<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_739421_0001140361-23-010821.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27696925</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>311288</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3247261</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12374410</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5369113</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5176543</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-010821.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309085350
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-010821
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CITIZENS FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000739421
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				232265045
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41410
		FILM NUMBER:		23718339

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 S MAIN ST
		CITY:			MANSFIELD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16933
		BUSINESS PHONE:		570-662-0444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 S MAIN ST
		CITY:			MANSFIELD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16933

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-010821.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 brhc10049067_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
 1934 

For the transition period from_____________________ to ___________________

Commission file number

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:

) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of

 Each Class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of Each Exchange

 on Which Registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.:

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended reporting transition period for complying
 with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) if the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its
 internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial
 statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of
 incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes No

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the
 common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter; as of June 30, 2022.

As of March 1, 2023, there were 
 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Certain information required by Part III is incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of
 Shareholders.

Citizens Financial Services, Inc.

Form 10-K

INDEX

Page

PART I

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 

1 9

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

9 17

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

17

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

17

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

18

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

18

PART II

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

18 19

ITEM 6 RESERVED 

19

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

20 48

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

49

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

50 104

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

105

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

105

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 

105

ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

105

PART III

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

106

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

106

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

106 107

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

107

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

107

PART IV

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

108 110

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

110

SIGNATURES 

111

Index 

PART I

ITEM 1 BUSINESS .

CITIZENS FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (the Company ), a Pennsylvania corporation, was incorporated on April 30, 1984 to be the holding company for First Citizens Community Bank (the Bank ), a
 Pennsylvania-chartered bank and trust company. During 2020, CZFS Acquisition Company, LLC (CZFS) was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and subsequently the Company s interest in the Bank was transferred to CZFS to facilitate the
 merger with MidCoast Community Bancorp, Inc. (MidCoast) and its wholly owned subsidiary, MidCoast Community Bank MC Bank ), which was completed on April 17, 2020. The Company is primarily engaged in the ownership and management of CZFS, its
 subsidiary, the Bank and the Bank s wholly owned subsidiaries, First Citizens Insurance Agency, Inc. First Citizens Insurance and 1 st Realty of PA LLC
 Realty ). Realty was formed in March of 2019 to manage and sell properties acquired by the Bank in the settlement of a bankruptcy filing with a commercial customer, as well as other properties the Bank obtains in foreclosure.

PENDING ACQUISITION OF HV BANCORP, INC.

On October 18, 2022, the Company and HV Bancorp, Inc. HVBC ), the holding company for Huntingdon Valley Bank HVB ),) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement pursuant to which HVBC will merge with and into the Company Concurrent with the merger, it is expected that HVB will merge with and into the Bank, with the Bank as the surviving institution.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of HVBC common stock will be converted into either the right to receive 30.50 in cash or 0.40 shares of the Company s common
 stock. Not more than 20 of the outstanding shares of HVBC common stock (including for this purpose, dissenters shares) may be paid in cash and the remainder will be paid in the Company s common stock. In the event of a greater than 20 
 decline in market value of the Company s common stock, HVBC may, in certain circumstances, be able to terminate the Merger Agreement unless the Company increases the number of shares into which HVB Bancorp, Inc. shares common stock may be
 converted or increases in the cash component of the merger consideration.

The senior management of the Company and the Bank will be augmented by management team members from HVBC and HVB.

The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals and approval by the shareholders of HVBC. The merger is currently expected to be
 completed in the first half of 2023.

Each of the directors of HVBC have agreed to vote their shares in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement at the shareholders meeting to be held to vote on the proposed transaction. If the
 merger is not consummated under certain circumstances, HVBC has agreed to pay the Company a termination fee of 2,800,000.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

A copy of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current events reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section
 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are made available free of charge through the Company s web site at www.firstcitizensbank.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with or
 furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of the reports the Company files electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission are also available through the Securities and Exchange Commission s website at www.sec.gov .
 Information on our website shall not be considered as incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.

1 

Index 

FIRST CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANK

The Bank is a full-service bank engaged in a broad range of banking activities and services for individual, business, governmental and institutional customers. These activities and services
 principally include checking, savings, and time deposit accounts; residential, commercial and agricultural real estate, commercial and industrial, state and political subdivision and consumer loans; and a variety of other specialized financial
 services. The Trust and Investment division of the Bank offers a full range of client investment, estate, mineral management and retirement services.

The Bank s main office is located at 15 South Main Street, Mansfield (Tioga County), Pennsylvania. In addition to the main office in Mansfield, the Bank operates 31 full service offices and one
 limited branch office in its market areas. The Bank s north central, Pennsylvania market area consists of the Pennsylvania Counties of Bradford, Clinton, Potter and Tioga in north central Pennsylvania. It also includes Allegany, Steuben, Chemung
 and Tioga Counties in Southern New York. The south central Pennsylvania market consists of Lebanon county and portions of Berks, Lancaster and Schuylkill Counties in Pennsylvania. The Central Pennsylvania market consists of our offices in
 Centre, Clinton and Union counties and the surrounding communities. Our Delaware market consists of Wilmington and Dover, Delaware and portions of Chester County, Pennsylvania and was due to the MidCoast acquisition, completed in April 2020,
 which added two offices in Wilmington, Delaware and one office in Dover, Delaware. In November of 2020, the Bank opened a full-service branch in Chester County, Pennsylvania. During 2022, we opened two offices, one in Ephrata, Pennsylvania and
 one in Greenville, Delaware. We also received regulatory approval to open a full service branch in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, which is expected to open in the second half of 2023.

The economy of the Bank s market areas are diversified and include manufacturing industries, wholesale and retail trade, service industries, agricultural and the production of natural resources
 of gas and timber. We are dependent geographically upon the economic conditions in north central, central and south central Pennsylvania, the southern tier of New York and the cities and surrounding areas of Wilmington and Dover, Delaware.

COMPETITION

The banking industry in the Bank s service areas are intensely competitive, with competitors including local community banks, larger regional banks, and financial service providers such as
 consumer finance companies, thrifts, investment firms, mutual funds, insurance companies, credit unions, mortgage banking firms, financial companies, financial affiliates of industrial companies, FinTech and internet entities, and government
 sponsored agencies, such as Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and Farm Credit. Competitive pressures continue to increase in our service areas as entities seek both loan and deposit growth, as well as geographic expansion. The Bank is generally
 competitive with all competing financial institutions in its service areas with respect to interest rates paid on time and savings deposits, service charges on deposit accounts and interest rates charged on loans.

Additional information related to our business and competition is included in Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations. 

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES

At December 31, 2022, we had a total of 328 employees, including 22 part-time employees and of which approximately 76 are women. The full-time equivalent of our total employees at December 31,
 2022 was 312. As a financial institution, approximately 49 of our employees are employed at our branch and loan production offices, and another 1.5 are employed at our customer care call center. The success of our business is highly dependent
 on our employees, who provide value to our customers and communities through their dedication to our mission. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group. Management considers its employee relations to be good.

We encourage and support the growth and development of our associates and, wherever possible, seek to fill positions by promotion and transfer from within the organization. Continual learning
 and career development are advanced through internally developed training programs and specialty education within banking and using universities that offer Banking Management programs. We believe our ability to attract and retain employees is a
 key to our success. Accordingly, we strive to offer competitive salaries and employee benefits to all employees and monitor salaries in our market areas. At December 31, 2022, 23 of our current staff had been with us for fifteen years or more.

2 

Index 

The safety, health and wellness of our employees is a top priority. All employees are asked not to come to work when they experience signs or symptoms of a possible COVID-19 illness. On an
 ongoing basis, we further promote the health and wellness of our associates by strongly encouraging work-life balance and sponsoring various wellness programs, whereby associates are compensated for incorporating healthy habits into their daily
 routines.

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

GENERAL

The Bank is subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking PDB and, as a member of the Federal Reserve System, by the Board of
 Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the FRB ). Federal and state banking laws and regulations govern, among other things, the scope of a bank s business, the investments a bank may make, the reserves against deposits a bank must maintain,
 terms of deposit accounts, loans a bank makes, the interest rates a bank charges and collateral a bank takes, the activities of a bank with respect to mergers and consolidations and the establishment of branches. The Company is registered as a
 bank holding company and is subject to supervision and regulation by the FRB under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA ).

PENNSYLVANIA BANKING LAWS

The Pennsylvania Banking Code Banking Code contains detailed provisions governing the organization, location of offices, rights and responsibilities of directors, officers, and employees, as
 well as corporate powers, savings and investment operations and other aspects of the Bank and its affairs. The Banking Code delegates extensive rule-making power and administrative discretion to the PDB so that the supervision and regulation of
 state chartered banks may be flexible and readily responsive to changes in economic conditions and in savings and lending practices.

Pennsylvania law also provides Pennsylvania state chartered institutions elective parity with the power of national banks, federal thrifts, and state-chartered institutions in other states as
 authorized by the FDIC, subject to a required notice to the PDB. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act FDIA ), however, prohibits state chartered banks from making new investments, loans, or becoming involved in activities as principal
 and equity investments which are not permitted for national banks unless (1) the FDIC determines the activity or investment does not pose a significant risk of loss to the Deposit Insurance Fund and (2) the bank meets all applicable capital
 requirements. Accordingly, the additional operating authority provided to the Bank by the Banking Code is restricted by the FDIA.

In April 2008, banking regulators in the States of New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (the Interstate MOU to clarify their respective roles, as
 home and host state regulators, regarding interstate branching activity on a regional basis pursuant to the Riegle-Neal Amendments Act of 1997. The Interstate MOU establishes the regulatory responsibilities of the respective state banking
 regulators regarding bank regulatory examinations and is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on state chartered banks branching within the region by eliminating duplicative host state compliance exams. Under the Interstate MOU, the
 activities of branches we established in New York would be governed by Pennsylvania state law to the same extent that federal law governs the activities of the branch of an out-of-state national bank in such host states. Issues regarding whether
 a particular host state law is preempted are to be determined in the first instance by the PDB. In the event that the PDB and the applicable host state regulator disagree regarding whether a particular host state law is pre-empted, the PDB and
 the applicable host state regulator would use their reasonable best efforts to consider all points of view and to resolve the disagreement.

COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT

The Community Reinvestment Act, CRA ), as implemented by FRB regulations, provides that the Bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation consistent with its safe and sound operation to help
 meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to
 develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. The CRA requires the FRB, in connection with its examination of the Bank, to assess the institution s record of
 meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain corporate applications by such institution, such as mergers and branching. The Bank s most recent rating was Satisfactory. Various
 consumer laws and regulations also affect the operations of the Bank. In addition to the impact of regulation, commercial banks are affected significantly by the actions of the FRB as it attempts to control the money supply and credit
 availability in order to influence the economy.

3 

Index 

Current Capital requirements 

Federal regulations require FDIC-insured depository institutions, including state-chartered, FRB-member banks, to meet several minimum capital standards. These capital standards were effective
 January 1, 2015, and result from a final rule implementing regulatory amendments based on recommendations of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 Dodd-Frank Act ).

The capital standards require the maintenance of common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , 6.0 and 8.0 , respectively, and a
 leverage ratio of at least 4 of Tier 1 capital. Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and Additional Tier 1 capital. 
 Additional Tier 1 capital generally includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1
 capital plus Additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred
 stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions
 that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI ), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. The
 Company has exercised the AOCI opt-out option and therefore AOCI is not incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations.

In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets (e.g., recourse obligations, direct
 credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present
 greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one- to four-family residential mortgages, a risk weight of 100 
 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors.

In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions by the institution and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if
 an institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements.

The FRB has authority to establish individual minimum capital requirements in appropriate cases upon a determination that an institution s capital level is or may become inadequate in light of
 the particular risks or circumstances.

As permitted by applicable federal regulation, the Bank has opted to use the community bank leverage ratio (the CBLR framework for determining its capital adequacy, as discussed above. If a
 qualifying community bank fails to maintain the applicable minimum CBLR during the grace period, or if it is unable to restore compliance with the CBLR within the grace period, then it will revert to the Basel III capital framework and the normal
 Prompt Corrective Action capital categories will apply. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s leverage ratio was 8.77 , which is less than the ratio required to be considered well-capitalized under the CBLR framework.

4 

Index 

Prompt Corrective Action Rules 

Federal law establishes a system of prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized institutions. The law requires that certain supervisory actions be taken against
 undercapitalized institutions, the severity of which depends on the degree of undercapitalization. The FRB has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action legislation as to state member banks. The regulations were amended to
 incorporate the previously mentioned increased regulatory capital standards that were effective January 1, 2015. An institution is deemed to be well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1
 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio
 of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of
 tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 .

Subject to a narrow exception, a receiver or conservator must be appointed for an institution that is critically undercapitalized within specified time frames. The regulations also provide
 that a capital restoration plan must be filed with the FRB within 45 days of the date an institution is deemed to have received notice that it is undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. Compliance
 with the capital restoration plan must be guaranteed by any parent holding company up to the lesser of 5 of the depository institution s total assets when it was deemed to be undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve compliance with
 applicable capital requirements. In addition, numerous mandatory supervisory actions become immediately applicable to an undercapitalized institution including, but not limited to, increased monitoring by regulators and restrictions on growth,
 capital distributions and expansion. The FRB could also take any one of a number of discretionary supervisory actions, including the issuance of a capital directive and the replacement of senior executive officers and directors. Significantly
 and critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to additional mandatory and discretionary measures.

STANDARDS FOR SAFETY AND SOUNDNESS

The federal banking agencies have adopted Interagency Guidelines prescribing Standards for Safety and Soundness in various areas such as internal controls and information systems, internal audit,
 loan documentation and credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth and quality, earnings and compensation, fees and benefits. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to
 identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. If the FRB determines that a state member bank fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the FRB may require the institution to
 submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard.

ENFORCEMENT

The PDB maintains enforcement authority over the Bank, including the power to issue cease and desist orders and civil money penalties and remove directors, officers or employees. The PDB also
 has the power to appoint a conservator or receiver for a bank upon insolvency, imminent insolvency, unsafe or unsound condition or certain other situations. The FRB has primary federal enforcement responsibility over FRB-member state banks and
 has authority to bring actions against the institution and all institution-affiliated parties, including shareholders, who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful actions likely to have an adverse effect on the bank. Formal enforcement
 action may range from the issuance of a capital directive or a cease and desist order, to removal of officers and/or directors. Civil penalties cover a wide range of violations and can amount to 25,000 per day, or even 1 million per day in
 especially egregious cases. The FDIC, as deposit insurer, has the authority to recommend to the FRB that enforcement action be taken with respect to a member bank. If the FRB does not take action, the FDIC has authority to take such action
 under certain circumstances. In general, regulatory enforcement actions occur with respect to situations involving unsafe or unsound practices or conditions, violations of law or regulation or breaches of fiduciary duty. Federal and
 Pennsylvania law also establish criminal penalties for certain violations.

5 

Index 

Regulatory Restrictions on bank Dividends 

The Bank may not declare a dividend without approval of the FRB, unless the dividend to be declared by the Bank's Board of Directors does not exceed the total of: (i) the Bank's net profits for
 the current year to date, plus (ii) its retained net profits for the preceding two years, less any required transfers to surplus.

Under Pennsylvania law, the Bank may only declare and pay dividends from its accumulated net earnings. In addition, the Bank may not declare and pay dividends from the surplus funds that
 Pennsylvania law requires that it maintain. Under these policies and subject to the restrictions applicable to the Bank, the Bank could have declared, during 2022, without prior regulatory approval, aggregate dividends of approximately 30.4
 million, plus net profits earned to the date of such dividend declaration.

BANK SECRECY ACT

Under the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), banks and other financial institutions are required to retain records to assure that the details of financial transactions can be traced if investigators need to
 do so. Banks are also required to report most cash transactions in amounts exceeding 10,000 made by or on behalf of their customers. Failure to meet BSA requirements may expose the Bank to statutory penalties, and a negative compliance record
 may affect the willingness of regulating authorities to approve certain actions by the Bank requiring regulatory approval, including acquisition and opening new branches.

INSURANCE OF DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

The Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) of the FDIC. Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system, insured institutions are assigned to one
 of four risk categories based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other factors, with less risky institutions paying lower assessments. An institution s assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is
 assigned, and certain adjustments specified by FDIC regulations.

As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC has issued final rules implementing changes to the assessment rules. The rules change the assessment base used for calculating deposit insurance
 assessments from deposits to total assets, less tangible (Tier 1) capital. Since the new base is larger than the previous base, the FDIC also lowered assessment rates so that the rule would not significantly alter the total amount of revenue
 collected from the industry. The range of adjusted assessment rates is now 2.5 to 45 basis points of the new assessment base. The rule is expected to benefit smaller financial institutions, which typically rely more on deposits for funding, and
 shift more of the burden for supporting the insurance fund to larger institutions, which are thought to have greater access to nondeposit funding. No institution may pay a dividend if it is in default of its assessments. As a result of the
 Dodd-Frank Act, deposit insurance per account owner is 250,000 for all types of accounts.

The Dodd-Frank Act increased the minimum target DIF ratio from 1.15 to 1.35 of estimated insured deposits. The Dodd-Frank Act eliminated the 1.5 maximum fund ratio, instead leaving it to the
 discretion of the FDIC to establish a maximum fund ratio. The FDIC has exercised that discretion by establishing a long range fund ratio of 2 .

The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of
 the Bank. Management cannot predict what insurance assessment rates will be in the future.

Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or
 has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or regulatory condition imposed in writing. The management of the Bank does not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance.

FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM

Under FRB regulations, the Bank is required to maintain reserves against its transaction accounts (primarily NOW and regular checking accounts). These reserve requirements are subject to annual
 adjustment by the FRB. For 2022, the Bank would have been required to maintain average daily reserves equal to 3 on aggregate transaction accounts of up to and including 640.6 million, plus 10 on the remainder, and the first 32.4 million of
 otherwise reservable balances will be exempt. In March 2020, the FRB reduced all reserve requirements to zero in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

6 

Index 

PROHIBITIONS AGAINST TYING ARRANGEMENTS

State-chartered banks are prohibited, subject to some exceptions, from extending credit to or offering any other service, or fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of credit or
 service, on the condition that the customer obtain some additional service from the institution or its affiliates or not obtain services of a competitor of the institution.

OTHER REGULATIONS

Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by the Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. The Bank s operations are also subject to federal
 and state laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the:

Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers;

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its
 obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves;

Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit;

Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies;

Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies;

Truth in Savings Act; and

Rules and regulations of the various federal and state agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such laws.

The Bank s operations also are subject to the:

Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial
 records;

Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from
 the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services;

Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the
 original paper check;

The USA PATRIOT Act, which requires banks operating to, among other things, establish broadened anti-money laundering compliance programs, due diligence policies and controls to ensure the
 detection and reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programs are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements, also applicable to financial institutions, under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of
 Foreign Assets Control regulations; and

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which places limitations on the sharing of consumer financial information by financial institutions with unaffiliated third parties. Specifically, the
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires all financial institutions offering financial products or services to retail customers to provide such customers with the financial institution s privacy policy and provide such customers the
 opportunity to opt out of the sharing of certain personal financial information with unaffiliated third parties.

HOLDING COMPANY REGULATION

The Company, as a bank holding company, is subject to examination, supervision, regulation, and periodic reporting under the BHCA, as administered by the FRB. The Company is required to obtain
 the prior approval of the FRB to acquire all, or substantially all, of the assets of any bank or bank holding company. Prior FRB approval is also required for the Company to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting
 securities of any bank or bank holding company if it would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5 of any class of voting shares of the bank or bank holding company.

7 

Index 

A bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in, or acquiring, direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting securities of any company engaged in nonbanking
 activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities found by the FRB to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the principal activities that
 the FRB has determined by regulation to be closely related to banking are: (i) making or servicing loans; (ii) performing certain data processing services; (iii) providing securities brokerage services; (iv) acting as fiduciary, investment or
 financial advisor; (v) leasing personal or real property under certain conditions; (vi) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (vii) acquiring a savings association.

A bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including that its depository institutions subsidiaries are well capitalized and well managed, can opt to become a financial holding
 company. A financial holding company may engage in a broader array of financial activities than permitted a typical bank holding company. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. The Company does not
 anticipate opting for financial holding company status at this time.

The Company is exempt from the FRB s consolidated capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding companies because the Company s consolidated assets are less than 3.0 billion. The FRB
 consolidated capital adequacy guidelines are at least as stringent as those required for the subsidiary depository institutions.

A bank holding company is generally required to give the FRB prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase
 or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the Company s consolidated net worth. The FRB may disapprove such a purchase or
 redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, FRB order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the FRB. The FRB has adopted an
 exception to that approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions.

The FRB has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. In general, the FRB s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current
 earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The FRB s policies also require that a bank
 holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by using available resources to provide capital funds during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising
 capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the source of strength policy and requires the promulgation of implementing regulations. Under the prompt corrective action
 laws, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital
 distributions.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Act makes depository institutions liable to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for losses suffered or anticipated by the insurance fund in connection with the
 default of a commonly controlled depository institution or any assistance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to such an institution in danger of default. That law would have potential applicability if the Company ever held as
 a separate subsidiary a depository institution in addition to the Bank.

The status of the Company as a registered bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act will not exempt it from certain federal and state laws and regulations applicable to corporations
 generally, including, without limitation, certain provisions of the federal securities laws.

ACQUISITION OF THE HOLDING COMPANY

Under the Change in Bank Control Act (the CIBCA ), a federal statute, a notice must be submitted to the FRB if any person (including a company), or group acting in concert, seeks to acquire 10 
 or more of the Company s shares of outstanding common stock, unless the FRB has found that the acquisition will not result in a change in control of the Company. Under the CIBCA, the FRB generally has 60 days within which to act on such notices,
 taking into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer, the convenience and needs of the communities served by the Company and the Bank, and the anti-trust effects of the acquisition. Under the
 BHCA, any company would be required to obtain prior approval from the FRB before it may obtain control of the Company within the meaning of the BHCA. Control generally is defined to mean the ownership or power to vote 25 or more of any class
 of voting securities of the Company or the ability to control in any manner the election of a majority of the Company s directors. An existing bank holding company would be required to obtain the FRB s prior approval under the BHCA before
 acquiring more than 5 of the Company s voting stock.

8 

Index 

EFFECT OF GOVERNMENT MONETARY POLICIES

The earnings and growth of the banking industry are affected by the credit policies of monetary authorities, including the Federal Reserve System. An important function of the Federal Reserve
 System is to regulate the national supply of bank credit in order to control recessionary and inflationary pressures. Among the instruments of monetary policy used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market activities
 in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These operations are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and
 indirectly, bank loans, securities, and deposits. These variables may also affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve authorities have had a significant effect on the operating
 results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to have such an effect in the future.

In view of the changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, as well as the effect of actions by monetary and fiscal authorities including the Federal Reserve System, no
 prediction can be made as to possible changes in interest rates, deposit levels, loan demand or their effect on the business and earnings of the Company and the Bank. Additional information is included under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS .

The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect the Company s consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Readers should not consider any
 descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect the Company. Any risk factor discussed below could by itself, or combined with other factors, materially and adversely affect the Company s business,
 results of operations, financial condition, capital position, liquidity, competitive position or reputation, including by materially increasing expenses or decreasing revenues, which could result in material losses or a decrease in earnings.

RISKS RELATED TO THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC 

The economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant economic dislocation in the United States and worldwide. Although the domestic and global economies have begun to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic as
 many health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the macroeconomic environment and may persist for some time, including labor shortages
 and disruptions of global supply chains. The growth in economic activity and in the demand for goods and services, coupled with labor shortages and supply chain disruptions, has also contributed to inflation and the risk of recession. As a
 result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related adverse economic consequences, we could be subject to the following risks, among others, any of which individually or in combination with others could have a material, adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations:

demand for our products and services may decline, making it difficult to grow assets and income;

if we have high levels of unemployment for an extended period of time, loan delinquencies, problem assets, and foreclosures may increase, resulting in increased charges and reduced income;

collateral for loans, especially real estate, may decline in value, which could cause loan losses to increase;

limitations may be placed on our ability to foreclose on properties we hold as collateral;

9 

Index 

our allowance for loan losses may have to be increased if borrowers experience financial difficulties beyond forbearance periods, which will adversely affect our net income;

the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us;

our cybersecurity risks are increased if employees work remotely;

we rely on third-party vendors for certain services and the unavailability of a critical service due to the COVID-19 pandemic could have an adverse effect on us; and

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation premiums may increase if the agency experiences additional resolution costs.

RISKS RELATED TO CHANGES IN MARKET INTEREST RATES 

Changing interest rates may decrease our earnings and asset values.

Our net interest income is the interest we earn on loans and investments less the interest we pay on our deposits and borrowings. Our net interest margin is the difference between the yield we
 earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and our other sources of funding. Changes in interest rates up or down could adversely affect our net interest margin and, as a result, our net interest income. Although the yield we
 earn on our assets and our funding costs tend to move in the same direction in response to changes in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest margin to expand or contract. Our liabilities tend to be
 shorter in duration than our assets, so they may adjust faster in response to changes in interest rates. As a result, when interest rates rise, our funding costs may rise faster than the yield we earn on our assets, causing our net interest
 margin to contract until the asset yields catch up. Changes in the slope of the yield curve or the spread between short-term and long-term interest rates could also reduce our net interest margin. Normally, the yield curve is upward sloping,
 meaning short-term rates are lower than long-term rates. Because our liabilities tend to be shorter in duration than our assets, when the yield curve flattens or even inverts, we could experience pressure on our net interest margin as our cost
 of funds increases relative to the yield we can earn on our assets.

Changes in interest rates also affect the value of the Bank s interest-earning assets, and in particular the Bank s securities portfolio. Generally, the value of fixed-rate securities fluctuates
 inversely with changes in interest rates. Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale are reported as a separate component of shareholder equity, net of tax, while unrealized gains and losses on equity securities directly impact
 earnings. Decreases in the fair value of securities available for sale resulting from increases in interest rates could have an adverse effect on shareholders equity or net income.

Impact of Inflation

The effects of price changes and inflation can vary substantially for most financial institutions. While management believes that inflation affects the growth of total assets, it believes that it
 is difficult to assess the overall impact. Management believes this to be the case due to the fact that generally neither the timing nor the magnitude of the inflationary changes in the CPI coincides with changes in interest rates. The price of
 one or more of the components of the CPI may fluctuate considerably and thereby influence the overall CPI without having a corresponding effect on interest rates or upon the cost of those goods and services normally purchased by us. In years of
 high inflation and high interest rates, intermediate and long-term interest rates tend to increase, thereby adversely impacting the market values of investment securities, mortgage loans and other long-term fixed rate loans. In addition, higher
 short-term interest rates caused by inflation tend to increase the cost of funds. In other years, the opposite may occur. In addition, inflation increases the cost of goods and services we use in our business operations, such as electricity and
 other utilities, which increases our noninterest expenses. Our customers are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to
 repay their loans with us.

10 

Index 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR LENDING ACTIVITIES 

Activities related to the drilling for natural gas in the in the Marcellus and Utica Shale formations impacts certain customers of the Bank.

Our north central Pennsylvania market area is predominately centered in the Marcellus and Utica Shale natural gas exploration and drilling area, and as a result, the economy in north central
 Pennsylvania is influenced by the natural gas industry. Loan demand, deposit levels and the market value of local real estate are impacted by this activity. While the Company does not lend to the various entities directly engaged in
 exploration, drilling or production activities, many of our customers provide transportation and other services and products that support natural gas exploration and production activities. Therefore, our customers are impacted by changes in the
 market price for natural gas, as a significant downturn in this industry could impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans in accordance with their terms. Additionally, exploration and drilling activities may be affected by federal,
 state and local laws and regulations such as restrictions on production, permitting, changes in taxes and environmental protection. Regulatory and market pricing of natural gas could also impact and/or reduce demand for loans and deposit levels
 or loan collateral values. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

Higher loan losses could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses through a charge to earnings.

When we loan money, we incur the risk that our borrowers do not repay their loans. We reserve for loan losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings. The amount of this
 allowance is based on our assessment of loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio. The process for determining the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial results and condition. It requires subjective and complex judgments about the
 future, including forecasts of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. We might underestimate the loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio and have loan losses in excess of the amount
 reserved. We might increase the allowance because of changing economic conditions. For example, in a rising interest rate environment, borrowers with adjustable-rate loans could see their payments increase. There may be a significant increase in
 the number of borrowers who are unable or unwilling to repay their loans, resulting in our charging off more loans and increasing our allowance. In addition, when real estate values decline, the potential severity of loss on a real estate-secured
 loan can increase significantly, especially in the case of loans with high combined loan-to-value ratios. A decline in the national economy and the local economies of the areas in which the loans are concentrated could result in an increase in
 loan delinquencies, foreclosures or repossessions resulting in increased charge-off amounts and the need for additional loan loss allowances in future periods. In addition, bank regulators may require us to make a provision for loan losses or
 otherwise recognize further loan charge-offs following their periodic review of our loan portfolio, our underwriting procedures, and our loan loss allowance. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs as required by such
 regulatory authorities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our allowance for loan losses amounted to 18.6 million, or 1.08 of total loans outstanding and 267.1 of nonperforming loans, at December 31, 2022. Our allowance for loan losses at December 31,
 2022 may not be sufficient to cover future loan losses. A large loss could deplete the allowance and require increased provisions to replenish the allowance, which would decrease our earnings. In addition, at December 31, 2022 the top 40
 relationships of the Bank had an outstanding balance of 530.5 million. These loans represent approximately 30.7 of our entire outstanding loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and the deterioration of one or more of these loans could result in
 a significant increase in our nonperforming loans and our provision for loan losses, which would negatively impact our results of operations.

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which changes
 the impairment model for most financial assets. The underlying premise of the Update is that financial assets measured at amortized cost should be presented at the net amount expected to be collected, through an allowance for credit losses that
 is deducted from the amortized cost basis. The allowance for credit losses should reflect management s current estimate of credit losses that are expected to occur over the remaining life of a financial asset. The income statement will be
 affected for the measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial assets, as well as the expected increases or decreases of expected credit losses that have taken place during the period. The standard was implemented effective January
 1, 2023 with a On October 16, 2019, the FASB voted to defer the effective date for ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , for smaller reporting companies to fiscal years beginning after December
 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The implementation of this standard did result in a decrease to the Company s allowance for loan losses effective January 1, 2023.

11 

Index 

Our emphasis on commercial real estate, agricultural real estate, construction and state and political subdivision lending may expose us to increased lending risks.

At December 31, 2022, we had 876.6 million in loans secured by commercial real estate, 313.6 million in agricultural real estate loans, 80.7 million in construction loans and 59.2 million in
 municipal loans. Commercial real estate loans, agricultural real estate, construction and municipal loans represented 50.8 , 18.2 , 4.7 and 3.4 , respectively, of our loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, we had 15.8 million of reserves
 specifically allocated to these loan types. While commercial real estate, agricultural real estate, construction and municipal loans are generally more interest rate sensitive and carry higher yields than do residential mortgage loans, these
 types of loans generally expose a lender to greater risk of non-payment and loss than single-family residential mortgage loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation of the property, the income stream of the
 borrowers and, for construction loans, the accuracy of the estimate of the property s value at completion of construction and the estimated cost of construction. Such loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of
 related borrowers compared to single-family residential mortgage loans. We monitor loan concentrations on an individual relationship and industry wide basis to monitor the amount of risk we have in our loan portfolio.

Agricultural loans are dependent for repayment on the successful operation and management of the farm property, the health of the agricultural industry broadly, and on the location of the
 borrower in particular, and other factors outside of the borrower s control.

At December 31, 2022, our agricultural loans, consisting primarily of agricultural real estate loans and other agricultural loans totaled 348.4 million, representing 20.2 of our total loan
 portfolio. The primary activities of our agricultural customers include dairy and beef farms, poultry and swine operations, crops and support businesses. Agricultural markets are highly sensitive to real and perceived changes in the supply and
 demand of agricultural products. Weaker prices could reduce the value of agricultural land in our local markets and thereby increase the risk of default by our borrowers or reduce the foreclosure value of agricultural land, animals and equipment
 that serves as collateral for certain of our loans. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a loan concentration to the dairy industry totaling 120,100,000, or 7.0 of total loans and 34.5 of total agricultural loans compared to 8.8 of total
 loans and 36.2 of total agricultural loans at December 31, 2021.

Our agricultural loans are dependent on the profitable operation and management of the farm property securing the loan and its cash flows. The success of a farm property may be affected by many
 factors outside the control of the borrower, including:

the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact to supply and demand constraints

adverse weather conditions (such as hail, drought and floods), restrictions on water supply or other conditions that prevent the planting or harvesting of a crop or limit crop yields;

loss of crops or livestock due to disease or other factors;

declines in the market prices or demand for agricultural products (both domestically and internationally), for any reason;

increases in production costs (such as the costs of labor, rent, feed, fuel and fertilizer);

the impact of domestic and international government policies and regulations (including changes in price supports, subsidies, government-sponsored crop insurance, minimum ethanol content requirements
 for gasoline, tariffs, trade barriers, trade agreements and health and environmental regulations);

access to technology and the successful implementation of production technologies; and

changes in the general economy that could affect the availability of off-farm sources of income and prices of real estate for borrowers.

Disruptions in the supply chain and the processing of product and delivery to the final retail channel

Lower prices for agricultural products may cause farm revenues to decline and farm operators may be unable to reduce expenses as quickly as their revenues decline. In addition, many farms are
 dependent on a limited number of key individuals whose injury or death could significantly affect the successful operation of the farm. If the cash flow from a farming operation is diminished, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be
 impaired. Consequently, agricultural loans may involve a greater degree of risk than residential mortgage lending, particularly in the case of loans that are unsecured or secured by rapidly depreciating assets such as farm equipment (some of
 which is highly specialized with a limited or no market for resale) or perishable assets such as livestock or crops. In such cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted agricultural operating loan may not provide an adequate source of
 repayment of the outstanding loan balance as a result of the greater likelihood of damage, loss or depreciation or because the assessed value of the collateral exceeds the eventual realization value.

12 

Index 

Loan participations comprise a portion of our loan portfolio and a decline in loan participation volume could hurt profits and slow loan growth.

We have actively engaged in loan participations whereby we are invited to participate in loans, primarily commercial real estate and municipal loans, originated by another financial institution
 known as the lead lender. We have participated with other financial institutions in both our primary markets and out of market areas. We underwrite any loan we participate in as if we are originating the loan. The primary difference is that
 financial information is received from the participating financial institution and not the borrower. The loans we participate in totaled 65.3 million and 58.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a percent of total loans,
 participation purchased loans were 3.8 , and 4.0 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our profits and loan growth could be significantly and adversely affected if the volume of loan participations would materially decrease, whether
 because loan demand declines, loan payoffs, lead lenders may come to perceive us as a potential competitor in their respective market areas, or otherwise.

Environmental liability associated with lending activities could result in losses .

In the course of our business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing our loans. If hazardous substances were discovered on any of these properties, we could be liable to
 governmental entities or third parties for the costs of remediation of the hazard, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Many environmental laws can impose liability regardless of whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the
 contamination. In addition, if we arrange for the disposal of hazardous or toxic substances at another site, we may be liable for the costs of cleaning up and removing those substances from the site even if we neither own nor operate the
 disposal site. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses and may materially limit use of properties we acquire through foreclosure, reduce their value or limit our ability to sell them in the event of a default on the loans
 they secure. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INVESTMENT SECURITIES 

If we conclude that the decline in value of any of our investment securities is other than temporary, we are required to write down the value of that security through a charge to earnings.

We review our investment securities portfolio monthly and at each quarter-end reporting period to determine whether the fair value is below the current carrying value. Generally, the fair value
 of our investment securities decrease during periods of rising market interest rates and increase during periods of declining market interest rates. When the fair value of any of our investment securities has declined below its carrying value, we
 are required to assess whether the decline is other than temporary. If we conclude that the decline is other than temporary, we are required to write down the value of that security through a charge to earnings. As of December 31, 2022, our
 investment portfolio included available for sale investment securities with an amortized cost of 487.0 million and a fair value of 439.5 million, which included unrealized losses on 361 securities totaling 47,537,000. Changes in the expected
 cash flows of these securities and/or prolonged price declines may result in our concluding in future periods that the impairment of these securities is other than temporary, which would require a charge to earnings to write down these securities
 to their fair value. Any charges for other-than-temporary impairment would not impact cash flow, tangible capital or liquidity.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR SECONDARY MORTGAGE OPERATIONS 

Income from secondary mortgage market operations is volatile, and we may incur losses or charges with respect to our secondary mortgage market operations which would negatively affect our earnings.

We generally sell in the secondary market the longer term fixed-rate residential mortgage loans that we originate, earning non-interest income in the form of gains on sale. When interest rates
 rise, the demand for mortgage loans tends to fall and may reduce the number of loans available for sale. In addition to interest rate levels, weak or deteriorating economic conditions also tend to reduce loan demand. Although we sell loans in the
 secondary market without recourse, we are required to give customary representations and warranties to the buyers. If we breach those representations and warranties, the buyers can require us to repurchase the loans and we may incur a loss on the
 repurchase. Because we generally retain the servicing rights on the loans we sell in the secondary market, we are required to record a mortgage servicing right asset, which we test annually for impairment. The value of mortgage servicing rights
 tends to increase with rising interest rates, which occurred in 2022, and to decrease with falling interest rates, with refinance activity increasing in falling rate environments. If we are required to take an impairment charge on our mortgage
 servicing rights our earnings would be adversely affected.

13 

Index 

As a result an acquisition in 2015, the Bank acquired a portfolio of loans sold to the FHLB, which were sold under the Mortgage Partnership Finance Program ("MPF"). While the Bank was not an
 active participant in the MPF program in 2022, we continue to evaluate the program to see if it would be beneficial to our customers and our performance. The MPF portfolio balance was 10,179,000 at December 31, 2022. The FHLB maintains a
 first-loss position for the MPF portfolio that totals 161,000. Should the FHLB exhaust its first-loss position, recourse to the Bank's credit enhancement would be up to the next 348,000 of losses. The Bank has not experienced any losses for the
 MPF portfolio.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR MARKET AREA 

The Company s financial condition and results of operations are dependent on the economy in the Bank s market area.

The Bank s primary market area consists of the Pennsylvania Counties of Bradford, Clinton, Potter, and Tioga in north central Pennsylvania, Lebanon, Schuylkill, Berks and Lancaster in south
 central, Pennsylvania, Centre and Clinton in central Pennsylvania, and Allegany, Steuben, Chemung and Tioga Counties in southern New York. With the acquisition of MidCoast, we consider the cities and surrounding areas of Wilmington and Dover,
 Delaware, as well as Kennett Square, Pennsylvania in Chester County, as primary market areas. The majority of the Bank s loan and deposits come from households and businesses whose primary address is located in the Bank s primary market areas. 
 Because of the Bank s concentration of business activities in its market area, the Company s financial condition and results of operations depend upon economic conditions in its market areas. Adverse economic conditions in our market areas could
 reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans and generally affect our financial condition and results of operations. Conditions such as inflation, recession, unemployment, high interest rates and short money
 supply and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our profitability. We are less able than a larger institution to spread the risks of unfavorable local economic conditions across a large number of diversified economies. Any
 sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses caused by adverse market or economic conditions in the States of Pennsylvania, New York and Delaware could adversely affect the value of our assets, revenues, results of
 operations and financial condition. Moreover, we cannot give any assurance we will benefit from any market growth or favorable economic conditions in our primary market areas if they do occur.

RISKS RELATED TO LAWS AND REGULATIONS 

Regulation of the financial services industry is significant, and future legislation could increase our cost of doing business or harm our
 competitive position. 

We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the FRB and the PDB, our primary regulators, and by the FDIC, as insurer of our deposits. Such regulation and supervision
 governs the activities in which an institution and its holding company may engage and are intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and the depositors and borrowers of the Bank rather than for holders of our common stock.
 Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on our operations, the classification of our assets and determination of the level of our allowance for
 loan losses. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our profitability and operations. Future legislative changes could
 require changes to business practices or force us to discontinue businesses and potentially expose us to additional costs, liabilities, enforcement action and reputational risk.

Our ability to pay dividends is limited by law.

Our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders largely depends on our receipt of dividends from the Bank . The amount of dividends that the Bank may pay
 to us is limited by federal and state laws and regulations. We also may decide to limit the payment of dividends even when we have the legal ability to pay them in order to retain earnings for use in our business.

14 

Index 

Federal and state banking laws, our articles of incorporation and our by-laws may have an anti-takeover effect.

Federal law imposes restrictions, including regulatory approval requirements, on persons seeking to acquire control over us. Pennsylvania law also has provisions that may have an anti-takeover
 effect. These provisions may serve to entrench management or discourage a takeover attempt that shareholders consider to be in their best interest or in which they would receive a substantial premium over the current market price.

RISKS RELATED TO COMPETITION 

Strong competition within the Bank s market areas could hurt profits and slow growth.

The Bank faces intense competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. This competition has made it more difficult for the Bank to make new loans and at times has forced the Bank to
 offer higher deposit rates. Price competition for loans and deposits might result in the Bank earning less on loans and paying more on deposits, which would reduce net interest income. Competition also makes it more difficult to increase the
 volume of our loan and deposit portfolios. As of June 30, 2022, which is the most recent date for which information is available, we held 34.4 of the FDIC insured deposits in Bradford, Potter and Tioga Counties, Pennsylvania, which was the
 largest share of deposits out of eight financial institutions with offices in the area, and 7.2 of the FDIC insured deposits in Allegany County, New York, which was the third largest share of deposits out of three financial institutions with
 offices in this area. As of June 30, 2022, we held 9.1 of the FDIC insured deposits in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania, which was the fourth largest share out of the 14 financial institutions with offices in the County. As of June 30, 2022, we held
 4.3 of the FDIC insured deposits in Clinton County, Pennsylvania, which was the sixth largest share out of the eight financial institutions with offices in the County. Our offices in Berks, Centre, Chester, Lancaster and Schuylkill Counties of
 Pennsylvania and our offices in Wilmington and Dover, Delaware all have less than 3 of the FDIC insured deposits of the corresponding County as of June 30, 2022. This data does not include deposits held by credit unions. Competition also makes
 it more difficult to hire employees and more expensive to retain experienced employees. Some of the institutions with which the Bank competes have substantially greater resources and lending limits than the Bank has and may offer services that
 the Bank does not provide. Management expects competition to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes (fintech) and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. The
 Bank s profitability depends upon its continued ability to compete successfully in its market area.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS 

We rely on our management and other key personnel, and the loss of any of them may adversely affect our operations.

We are and will continue to be dependent upon the services of our executive management team. In addition, we will continue to depend on our ability to retain and recruit key commercial and
 agricultural loan officers. The unexpected loss of services of any key management personnel or commercial and agricultural loan officers could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition because of their skills, knowledge of
 our market, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel.

We are periodically subject to examination and scrutiny by a number of banking agencies and, depending upon the findings and determinations of these agencies, we may be required to make
 adjustments to our business that could adversely affect us.

Federal and state banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with applicable laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a banking
 agency was to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, asset concentration, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, sensitivity to market risk or other aspects of any of our operations has become
 unsatisfactory, or that we or our management is in violation of any law or regulation, it could take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to
 require affirmative actions to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to change the
 composition of our assets or liabilities, to assess civil monetary penalties against us and/or our officers or directors, to remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent
 risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance. If we become subject to such regulatory actions, our business, results of operations and reputation may be negatively impacted.

15 

Index 

We are subject to certain risks in connection with our use of technology.

Communications and information systems are essential to the conduct of our business, as we use such systems to manage our customer relationships, our general ledger, our deposits, our loans, and
 to deliver on-line and electronic banking services. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures and
 endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, the security of our computer systems, software, and networks may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code and cyber attacks that could have
 a security impact.

In addition, breaches of security may occur through intentional or unintentional acts by those having authorized or unauthorized access to our confidential or other information or the
 confidential or other information of our customers, clients, or counterparties. If one or more of such events were to occur, the confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and
 networks could potentially be jeopardized, or could otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our customers, clients, or counterparties. This could cause us significant reputational damage or result in
 our experiencing significant losses from fraud or otherwise.

Furthermore, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from
 operational and security risks. Also, we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance we maintain.

We routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential, and proprietary information by e-mail and other electronic means. We have discussed and worked with our customers, clients, and
 counterparties to develop secure transmission capabilities, but we do not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with all of these constituents, and we may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate
 controls in place to protect the confidentiality of such information. Any interception, misuse, or mishandling of personal, confidential, or proprietary information being sent to or received from a customer, client, or counterparty could result
 in legal liability, regulatory action, and reputational harm, and could have a significant adverse effect on our competitive position, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risks and/or losses to us.

We have implemented a risk management framework to manage our risk exposure. This framework is comprised of various processes, systems and strategies, and is designed to manage the types of risk
 to which we are subject, including, among others, credit, market, liquidity, interest rate and compliance. Our framework also includes financial or other modeling methodologies which involve management assumptions and judgment. There is no
 assurance that our risk management framework will be effective under all circumstances or that it will adequately mitigate any risk or loss to us. If our framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business, financial
 condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. We may also be subject to potentially adverse regulatory consequences.

RISKS RELATED TO LIBOR 

Changes in the method pursuant to which benchmark rates, including LIBOR, are calculated and their potential discontinuance could adversely impact our business operations and financial results.

Many of our lending products, securities and derivatives utilize a benchmark rate to determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount. As the Company has grown and developed relationships
 with larger and more sophisticated borrowers, the benchmarks utilized by the Company have changed with an increased usage of LIBOR. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA has announced that the FCA intends to stop persuading or compelling
 banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. This announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR cannot and will not be guaranteed. Instruments associated with LIBOR have been identified by the Company, and transition
 procedures to a revised benchmark are being developed.

16 

Index 

The discontinuation of a benchmark rate, changes in a benchmark rate, or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of a benchmark rate, including LIBOR, could, among other things,
 adversely affect the value of and return on certain of our financial instruments or products, result in changes to our risk exposures, or require renegotiation of previous transactions. In addition, any such discontinuation or changes, whether
 actual or anticipated, could result in market volatility, adverse tax or accounting effects, increased compliance, legal and operational costs, and risks associated with customer disclosures and contract negotiations. The transition to using a
 new rate could also expose us to risks associated with disputes with customers and other market participants in connection with interpreting and implementing fallback provisions.

Various regulators, industry bodies and other market participants in the U.S. are engaged in initiatives to develop, introduce and encourage the use of alternative rates to replace certain
 benchmarks. Despite progress made to date by regulators and industry participants, such as us, to prepare for the anticipated discontinuation of LIBOR, significant uncertainties still remain. Such uncertainties relate to, for example, whether
 replacement benchmark rates may become accepted alternatives to LIBOR for different types of transactions and financial instruments, how the terms of any transaction or financial instrument may be adjusted to account for differences between LIBOR
 and any alternative rate selected, how any replacement would be implemented across the industry, and the effect any changes in industry views or movement to alternative benchmarks would have on the markets for LIBOR-linked financial instruments.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR MERGER AND ACQUISITION ACTIVITY 

Impairment of goodwill could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on our results of operations.

Our goodwill could become impaired in the future. If goodwill were to become impaired, it could limit the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company, adversely impacting the Company s
 liquidity and ability to pay dividends. The most significant assumptions affecting our goodwill impairment evaluation are variables including the market price of our Common Stock, projections of earnings, and the control premium above our current
 stock price that an acquirer would pay to obtain control of us. We are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually or when impairment indicators are present. If an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, our
 earnings and book value of goodwill will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. If an impairment loss is recorded, it will have little or no impact on the tangible book value of our Common Stock, or our regulatory capital levels, but such an
 impairment loss could significantly reduce the Bank s earnings and thereby restrict the Bank's ability to make dividend payments to us without prior regulatory approval, because Federal Reserve policy states the bank holding company dividends
 should be paid from current earnings. At December 31, 2022, the book value of our goodwill was 31.4 million, all of which was recorded at the Bank.

We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of entering new markets.

As a result of completed and proposed acquisitions and the hiring of additional agricultural and commercial lending teams, the Company enters new banking market areas. The success of entering
 these new markets depends upon, in part, the Company s ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining the businesses of the Company and the acquisition, as well as organically growing loans and deposits. To realize
 these anticipated benefits and cost savings, the businesses and individuals must be successfully combined and operated. If the Company is not able to achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits, including growth and cost savings related
 to the combined businesses, may not be realized at all or may take longer to realize than expected. If the Company fails to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions and the new employee hiring s, the Company s results of operations
 could be adversely affected.

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS .

Not applicable.

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES .

The headquarters of the Company and Bank are located at 15 South Main Street, Mansfield, Pennsylvania. The building contains the central offices of the Company and Bank. The Bank owns twenty four
 banking facilities and leases thirteen other facilities.

The net book value of owned banking facilities and leasehold improvements totaled 16,734,000 as of December 31, 2022. The properties are adequate to meet the needs of the employees and
 customers. We have equipped all of our facilities with current technological improvements for data processing.

17 

Index 

ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

The Company is not involved in any pending legal proceedings other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. Such routine legal proceedings in the aggregate
 are believed by management to be immaterial to the Company's consolidated financial condition or results of operations.

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

PART II

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

Since June 3, 2022, the Company s common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol CZFS . Before that date, the Company s common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink Market
 under the same symbol. The prices in the table below are for the full quarters during which the Company s common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink Market and reflect bid prices between broker-dealers published by the OTC Pink Market and the Pink
 Sheets Electronic Quotation Service. The prices do not include retail markups or markdowns or any commission to the broker-dealer. The bid prices do not necessarily reflect prices in actual transactions. For 2022 and 2021, cash dividends were
 declared on a quarterly basis and are summarized in the table below:

2022

Dividends

 declared

2021

Dividends

 declared

High

Low

per share

High

Low

per share

First quarter

62.97

59.46

0.475

58.42

53.96

0.465

Second quarter

N/A

N/A

0.475

62.50

58.42

0.465

Third quarter

N/A

N/A

0.480

64.00

61.10

0.470

Fourth quarter

N/A

N/A

0.480

61.50

59.00

0.470

The Company has paid dividends since April 30, 1984, the effective date of our formation as a bank holding company. The Company's Board of Directors expects that comparable cash dividends will
 continue to be paid by the Company in the future; however, future dividends necessarily depend upon earnings, financial condition, appropriate legal restrictions and other factors in existence at the time the Board of Directors considers a
 dividend distribution. Cash available for dividend distributions to stockholders of the Company comes primarily from dividends paid to the Company by the Bank. Therefore, restrictions on the ability of the Bank to make dividend payments are
 directly applicable to the Company. Under the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of 1988, the Company may pay dividends only if, after payment, the Company would be able to pay debts as they become due in the usual course of our business and
 total assets will be greater than the sum of total liabilities. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions. Also see Supervision and Regulation Regulatory
 Restrictions on Bank Dividends, Supervision and Regulation Holding Company Regulation, and Note 15 Regulatory Matters to the consolidated financial statements.

As of March 1, 2023, the Company had 1,838 stockholders of record. The computation of stockholders of record excludes investors whose shares were held for them by a bank or broker at that date.
 The following table presents information regarding the Company s stock repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2022:

18 

Index 

Period

Total Number of Shares (or units Purchased)

Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit)

Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans of Programs

Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1)

10/1/22 to 10/31/22

-

0.00

-

116,392

11/1/22 to 11/30/22

3

68.23

3

116,389

12/1/22 to 12/31/22

-

0.00

-

116,389

Total

3

68.23

3

116,389

(1) 

On April 21, 2020, the Company announced that the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to an additional 150,000 shares at an aggregate purchase price not to exceed 12.0 million
 over a period of 36 months. The repurchases will be conducted through open-market purchases or privately negotiated transactions and will be made from time to time depending on market conditions and other factors. No time limit was
 placed on the duration of the share repurchase program. Any repurchased shares will be held as treasury stock and will be available for general corporate purposes.

ITEM 6 [RESERVED]

19 

Index 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT

We have made forward-looking statements in this document, and in documents that we incorporate by reference, that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include
 information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company, the Bank, First Citizens Insurance, Realty or the Company on a consolidated basis. When we use words such as believes, expects, anticipates, or similar
 expressions, we are making forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may prove inaccurate. For a variety of reasons, actual results could differ materially from those contained in or implied by forward-looking statements:

The continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse effect on our business and operations, our customers, including their ability to make timely loan payments, our service providers,
 and on the economy and financial markets more significant that we expect.

Interest rates could change more rapidly or more significantly than we expect.

The economy could change significantly in an unexpected way, which would cause the demand for new loans and the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans to change in ways that our models do not
 anticipate.

The financial markets could suffer a significant disruption, which may have a negative effect on our financial condition and that of our borrowers, and on our ability to raise money by issuing new
 securities.

It could take us longer than we anticipate implementing strategic initiatives, including expansions, designed to increase revenues or manage expenses, or we may be unable to implement those
 initiatives at all.

Acquisitions and dispositions of assets and companies could affect us in ways that management has not anticipated.

We may become subject to new legal obligations or the resolution of litigation may have a negative effect on our financial condition or operating results.

We may become subject to new and unanticipated accounting, tax, regulatory or compliance practices or requirements. Failure to comply with any one or more of these requirements could have an adverse
 effect on our operations.

We could experience greater loan delinquencies than anticipated, adversely affecting our earnings and financial condition.

We could experience greater losses than expected due to the ever increasing volume of information theft and fraudulent scams impacting our customers and the banking industry.

We could lose the services of some or all of our key personnel, which would negatively impact our business because of their business development skills, financial expertise, lending experience,
 technical expertise and market area knowledge.

The agricultural economy is subject to extreme swings in both the costs of resources and the prices received from the sale of products as a result of weather, government regulations, international
 trade agreements and consumer tastes, which could negatively impact certain of our customers.

Loan concentrations in certain industries could negatively impact our results, if financial results or economic conditions deteriorate.

Companies providing support services related to the exploration and drilling of the natural gas reserves in our market area may be affected by federal, state and local laws and regulations such as
 restrictions on production, permitting, changes in taxes and environmental protection, which could negatively impact our customers and, as a result, negatively impact our loan and deposit volume and loan quality. Additionally, the
 activities the companies providing support services related to the exploration and drilling of the natural gas reserves may be dependent on the market price of natural gas. As a result, decreases in the market price of natural gas
 could also negatively impact these companies, our customers.

Additional factors are discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1A. Risk Factors. These risks and uncertainties should be considered in
 evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to
 reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of the forward-looking statements or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Accordingly, past results and trends should not be used by investors to anticipate future results or
 trends.

20 

Index 

INTRODUCTION

The following is management s discussion and analysis of the significant changes in financial condition, the results of operations, capital resources and liquidity presented in the accompanying
 consolidated financial statements for the Company. The Company s consolidated financial condition and results of operations consist almost entirely of the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. Management s discussion and analysis
 should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes. Except as noted, tabular information is presented in thousands of dollars.

The Company currently engages in the general business of banking throughout its service area of Bradford, Tioga, Clinton, Potter and Centre counties in north central Pennsylvania, Lebanon, Berks,
 Schuylkill and Lancaster counties in south central Pennsylvania and Allegany County in southern New York. We also have a limited branch office in Union county, Pennsylvania, which primarily serves agricultural customers in the central
 Pennsylvania market. We maintain our main office in Mansfield, Pennsylvania. Presently we operate 36 banking facilities, 33 of which operate as bank branches. In addition, we have leased an additional facility in Williamsport, Pennsylvania that
 will be opened as a full service branch in 2023. In Pennsylvania, the Company has full service offices located in Mansfield, Blossburg, Ulysses, Genesee, Wellsboro, Troy, Sayre, Canton, Gillett, Millerton, LeRaysville, Towanda, Rome, the
 Mansfield Wal-Mart Super Center, Mill Hall, Schuylkill Haven, Friedensburg, Mt. Aetna, Fredericksburg, Mount Joy, Fivepointville, Kennett Square, State College and two branches near the city of Lebanon, Pennsylvania. In November of 2022, we
 opened a full service branch in Ephrata, Pennsylvania. We also have a limited branch office in Winfield, Pennsylvania. In New York, our office is in Wellsville. As part of the MidCoast acquisition in 2020, we aquired two branches in Wilmington
 Delaware, one branch in Dover Delaware, and a corporate administration building in Wilmington, Delaware. In November of 2022, we opened a full service branch in Greenville, Delaware.

Risk identification and management are essential elements for the successful management of the Company. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various types of risk,
 including interest rate, credit, liquidity, reputational and regulatory risk.

Interest rate risk is the sensitivity of net interest income and the market value of financial instruments to the direction and frequency of changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk results
 from various re-pricing frequencies and the maturity structure of the financial instruments owned by the Company. The Company uses its asset/liability and funds management policies to control and manage interest rate risk.

Credit risk represents the possibility that a customer may not perform in accordance with contractual terms. Credit risk results from loans with customers and the purchasing of securities. The
 Company s primary credit risk is in the loan portfolio. The Company manages credit risk by adhering to an established credit policy and through a disciplined evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. Also, the investment
 policy limits the amount of credit risk that may be taken in the investment portfolio.

Liquidity risk represents the inability to generate or otherwise obtain funds at reasonable rates to satisfy commitments to borrowers and obligations to depositors. The Company has established
 guidelines within its asset/liability and funds management policy to manage liquidity risk. These guidelines include, among other things, contingent funding alternatives.

Reputational risk, or the risk to our business, earnings, liquidity, and capital from negative public opinion, could result from our actual or alleged conduct in a variety of areas, including
 legal and regulatory compliance, lending practices, corporate governance, litigation, ethical issues, or inadequate protection of customer information, which could include identify theft, or theft of customer information through third parties. We
 expend significant resources to comply with regulatory requirements. Failure to comply could result in reputational harm or significant legal or remedial costs. Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract new
 customers, and adversely impact our earnings and liquidity.

Regulatory risk represents the possibility that a change in law, regulations or regulatory policy may have a material effect on the business of the Company and its subsidiary. We cannot predict
 what legislation might be enacted or what regulations might be adopted, or if adopted, the effect thereof on our operations.

Readers should carefully review the risk factors described in other documents the Company files with the SEC, including the annual reports on Form 10-K, the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and any
 current reports on Form 8-K filed by us.

21 

Index 

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The following table sets forth certain financial data as of and for each of the years in the five year period ended December 31, 2022:

(in thousands, except per share data)

2022

2021

2020

2019

2018

Interest and dividend income

83,357

73,217

70,296

61,980

56,758

Interest expense

11,223

7,105

8,105

12,040

9,574

Net interest income

72,134

66,112

62,191

49,940

47,184

Provision for loan losses

1,683

1,550

2,400

1,675

1,925

Net interest income after provision

 for loan losses

70,451

64,562

59,791

48,265

45,259

Non-interest income

9,999

11,754

11,158

8,242

7,754

Investment securities gains (losses), net

(261

551

264

144

(19

Non-interest expenses

44,694

41,550

40,847

33,341

31,557

Income before provision for income taxes

35,495

35,317

30,366

23,310

21,437

Provision for income taxes

6,435

6,199

5,263

3,820

3,403

Net income

29,060

29,118

25,103

19,490

18,034

Per share data:

Net income - Basic (1)

7.32

7.31

6.46

5.36

4.93

Net income - Diluted (1)

7.32

7.31

6.46

5.36

4.93

Cash dividends declared (1)

1.90

1.84

1.88

1.73

1.67

Stock dividend

1

1

1

1

1

Book value (1) (2)

58.74

53.39

47.93

42.68

39.17

End of Period Balances:

Total assets

2,333,393

2,143,863

1,891,674

1,466,339

1,430,712

Available for sale securities

439,506

412,402

295,189

240,706

241,010

Loans

1,724,999

1,441,533

1,405,281

1,115,569

1,081,883

Allowance for loan losses

18,552

17,304

15,815

13,845

12,884

Total deposits

1,844,208

1,836,511

1,588,858

1,211,118

1,185,156

Total borrowings

257,278

73,977

88,838

85,117

91,194

Stockholders' equity

200,147

212,492

194,259

157,774

139,229

Key Ratios

Return on assets (net income to average total assets)

1.29

1.45

1.46

1.34

1.29

Return on equity (net income to average total equity)

12.98

14.26

14.21

13.00

13.00

Equity to asset ratio (average equity to average total assets,

 excluding other comprehensive income)

9.93

10.20

10.27

10.31

9.90

Net interest margin (tax equivalent) (3)

3.41

3.52

3.92

3.72

3.66

Efficiency (4)

52.55

51.57

53.62

54.27

55.04

Dividend payout ratio (dividends declared divided by net income)

26.11

25.36

29.32

32.40

34.08

Tier 1 leverage (5)

9.03

9.31

9.16

9.77

9.15

Common equity risk based capital (5)

10.92

12.03

11.22

12.11

11.47

Tier 1 risk-based capital (5)

11.32

12.53

11.75

12.79

12.18

Total risk-based capital (5)

12.87

14.35

12.86

14.04

13.42

Nonperforming assets/total loans

0.43

0.61

0.93

1.38

1.33

Nonperforming loans/total loans

0.40

0.53

0.80

1.08

1.27

Allowance for loan losses/total loans

1.08

1.20

1.13

1.24

1.19

Net (recoveries)charge-offs/average loans

0.03

0.00

0.03

0.06

0.02

(1) 

Amounts were adjusted to reflect stock dividends.

(2) 

Calculation excludes accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).

(3) 

Tax adjusted net interest income to average interest-earning assets. Tax adjusted net Interest income is a non-gaap measure and is reconciled to the GAAP equivalent measure on page 25 of this 10-K.

(4) 

Bank non-interest expenses to tax adjusted net interest income and non-interest income, excluding security gains. Tax adjusted net Interest income is a non-gaap measure and is reconciled to the GAAP
 equivalent measure on page 30 of this 10k. The efficiency ratio calculated using non-tax effected net interest income was 53.22 52.21 , 54.50 , 55.36 and 56.26 , for the years ended 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

(5) 

Ratio calculated on consolidated level

22 

Index 

TRUST AND INVESTMENT SERVICES; OIL AND GAS SERVICES

Our Investment and Trust Division is committed to helping our customers meet their financial goals. The Trust Division offers professional trust administration, investment management services,
 estate planning and administration, custody of securities and individual retirement accounts. In addition to traditional trust and investment services offered, we assist our customers through various oil and gas specific leasing matters from
 lease negotiations to establishing a successful approach to personal wealth management. Assets held by the Bank in a fiduciary or agency capacity for its customers are not included in the consolidated financial statements since such items are not
 assets of the Bank. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets owned and invested by customers of the Bank through the Bank s investment representatives totaled 283.5 million and 282.1 million, respectively. Additionally, as summarized in the
 table below, the Trust Department had assets under management as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 150.0 million and 154.8 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 12.9 million of new trust accounts were opened, 10.2
 million of additional contributions to trust accounts, 12.8 million distributed from trust accounts, and 700,000 of accounts were closed. As a result of market fluctuations, the fair value of the trust accounts decreased approximately 14.4
 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table reflects trust accounts by investment type and structure:

(market values - in thousands)

2022

2021

INVESTMENTS:

Bonds

13,497

8,640

Stock

33,659

22,099

Savings and Money Market Funds

14,813

11,587

Mutual Funds

75,700

105,233

Mineral interests

8,465

2,959

Mortgages

783

856

Real Estate

1,965

2,099

Miscellaneous

847

942

Cash

302

425

TOTAL

150,031

154,840

ACCOUNTS:

Trusts

47,762

46,953

Guardianships

400

443

Employee Benefits

50,883

62,149

Investment Management

50,985

45,293

Custodial

1

2

TOTAL

150,031

154,840

Our financial consultants offer full service brokerage and financial planning services throughout the Bank s market areas. Appointments can be made at any Bank branch. Products such as mutual
 funds, annuities, health and life insurance are made available through our insurance subsidiary, First Citizens Insurance Agency, Inc.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 29,060,000, which represents a decrease of 58,000, or 0.2 , when compared to 2021. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was
 29,118,000, which represents an increase of 4,015,000, or 16.0 , when compared to 2020. Basic and diluted earnings per share were 7.32, 7.31 and 6.46 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Net income is influenced by five key components: net interest income, provision for loan losses, non-interest income, non-interest expenses, and the provision for income taxes.

Net Interest Income

The most significant source of revenue is net interest income; the amount by which interest earned on interest-earning assets exceeds interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Factors that
 influence net interest income are changes in volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities as well as changes in the associated interest rates.

The following table sets forth the Company s average balances of, and the interest earned or incurred on, each principal category of assets, liabilities and stockholders equity, the related
 rates, net interest income and rate spread created.

23 

Index 

Analysis of Average Balances and Interest Rates

2022

2021

2020

(dollars in thousands)

Average

 Balance

 (1) 

Interest

Average

 Rate

Average

 Balance (1)

Interest

Average

 Rate

Average

 Balance (1)

Interest

Average

 Rate

ASSETS

Short-term investments:

Interest-bearing deposits at banks

52,655

171

0.32

108,872

124

0.11

41,330

37

0.09

Total short-term investments

52,655

171

0.32

108,872

124

0.11

41,330

37

0.09

Interest bearing time deposits at banks

8,352

229

2.75

12,527

323

2.57

14,139

364

2.57

Investment securities:

Taxable

372,430

6,238

1.68

252,470

4,198

1.66

188,241

4,488

2.38

Tax-exempt (3)

120,592

3,106

2.58

104,379

2,786

2.67

80,131

2,366

2.95

Total investment securities (3)

493,022

9,344

1.90

356,849

6,984

1.96

268,372

6,854

2.55

Loans:

Residential mortgage loans

204,063

9,712

4.76

203,062

9,867

4.86

210,696

11,161

5.30

Construction loans

73,214

3,298

4.50

56,315

2,292

4.07

26,343

1,288

4.89

Commercial Loans

854,460

41,155

4.82

739,000

36,215

4.90

590,469

31,087

5.26

Agricultural Loans

347,420

15,387

4.43

349,951

15,079

4.31

357,201

16,022

4.49

Loans to state political subdivisions (3)

56,004

1,863

3.33

52,804

1,871

3.54

86,143

3,458

4.01

ConsumerOther loans

58,715

3,201

5.45

24,125

1,385

5.74

20,986

1,185

5.65

Loans, net of discount (2)(3)(4)

1,593,876

74,616

4.68

1,425,257

66,709

4.68

1,291,838

64,201

4.97

Total interest-earning assets

2,147,905

84,360

3.93

1,903,505

74,140

3.89

1,615,679

71,456

4.42

Cash and due from banks

6,708

6,525

7,487

Bank premises and equipment

17,287

17,194

17,286

Other assets

84,066

75,410

79,305

Total non-interest earning assets

108,061

99,129

104,078

Total assets

2,255,966

2,002,634

1,719,757

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Interest-bearing liabilities:

NOW accounts

520,895

2,425

0.47

457,189

1,387

0.30

383,931

1,102

0.29

Savings accounts

323,939

421

0.13

290,376

322

0.11

241,429

476

0.20

Money market accounts

343,288

2,004

0.58

257,937

684

0.27

205,142

1,012

0.49

Certificates of deposit

299,110

2,466

0.82

351,265

3,444

0.98

345,397

4,261

1.23

Total interest-bearing deposits

1,487,232

7,316

0.49

1,356,767

5,837

0.43

1,175,899

6,851

0.58

Other borrowed funds

149,661

3,907

2.61

84,621

1,268

1.50

93,237

1,254

1.34

Total interest-bearing liabilities

1,636,893

11,223

0.69

1,441,388

7,105

0.49

1,269,136

8,105

0.64

Demand deposits

374,675

341,604

257,285

Other liabilities

20,443

15,420

16,662

Total non-interest-bearing liabilities

95,118

357,024

273,947

Stockholders' equity

223,955

204,222

176,674

Total liabilities stockholders' equity

2,255,966

2,002,634

1,719,757

Net interest income

73,137

67,035

63,351

Net interest spread (5)

3.24

3.40

3.78

Net interest income as a percentage 

of average interest-earning assets

3.41

3.52

3.92

Ratio of interest-earning assets 

to interest-bearing liabilities

131.00

132.00

127.00

(1)

Averages are based on daily averages.

(2)

Includes loan origination and commitment fees.

(3)

Tax exempt interest revenue is shown on a tax equivalent basis for proper comparison using a statutory federal income tax rate of 21 for 2022, 2021 and 2020.

(4)

Income on non-accrual loans is accounted for on a cash basis, and the loan balances are included in interest-earning assets.

(5)

Interest rate spread represents the difference between the average rate earned on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities.

For purposes of the comparison, as well as the discussion that follows, this presentation facilitates performance comparisons between taxable and tax-free assets by increasing the tax-free income
 by an amount equivalent to the Federal income taxes that would have been paid if this income were taxable at the Federal statutory rate for the corresponding year. Accordingly, tax equivalent adjustments for investments and loans have been made
 accordingly to the previous table for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively (in thousands):

24 

Index 

2022

2021

2020

Interest and dividend income from investment securities,

 interest bearing time deposits and short-term investments (non-tax adjusted) (GAAP)

9,092

6,846

6,758

Tax equivalent adjustment

652

585

497

Interest and dividend income from investment securities,

 interest bearing time deposits and short-term investments (tax equivalent basis) (Non-GAAP)

9,744

7,431

7,255

2022

2021

2020

Interest and fees on loans (non-tax adjusted) (GAAP)

74,265

66,371

63,538

Tax equivalent adjustment

351

338

663

Interest and fees on loans (tax equivalent basis) (Non-GAAP)

74,616

66,709

64,201

2022

2021

2020

Total interest income

83,357

73,217

70,296

Total interest expense

11,223

7,105

8,105

Net interest income (GAAP)

72,134

66,112

62,191

Total tax equivalent adjustment

1,003

923

1,160

Net interest income (tax equivalent basis) (Non-GAAP)

73,137

67,035

63,351

The following table shows the tax-equivalent effect of changes in volume and rates on interest income and expense (in thousands):

Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income on a Tax-Equivalent Basis 

2022 vs. 2021 (1)

2021 vs. 2020 (1)

Change in

 Volume

Change

 in Rate

Total

 Change

Change in

 Volume

Change

 in Rate

Total

 Change

Interest Income:

Short-term investments:

Interest-bearing deposits at banks

(18

65

47

73

14

87

Interest bearing time deposits at banks

(118

24

(94

(41

-

(41

Investment securities:

Taxable

2,010

30

2,040

1,287

(1,577

(290

Tax-exempt

414

(94

320

615

(195

420

Total investment securities

2,424

(64

2,360

1,902

(1,772

130

Total investment income

2,288

25

2,313

1,934

(1,758

176

Loans:

Residential mortgage loans

49

(204

(155

(394

(900

(1,294

Construction loans

742

264

1,006

1,177

(173

1,004

Commercial Loans

5,549

(609

4,940

7,074

(1,946

5,128

Agricultural Loans

(108

416

308

(321

(622

(943

Loans to state political subdivisions

110

(118

(8

(1,218

(369

(1,587

Other loans

1,882

(66

1,816

180

20

200

Total loans, net of discount

8,224

(317

7,907

6,498

(3,990

2,508

Total Interest Income

10,512

(292

10,220

8,432

(5,748

2,684

Interest Expense:

Interest-bearing deposits:

NOW accounts

215

823

1,038

219

66

285

Savings accounts

40

59

99

133

(287

(154

Money Market accounts

285

1,035

1,320

410

(738

(328

Certificates of deposit

(473

(505

(978

73

(890

(817

Total interest-bearing deposits

67

1,412

1,479

835

(1,849

(1,014

Other borrowed funds

1,343

1,296

2,639

(60

74

14

Total interest expense

1,410

2,708

4,118

775

(1,775

(1,000

Net interest income

9,102

(3,000

6,102

7,657

(3,973

3,684

(1)

The portion of the total change attributable to both volume and rate changes during the year has been allocated to volume and rate components based upon the absolute dollar amount of the change in
 each component prior to allocation.

2022 vs. 2021

Tax equivalent net interest income for 2022 was 73,137,000 compared to 67,035,000 for 2021, an increase of 6,102,000 or 9.1 . Total interest income increased 10,220,000, as loan interest
 income increased 7,907,000, and total investment income increased 2,313,000. Interest expense increased 4,118,000 from 2021.

25 

Index 

Total tax equivalent interest income from investment securities increased 2,360,000 in 2022 from 2021. The average balance of investment securities increased 136.2 million, which had an effect
 of increasing interest income by 2,424,000 due to volume. The majority of the increase in volume was in taxable securities, which experienced an increase in the average balance of 120.0 million. The average tax-effected yield on our investment
 portfolio decreased from 1.96 in 2021 to 1.90 in 2022. The decrease in the tax-effected yield is attributable to purchases made prior to 2022, which were made in a lower rate environment. As a result of the yield on investment securities
 decreasing 6 basis points (bps) to 1.90 , interest income on investment securities decreased 64,000, with the decrease related to tax-exempt securities. The investment strategy for 2022 was to utilize excess cash, cashflows from the investment
 portfolio and deposit inflows to purchase U.S. treasury securities, due to a limited spread between US treasuries and agencies, mortgage backed securities issued by government sponsored entities and obligations of state and political securities.
 The increase in the investment portfolio was in response to the deposit inflows that occurred in 2021 and the first half of 2022. We continually monitor interest rate trading ranges and try to focus purchases to times when rates are in the top of
 the trading range. The Bank believes its investment strategy has appropriately mitigated its interest rate risk exposure for various rate environments, while providing sufficient cashflows to meet liquidity needs.

In total, loan interest income increased 7,907,000 in 2022 from 2021. The average balance of our loan portfolio increased by 168.6 million in 2022 compared to 2021, which resulted in an
 increase in interest income of 8,224,000 due to volume. The increase in the average balance of loans was driven by in large part by growth in the Delaware market during 2022. While the Bank s other markets experienced loan growth, it was not to
 the extent experienced in Delaware. The average tax-effected yield on our loan portfolio was 4.68 for both 2022 and 2021 and a small decrease in loan interest income of 317,000 was due to rate. The tax-effected yield remained steady due to 2021
 benefitting from additional PPP amortization of 2,061,000 compared to 2022, otherwise the yield on loans 2022 would have exceeded 2021.

Interest income on residential mortgage loans decreased 155,000. The average balance of residential mortgage loans increased 1.0 million, resulting in an increase of 49,000 due to volume. The
 change due to rate was a decrease of 204,000 as the average yield on residential mortgages decreased from 4.86 in 2021 to 4.76 in 2022 as a result of the lower rate environment prior to 2022. The increase in market interest rates
 during 2022 resulted in a significant slowdown in residential lending activity.

The average balance of construction loans increased 16.9 million from 2021 to 2022 as a result of projects in our south central Pennsylvania market and Delaware market, which resulted in an increase
 of 742,000 in interest income. The average yield on construction loans increased from 4.07 to 4.50 , which correlated to a 264,000 increase in interest income.

Interest income on commercial loans increased 4,940,000 from 2021 to 2022. The increase in the average balance of commercial loans of 115.5 million is attributable to the Delaware market. The
 increase in the average balance of these loans resulted in an increase in interest income due to volume of 5,549,000. Our lenders have been able to attract and retain loan relationships in their markets by providing excellent
 customer service and having attractive products. We believe our lenders are adept at customizing and structuring loans to customers that meet their needs and satisfy our commitment to credit quality. In many cases, the Bank works
 with the Small Business Administration (SBA) guaranteed loan programs to offset credit risk and to further promote economic growth in our market area. The average yield on commercial loans decreased 8 basis points to 4.82 in 2022,
 resulting in a decrease in interest income due to rate of 609,000. The decrease in yield on commercial loans was due to PPP amortization decreasing 2,061,000 in 2022 compared to 2021.

Interest income on agricultural loans increased 308,000 from 2021 to 2022. The decrease in the average balance of agricultural loans of 2.5 million is primarily attributable to the south central
 Pennsylvania market. The decrease in the average balance of these loans resulted in a decrease in interest income due to volume of 108,000. The average yield on agricultural loans increased from 4.31 in 2021 to 4.43 in 2022 due
 to a general increase in market rates, resulting in an increase in interest income due to rate of 416,000. We believe our lenders are adept at customizing, understanding and have the expertise to structure loans for customers that
 meet their needs and satisfy our commitment to credit quality. In many cases, the Bank works with the United States Department of Agriculture s (USDA) guaranteed loan programs to offset credit risk and to further promote economic
 growth in our market area.

26 

Index 

The average balance of loans to state and political subdivisions increased 3.2 million from 2021 to 2022 which had a positive impact of 110,000 on total interest income due to volume was due to
 customers issuing debt for various public service projects that the Bank was able to finance. The average tax equivalent yield on loans to state and political subdivisions decreased from 3.54 in 2021 to 3.33 in 2022, decreasing
 interest income by 118,000.

The average balance of other loans increased 34.6 million as a result of an increase in outstanding student loans. This resulted in an increase of 1,882,000 on total interest income due to volume.
 The average tax equivalent yield on other loans decreased from 5.74 in 2021 to 5.45 in 2022, decreasing interest income by 66,000 in other loans

Total interest expense increased 4,118,000 in 2022 compared to 2021. The majority of the increase was due to an increase in the average rate paid on interest bearing liabilities of 20 basis
 points to 0.69 . This increase resulted in an increase in interest expense of 2,708,000. The increase in rates was driven by the Federal Reserve s response to inflation during 2022 by increasing interest rates. The average rate on money markets
 increased from 0.27 to 0.58 resulting in an increase in interest expense of 1,035,000. The average rate paid on savings accounts increased 2 bps and resulted in an increase in interest expense of 59,000. The average rate paid on NOW accounts
 increased from 0.30 to 0.47 resulting in an increase in interest expense of 823,000. The average rate paid on other borrowed funds increased from 1.50 to 2.61 resulting in an increase in interest expense of 1,296,000. The average rate on
 certificates of deposit decreased from 0.98 to 0.82 resulting in a decrease in interest expense of 505,000.

Average interest-bearing liabilities increased 195.5 million in 2022, with average interest-bearing deposits increasing 130.5 million and average other borrowings increasing 65.0 million. As a
 result of the increase in average deposits, interest expense increased 1,410,000 as result of the change in volume. Increases in average deposits, which were primarily driven by organic growth across all markets of the Bank, included NOW
 accounts of 63.7 million, savings accounts of 33.6 million and money market accounts of 85.4 million. Certificates of deposits decreased 52.2 million as maturing balances were not placed into term products. The combined impact to interest
 expense of these increases in deposits was a 67,000 increase. The average balance of other borrowed funds increased 60.5 million due to funding loan growth, which corresponds to an increase in interest expense of 1,343,000.

Our tax equivalent net interest margin for 2022 was 3.41 compared to 3.52 for 2021, with the change attributable to the yield of interest-earning assets increasing less than the cost from
 interest-bearing liabilities during 2022. Interest rates increased dramatically in 2022 in response to historically high inflation forcing the Federal Reserve to aggressively tighten monetary policy at a pace and levels not seen in decades. The
 year began with accelerating inflation that was exacerbated by the Russian invasion of Ukraine driving energy prices higher with crude oil peaking at 130 a barrel in early March. Other commodities prices followed oils lead reaching extremely
 high levels and adding to inflationary fears. The Federal Reserve completely abandoned their belief that inflation would prove transitory and began to tighten monetary policy by both reducing the size of its balance sheet and increasing
 over-night borrowing rates. Coming into the year the Central Bank s official forecast was for a total increase in rates by 0.75 , but inflation continued to climb to levels not seen since the early 1980 s pushing the Fed Reserve into a series of
 75-basis point increases then ending the year with a 50-basis point hike in December for a total increase of 4.25 . The result of these moves created an inverted Treasury yield curve with every maturity from 1 month T-Bills to 7 year Treasuries
 all yielding more than the 10 year Treasury. The closely followed 2-year to 10-year Treasury spread started the year at a positive 88-basis points and ended the year at a negative 55-basis points. The 2-year Treasury started the year at 0.78 
 and ended the year at 4.43 while the 10-year Treasury s move was from 1.56 to 3.88 . Commodities prices eased in the second half of the year and inflation measures fell as a result, but a strong labor market kept wage inflation high pressuring
 the Federal Reserve to remain resolute in maintaining an aggressive tightening monetary policy. Treasury yields ended the year well below the peak as the inverted yield curve increased concerns the Federal Reserve s would make a policy error.

2021 vs. 2020

Tax equivalent net interest income for 2021 was 67,035,000 compared to 63,351,000 for 2020, an increase of 3,684,000 or 5.8 . Total interest income increased 2,684,000, as loan interest
 income increased 2,508,000, and total investment income increased 176,000. Interest expense decreased 1,000,000 from 2020.

27 

Index 

Total tax equivalent interest income from investment securities increased 130,000 in 2021 from 2020. The average balance of investment securities increased 88.5 million, which had an effect of
 increasing interest income by 1,902,000 due to volume. The majority of the increase in volume was in tax-exempt securities, which experienced an increase in the average balance of 64.2 million. The average tax-effected yield on our investment
 portfolio decreased from 2.55 in 2020 to 1.96 in 2021. The decrease in the tax-effected yield is attributable to purchases made in a lower rate environment. As a result of the yield on investment securities decreasing 59 basis points (bps) to
 1.96 , interest income on investment securities decreased 1,772,000, with the decrease primarily related to taxable securities. The investment strategy for 2021 was to utilize cashflows from the investment portfolio and deposit inflows to
 purchase U.S. treasury securities, mortgage backed securities issued by government sponsored entities and obligations of state and political securities. The increase in the investment portfolio was in response to the deposit inflows that occurred
 in 2021.

In total, loan interest income increased 2,508,000 in 2021 from 2020. The average balance of our loan portfolio increased by 133.4 million in 2021 compared to 2020, which resulted in an
 increase in interest income of 6,498,000 due to volume. The increase in the average balance of loans was driven by the MidCoast acquisition from 2020, which was outstanding for the entire year and loan growth that occurred primarily in the
 Delaware market. The average tax-effected yield on our loan portfolio decreased 29 basis points to 4.68 in 2021, resulting in a decrease in loan interest income of 3,990,000. The decrease in the tax-effected yield was due to the lower rate
 environment promoted by the Federal Reserve in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Interest income on residential mortgage loans decreased 1,294,000. The average balance of residential mortgage loans decreased 7.6 million, resulting in a decrease of 394,000 due to volume. The
 decrease in loans was due to loans being refinanced and sold on the secondary market. The change due to rate was a decrease of 900,000 as the average yield on residential mortgages decreased from 5.30 in 2020 to 4.86 in 2021 as a
 result of the lower rate environment during the year as a result of COVID-19 pandemic.

The average balance of construction loans increased 30.0 million from 2020 to 2021 as a result of projects in our south central Pennsylvania market and Delaware market, which resulted in an increase
 of 1,177,000 in interest income. The average yield on construction loans decreased from 4.89 to 4.07 , which correlated to a 173,000 decrease in interest income.

Interest income on commercial loans increased 5,128,000 from 2020 to 2021. The increase in the average balance of commercial loans of 148.5 million is attributable to the MidCoast acquisition and
 growth in the Delaware market. The increase in the average balance of these loans resulted in an increase in interest income due to volume of 7,074,000. The average yield on commercial loans decreased 36 basis points to 4.90 in
 2021, resulting in a decrease in interest income due to rate of 1,946,000.

Interest income on agricultural loans decreased 943,000 from 2020 to 2021. The decrease in the average balance of agricultural loans of 7.3 million was primarily attributable to the south central
 Pennsylvania market. The decrease in the average balance of these loans resulted in a decrease in interest income due to volume of 321,000. The average yield on agricultural loans decreased from 4.49 in 2020 to 4.31 in 2021 due
 to a general decrease in rates, resulting in a decrease in interest income due to rate of 622,000.

The average balance of loans to state and political subdivisions decreased 33.3 million from 2020 to 2021 which had a negative impact of 1,218,000 on total interest income due to volume was due to
 customers refinancing through the municipal bond market. The average tax equivalent yield on loans to state and political subdivisions decreased from 4.01 in 2020 to 3.54 in 2021, decreasing interest income by 369,000.

The average balance of other loans increased 3.1 million as a result of an increase in outstanding student loans. This resulted in an increase of 180,000 on total interest income due to volume. The
 average tax equivalent yield on other loans increased from 5.65 in 2020 to 5.74 in 2021, increasing interest income by 20,000 in other loans

28 

Index 

Total interest expense decreased 1,000,000 in 2021 compared to 2020. The majority of the decrease was due to a decrease in the average rate paid on interest bearing deposits of 15 basis points
 to 0.43 . This decrease resulted in a decrease in interest expense of 1,849,000. The decrease in rates was driven by the Federal Reserve s response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The average rate on certificates of deposit decreased from 1.23 to
 0.98 resulting in a decrease in interest expense of 890,000. The average rate on money markets decreased from 0.49 to 0.27 resulting in a decrease in interest expense of 738,000. The average rate paid on savings accounts decreased 9 bps and
 resulted in a decrease in interest expense of 287,000. The average rate paid on other borrowed funds increased from 1.34 to 1.50 resulting in an increase in interest expense of 74,000 and was due to interest expense on debt issued in 2021.

Average interest-bearing liabilities increased 172.3 million in 2021, with average interest-bearing deposits increasing 180.9 million and average other borrowings decreasing 8.6 million. As a
 result of the increase in average deposits, interest expense increased 835,000 as result of the change in volume. Increases in average deposits, which were primarily driven by organic growth across all markets of the Bank, included NOW accounts
 of 73.3 million, savings accounts of 48.9 million, money market accounts of 52.8 million and certificates of deposits of 5.9 million. The combined impact to interest expense of these increases was 835,000. The average balance of other
 borrowed funds decreased 8.6 million, which corresponds to a decrease in interest expense of 60,000.

Our tax equivalent net interest margin for 2021 was 3.52 compared to 3.92 for 2020, with the change attributable to the yield of interest-earning assets decreasing more than the cost from
 interest-bearing liabilities during 2021. Interest rates rose in 2021 in response to shifting expectations for fiscal policy and an enduring pandemic that continued to hamper economic activity, strengthening and prolonging unusually strong
 inflationary pressures and altering the expected path of monetary policy.

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a provision for loan losses of 1,683,000. The provision for 2022 was 133,000, or 8.6 , higher than the provision in 2021. The increase in the
 provision for loan losses was primarily due to organic loan growth in 2022 compared to 2021 offset by the improved economic outlook compared to 2021 that was impacted more by the Covid-19 pandemic. (see also Financial Condition Allowance for
 Loan Losses and Credit Quality Risk ).

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a provision for loan losses of 1,550,000. The provision for 2021 was 850,000, or 35.4 , lower than the provision in 2020. The decrease in the
 provision for loan losses was primarily the result of the impact the COVID-19 pandemic had on the economy in 2020 and limited organic growth in 2021 compared to 2020. (see also Financial Condition Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Quality
 Risk ).

NON-INTEREST INCOME

The following table reflects non-interest income by major category for the years ended December 31 (dollars in thousands):

2022

2021

2020

Service charges

5,346

4,755

4,221

Trust

803

865

803

Brokerage and insurance

1,895

1,625

1,297

Equity security gains (losses), net

(247

339

(41

Available for sale security gains (losses), net

(14

212

305

Gains on loans sold

258

1,283

2,168

Earnings on bank owned life insurance

852

1,828

695

Other

845

1,398

1,974

Total

9,738

12,305

11,422

29 

Index 

2022/2021

 Change

2021/2020

 Change

Amount

Amount

Service charges

591

12.4

534

12.7

Trust

(62

(7.2

62

7.7

Brokerage and insurance

270

16.6

328

25.3

Equity security gains (losses), net

(586

(172.9

380

(926.8

Available for sale security gains (losses), net

(226

(106.6

(93

(30.5

Gains on loans sold

(1,025

(79.9

(885

(40.8

Earnings on bank owned life insurance

(976

(53.4

1,133

163.0

Other

(553

(39.6

(576

(29.2

Total

(2,567

(20.9

883

7.7

2022 vs. 2021

Non-interest income decreased 2,567,000 in 2022 from 2021, or 20.9 . We experienced a 14,000 net loss on available for sale securities in 2022 compared to net gains totaling 212,000 in 2021.
 During 2022, we sold 7.5 million of US Agency securities for a pre-tax loss of 14,000. During 2021, we sold 17.2 million of US treasury securities for a pre-tax gain of 177,000 and 12.0 million of US Agency securities for a pre-tax gain of
 35,000 to take advantage of market conditions at the time of the sales. During 2022, net equity security losses amounted to 247,000 as a result of market conditions experienced in 2022 compared to gains of 339,000 last year.

Gains on loans sold decreased 1,025,000 compared to last year. The decrease in gains on loans sold is attributable to a 41.6 million, or 74.8 decrease in the proceeds from the sale of
 residential mortgages loans as a result of the increase in mortgage interest rates. The increase in service charges of 591,000 for 2022 is attributable to an increase in customer spending in 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease in other income is
 due to fees on offering derivative contracts for certain customers, that provided the customer with fixed rate loans, which generated fee income of 88,000 in 2022 compared to 494,000 in 2021. The decrease in earnings on bank owned life
 insurance is due to two former employees of the Company passing during the first quarter of 2021, which generated a death benefit payable to the Company of 1,155,000. The increase in brokerage and insurance commissions was attributable to growth
 in our south central and north central, Pennsylvania markets.

2021 vs. 2020

Non-interest income increased 883,000 in 2021 from 2020, or 7.7 . We experienced a 212,000 net gain on available for sale securities in 2021 compared to net gains totaling 305,000 in 2020.
 During 2021, we sold 17.2 million of US treasury securities for a pre-tax gain of 177,000 and 12.0 million of US Agency securities for a pre-tax gain of 35,000 to take advantage of market conditions at the time of the sales. During 2020, we
 sold 19 mortgage backed securities for a net gain of 305,000 to lock in gains that benefitted from the Federal Reserve investment purchase program in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. During 2021, net equity security gains amounted to 339,000
 as a result of market gains experienced in 2021 compared to losses of 41,000 in 2020 associated with the Covid-19 pandemic.

Gains on loans sold decreased 885,000 compared to 2020. The decrease in gains on loans sold was attributable to a 20.2 million, or 26.6 decrease in the proceeds from the sale of residential
 mortgages loans. The increase in service charges of 534,000 for 2021 was attributable to the Bank s response to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and an increase in customer spending in 2021 compared to 2020 which was impacted by mandatory stay at
 home orders as customers ate out less and spent less on discretionary items. The decrease in other income was due to fees on offering derivative contracts for certain customers, that provided the customer with fixed rate loans, which generated
 fee income of 494,000 in 2021 compared to 1,373,000 in 2020. The increase in earnings on bank owned life insurance was due to two former employees of the Company passing during the first quarter of 2021, which generated a death benefit payable
 to the Company of 1,155,000. The increase in brokerage and insurance commissions was attributable to growth in our south central and north central, Pennsylvania markets.

Non-interest Expenses

The following tables reflect the breakdown of non-interest expense by major category for the years ended December 31 (dollars in thousands):

30 

Index 

2022

2021

2020

Salaries and employee benefits

27,837

25,902

24,190

Occupancy

3,138

2,966

2,557

Furniture and equipment

565

519

757

Professional fees

1,891

1,526

1,517

FDIC insurance

676

522

476

Pennsylvania shares tax

907

880

868

Amortization of intangibles

156

192

216

Merger and acquisition

-

-

2,179

ORE expenses

17

439

451

Software expenses

1,446

1,321

1,155

Other

8,061

7,283

6,481

Total

44,694

41,550

40,847

2022/2021

 Change

2021/2020

 Change

Amount

Amount

Salaries and employee benefits

1,935

7.5

1,712

7.1

Occupancy

172

5.8

409

16.0

Furniture and equipment

46

8.9

(238

(31.4

Professional fees

365

23.9

9

0.6

FDIC insurance

154

29.5

46

9.7

Pennsylvania shares tax

27

3.1

12

1.4

Amortization of intangibles

(36

(18.8

(24

(11.1

Merger and acquisition

-

NA

(2,179

(100.0

ORE expenses

(422

(96.1

(12

(2.7

Software expenses

125

9.5

166

14.4

Other

778

10.7

802

12.4

Total

3,144

7.6

703

1.7

2022 vs. 2021

Non-interest expenses for 2022 totaled 44,694,000, which represents an increase of 3,144,000, compared to 2021 expenses of 41,550,000. Salaries and employee benefits increased 1,935,000 or
 7.5 . The increase was due to merit increases effective at the beginning of 2022, additional headcount 14.7 FTEs added during 2022 and increased health care related expenses due to actual claims of employees. Employee commissions related to
 brokerage and insurance commissions increased due to the increased sales in 2022 compared to 2021.

The increase in occupancy expenses is due to the additional branches opened during 2022 and higher utility and maintenance expenses. The increase in professional fees was due to 250,000 of fees
 associated with the recently announced HVB merger that is expected to close in the first half of 2023. The increase in other expenses is additional marketing expenses, primarily in the Delaware market, charge-offs associated with fraudulent
 customer account activity, appraisal fees, travel related expenses as the economy reopens from pandemic related issues and the Delaware franchise tax due to growth in that market. The decrease in ORE expenses is due to gains on sales of ORE
 properties experienced during 2022.

2021 vs. 2020

Non-interest expenses for 2021 totaled 41,550,000, which represents an increase of 703,000, compared to 2020 expenses of 40,847,000. Salaries and employee benefits increased 1,712,000 or
 7.1 . The increase was due to merit increases effective at the beginning of 2021, additional headcount as part of the MidCoast acquisition and servicing the Delaware market and increased profit sharing expenses due to increased profitability of
 the Company. Employee commissions related to brokerage and insurance commissions increased due to the increased sales in 2021 compared to 2020.

The increase in occupancy expenses was due to the additional branches acquired as part of the MidCoast acquisition and the Kennett Square branch as they are included for a full year in 2021. The
 decrease in merger and acquisition costs was due to costs associated with the MidCoast acquisition that closed in April 2020. The decrease in furniture and fixtures was due to a decrease in non-capitalized items that were purchased in 2020 to
 support the acquisition. The increase in other expenses was due to charitable contributions made in our south central Pennsylvania and Delaware markets and the Delaware franchise tax due to the performance of the Delaware market, advertising and
 promotions associated with the Delaware markets.

31 

Index 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES

The provision for income taxes was 6,435,000, 6,199,000 and 5,263,000 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The effective tax rates for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 18.1 , 17.6 and 17.3 ,
 respectively.

The increase in income tax expense of 236,000 in 2022 was due earnings on bank owned life insurance being excluded from taxable income, which was higher in 2021 than 2022, which accounts for an
 increase in income taxes of 205,000 at a 21 tax rate.

The increase in income tax expense of 936,000 in 2021 was due to the increase of 4,951,000 in income before the provision for income taxes, which accounts for an increase in tax expense of
 1,040,000 at a 21 tax rate.

We are involved in seven limited partnership agreements that operate low-income housing projects in our market areas, two of which we entered into during 2022. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we
 recognized tax credits related to one of the seven partnerships. Tax credits associated with four of the partnerships were fully utilized by December 2022. We expect to start recognizing credits on the remaining three projects in 2023. We
 anticipate recognizing an aggregate of 9.6 million of tax credits over the next thirteen years.

FINANCIAL CONDITION

The following table presents ending balances (dollars in millions), the dollar amount of change and the percentage change during the past year:

2022

 Balance

Increase

Change

2021

 Balance

Total assets

2,333.4

189.5

8.8

2,143.9

Total investments

439.5

27.1

6.6

412.4

Total loans, net

1,706.4

282.2

19.8

1,424.2

Total deposits

1,844.2

8.0

0.4

1,836.2

Total borrowings

257.3

183.3

247.7

74.0

Total stockholders' equity

200.1

(12.4

(5.8

212.5

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents totaled 26.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 172.8 million at December 31, 2021. Management actively measures and evaluates the Company s liquidity through
 our Asset Liability committee and believes its liquidity needs are satisfied by the current balance of cash and cash equivalents, readily available access to traditional funding sources, Federal Home Loan Bank financing, federal funds lines
 with correspondent banks, brokered certificates of deposit and the portion of the investment and loan portfolios that mature within one year. Management expects that these sources of funds will permit us to meet cash obligations and off-balance
 sheet commitments as they come due.

Investments

The following table shows the year-end composition of the investment portfolio, at fair value, for the two years ended December 31 (dollars in thousands):

2022

 Amount

of

 Total

2021

 Amount

of

 Total

Available-for-sale:

U. S. Agency securities

70,677

16.0

73,945

17.8

U.S. Treasuries

148,570

33.6

115,347

27.8

Obligations of state political subdivisions

110,300

25.0

112,021

27.0

Corporate obligations

9,383

2.1

10,333

2.5

Mortgage-backed securities

100,576

22.8

100,756

24.3

Equity securities

2,208

0.5

2,270

0.6

Total

441,714

100.0

414,672

100.0

32 

Index 

The Company s investment portfolio increased during 2022 by 27.0 million. This growth was fueled by purchases made in the first half of 2022 to utilize portions of the cash position. During
 2022, we purchased 53.8 million of U.S. Treasuries, 12.3 million of U.S. agencies, 33.4 million of mortgage backed securities, 18.4 million of state and local obligations and 218,000 of equity securities, which helped to offset the 19.5
 million of principal repayments and 14.1 million of calls and maturities that occurred during the year. We also sold 7.5 million of bonds at a net loss of 14,000. The fair value of our investment portfolio decreased approximately 47.9 million
 in 2022 due to increases in market interest rates. Excluding our short term investments consisting of monies held primarily at the Federal Reserve, the effective yield on our investment portfolio for 2022 was 1.90 compared to 1.96 for 2021 on a
 tax equivalent basis.

Interest rates increased dramatically in 2022 in response to historically high inflation forcing the Federal Reserve to aggressively tighten monetary policy at a pace and levels not seen in
 decades. The year began with accelerating inflation that was exacerbated by the Russian invasion of Ukraine driving energy prices higher with crude oil peaking at 130 a barrel in early March. Other commodities prices followed oils lead reaching
 extremely high levels and adding to inflationary fears. The Federal Reserve completely abandoned their belief that inflation would prove transitory and began to tighten monetary policy by both reducing the size of its balance sheet and
 increasing over-night borrowing rates. Coming into the year the Central Bank s official forecast was for a total increase in rates by 0.75 , but inflation continued to climb to levels not seen since the early 1980 s pushing the Fed Reserve into a
 series of 75-basis point increases then ending the year with a 50-basis point hike in December for a total increase of 4.25 . The result of these moves created an inverted Treasury yield curve with every maturity from 1 month T-Bills to 7 year
 Treasuries all yielding more than the 10 year Treasury. The closely followed 2-year to 10-year Treasury spread started the year at a positive 88-basis points and ended the year at a negative 55-basis points. The 2-year Treasury started the year
 at 0.78 and ended the year at 4.43 while the 10-year Treasury s move was from 1.56 to 3.88 . Commodities prices eased in the second half of the year and inflation measures fell as a result, but a strong labor market kept wage inflation high
 pressuring the Federal Reserve to remain resolute in maintaining an aggressive tightening monetary policy. Treasury yields ended the year well below the peak as the inverted yield curve increased concerns the Federal Reserve would make a policy
 error and tighten to much. The investment strategy for 2022 has been to utilize excess cash, cashflows from the investment portfolio and deposit inflows to purchase U.S. treasury securities, due to a limited spread between US treasuries and
 agencies, mortgage backed securities issued by government sponsored entities and obligations of state and political securities. The increase in the investment portfolio was in response to the deposit inflows that occurred in 2021 and the first
 half of 2022. We continually monitor interest rate trading ranges and try to focus purchases to times when rates are in the top of the trading range. The Bank believes its investment strategy has appropriately mitigated its interest rate risk
 exposure for various rate environments, while providing sufficient cashflows to meet liquidity needs.

At December 31, 2022, the Company did not own any securities, other than government-sponsored and government-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities, that had an aggregate book value in excess of
 10 of its consolidated stockholders equity at that date.

The expected principal repayments at amortized cost and average weighted yields for the investment portfolio (excluding equity securities) as of December 31, 2022, are shown below (dollars in
 thousands). Expected principal repayments, which include prepayment speed assumptions for mortgage-backed securities, are significantly different than the contractual maturities detailed in Note 4 of the consolidated financial statements. Yields
 on tax-exempt securities are presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis, assuming a 21 tax rate, which was the rate in effect at December 31, 2022.

One Year or Less

After One Year

 to Five years

After Five Years

 to Ten Years

After Ten Years

Total

Amortized

 Cost

Yield

Amortized

 Cost

Yield

Amortized

 Cost

Yield

Amortized

 Cost

Yield

Amortized

 Cost

Yield

Available-for-sale securities:

U.S. agency securities

16,660

3.4

32,447

1.9

23,354

1.8

6,095

1.5

78,556

2.2

U.S. treasuries

9,972

1.0

139,459

1.1

12,805

1.6

-

-

162,236

1.1

Obligations of state political

 Subdivisions

4,635

3.7

14,549

2.5

26,558

1.8

74,820

1.9

120,562

2.0

Corporate obligations

-

-

10,335

3.6

-

-

-

-

10,335

3.6

Mortgage-backed securities

19,121

1.0

36,394

1.5

42,271

1.4

17,518

1.4

115,304

1.4

Total available-for-sale

50,388

2.0

233,184

1.5

104,988

1.6

98,433

1.8

486,993

1.6

33 

Index 

At December 31, 2022, approximately 58.2 of the amortized cost of debt securities is expected to mature, call or pre-pay within five years or less. The Company expects that earnings from
 operations, the levels of cash held at the Federal Reserve and other correspondent banks, the high liquidity level of the available-for-sale securities, growth of deposits and the availability of borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank and
 other third party banks will be sufficient to meet future liquidity needs.

Loans Held for Sale

Loans held for sale decreased 3.8 million to 725,000 as of December 31, 2022 from December 31, 2021. The decrease in loans held for sale was due to the reduced amount of refinancings occurring
 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to the higher rate environment.

Loans

The Bank s lending efforts have historically focused on north central Pennsylvania and southern New York. With the acquisition of FNB and the opening of offices in Lancaster County, this focus
 has grown to include Lebanon, Schuylkill, Berks and Lancaster County markets of south central, Pennsylvania. We have a limited branch office in Union County that is staffed by a lending team to primarily support agricultural opportunities and
 offices in State College and Mill Hall to support commercial opportunities in central Pennsylvania, especially Centre and Clinton Counties. In April 2020, we completed the MidCoast acquisition, which expanded our markets into the State of
 Delaware with activity centered around the cities of Wilmington and Dover, Delaware. In November of 2020, we opened a branch in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania, to further serve customers obtained as part of the MidCoast acquisition, as well as to
 expand operations into Chester County, Pennsylvania. During 2022, expansion efforts continued in both Lancaster, Pennsylvania with the opening of an office in Ephrata, Pennsylvania and in Delaware with the opening of an office in Greenville,
 Delaware, which is near Wilmington, Delaware. The Bank has also received approval to open a full service branch in Williamsport, Pennsylvania that is expected to open during the summer of 2023.

We originate loans primarily through direct loans to our existing customer base, with new customers generated through the strong relationships that our lending teams have with their customers, as
 well as by referrals from real estate brokers, building contractors, attorneys, accountants, corporate and advisory board members, existing customers and the Bank s website. The Bank offers a variety of loans, although historically most of our
 lending has focused on real estate loans including residential, commercial, agricultural, and construction loans. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 85.9 of our loan portfolio consisted of real estate loans. All lending is governed by a
 lending policy that is developed and administered by management and approved by the Board of Directors.

The Bank primarily offers fixed rate residential mortgage loans with terms of up to 25 years and adjustable rate mortgage loans (with amortization schedules up to 30 years) with interest rates
 and payments that adjust based on one, three, five and 15 year fixed periods. Loan to value ratios are usually 80 or less with exceptions for individuals with excellent credit and low debt to income and/or high net worth. Adjustable rate
 mortgages are tied to a margin above the comparable Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh borrowing rate. Home equity loans are written with terms of up to 15 years at fixed rates. Home equity lines of credit are variable rate loans tied to the
 Prime Rate generally with a ten year draw period followed by a ten year repayment period. Home equity loans are typically written with a maximum 80 loan to value.

Commercial real estate loan terms are generally 20 years or less, with one to five year adjustable interest rates. The adjustable rates are typically tied to a margin above the comparable
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh borrowing rate with a typical loan to value ratio of 80 or less. During 2022 and 2021, the Bank offered certain customers derivative contracts that allowed the customer to obtain a fixed interest rate for a
 period up to 10 years. Where feasible, the Bank participates in the United States Department of Agriculture s (USDA) and Small Business Administration (SBA) guaranteed loan programs to offset credit risk and to further promote economic growth in
 our market area.

Agriculture is an important industry throughout our market areas. Therefore, the Bank has not only developed an agriculture lending team with significant experience that has a thorough
 understanding of this industry, but also continually looks for additional employees with a thorough understanding of agriculture. We have an agricultural loan policy to assist in underwriting agricultural loans. Agricultural loans are made to a
 diversified customer base that include dairy, swine and poultry farmers and their support businesses. Agricultural loans focus on character, cash flow and collateral, while also considering the particular risks of the industry. Loan terms are
 generally 20 years or less, with one to five year adjustable interest rates. The adjustable rates are typically tied to a margin above the comparable Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh borrowing rate with a typical loan to value of less than
 80 . We evaluate the financial strength of the integrators we have exposure to with our poultry and swine agricultural customers. The Bank is a preferred lender under the USDA s Farm Service Agency (FSA) and participates in the FSA guaranteed
 loan program.

34 

Index 

The Bank, as part of its commitment to the communities it serves, is an active lender for projects by our local municipalities and school districts. These loans range from short term bridge
 financing to 20 year term loans for specific projects. These loans are typically written at rates that adjust at least every five years. Due to the size of certain municipal loans, we have developed participation lending relationships with other
 community banks that allow us to meet regulatory compliance issues, while meeting the needs of the customer. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate balance of our participation loans, in which a portion was sold to other lender s totaled 195.95
 million, of which 102.6 million was sold.

Activity associated with exploration for natural gas in 2022 was higher than 2021. Certain entities drilled new wells and created new pad sites and pipelines, while other companies only
 maintained their existing wells. Natural gas prices increased during 2022, but still experienced significant volatility in 2022. While the Bank has loaned to companies that service the exploration activities, the Bank has not originated any loans
 to companies performing the actual drilling and exploration activities. Loans made by the Company were to service industry customers which included trucking companies, stone quarries and other support businesses. We also originated loans to
 businesses and individuals for restaurants, hotels and apartment rentals that were developed and expanded to meet the housing and living needs of the gas workers. Due to our understanding of the industry and its cyclical nature, the loans made
 for natural gas-related activities were originated in a prudent and cautious manner and were subject to specific policies and procedures for lending to these entities, which included lower loan to value thresholds, shortened amortization periods,
 and expansion of our monitoring of loan concentrations associated with this activity.

The following table shows the year-end composition of the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands):

2022

2021

Amount

Amount

Real estate:

Residential

210,213

12.2

201,097

14.0

Commercial

876,569

50.8

687,338

47.7

Agricultural

313,614

18.2

312,011

21.6

Construction

80,691

4.7

55,036

3.8

Consumer

86,650

5.0

25,858

1.8

Other commercial loans

63,222

3.7

74,585

5.2

Other agricultural loans

34,832

2.0

39,852

2.8

State political subdivision loans

59,208

3.4

45,756

3.1

Total loans

1,724,999

100.0

1,441,533

100.0

Less allowance for loan losses

18,552

17,304

Net loans

1,706,447

1,424,229

2022/2021 

 Change

Amount

Real estate:

Residential

9,116

4.5

Commercial

189,231

27.5

Agricultural

1,603

0.5

Construction

25,655

46.6

Consumer

60,792

235.1

Other commercial loans

(11,363

(15.2

Other agricultural loans

(5,020

(12.6

State political subdivision loans

13,452

29.4

Total loans

283,466

19.7

35 

Index 

Total loans grew 283.5 million in 2022 and total 1.72 billion at the end of 2022. The primary driver of growth during 2022 was growth in commercial and construction real estate in the Delaware
 market, student loans and state and political loans. This growth was offset by a decrease in other commercial and other agricultural loans of 11.4 million and 5.0 million, respectively, due to a decrease in PPP loans and other loan paydowns
 during the year.

Residential real estate loans increased 9.1 million even as refinancing activity decreased during 2022 due to higher rates During 2022, 10.0 million of residential real estate loans were
 originated for sale on the secondary market, which compares to 44.7 million for 2021. For loans sold on the secondary market, the Company recognizes fee income for servicing these sold loans, which is included in non-interest income.

The following table presents the maturity distribution of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands). The table does not include any estimate of prepayments which significantly
 shorten the average life of all loans and may cause our actual repayment experience to differ from that shown below. Demand loans having no stated schedule of repayments and no stated maturity are reported as due in one year or less.

Due in One year or less

After one year through five years

After five years through fifteen years

After fifteen years

Total

Real estate:

Residential

736

8,003

74,912

126,562

210,213

Commercial

86,776

267,583

357,755

164,455

876,569

Agricultural

20,260

17,031

156,043

120,280

313,614

Construction

2,193

29,675

33,395

15,428

80,691

Consumer

18,336

65,279

2,903

132

86,650

Other commercial loans

28,933

28,483

5,806

-

63,222

Other agricultural loans

19,232

13,257

2,343

-

34,832

State political subdivision loans

768

1,461

27,687

29,292

59,208

177,234

430,772

660,844

456,149

1,724,999

The following table presents the portion of loans that have fixed interest rates or variable interest rates that fluctuate over the life of loans in accordance with changes in the interest rate
 index that mature after December 31, 2023.

Sensitivity of loans to changes in interest rates - loans due after December 31, 2023:

Predetermined interest rate

Floating or adjustable interest rate

Total

Real estate:

Residential

116,160

93,317

209,477

Commercial

383,030

406,763

789,793

Agricultural

13,923

279,431

293,354

Construction

32,657

45,841

78,498

Consumer

4,823

63,491

68,314

Other commercial loans

19,711

14,578

34,289

Other agricultural loans

10,736

4,864

15,600

State political subdivision loans

35,770

22,670

58,440

616,810

930,955

1,547,765

Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Quality Risk

The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level which, in management s judgment, is adequate to absorb probable future loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The provision for loan
 losses is charged against current income. Loans deemed not collectable are charged-off against the allowance while subsequent recoveries increase the allowance. The allowance for loan losses was 18,552,000 or 1.08 of total loans as of
 December 31, 2022 as compared to 17,304,000 or 1.20 of loans as of December 31, 2021. The 1,248,000 increase is a result of a 1,683,000 provision for loan losses less net charge-offs of 435,000. During 2022, net charge-offs were low with the
 majority related to one charge-off. The following table shows the distribution of the allowance for loan losses and the percentage of loans compared to total loans by loan category (dollars in thousands) as of December 31:

36 

Index 

2022

2021

Amount

Amount

Real estate loans:

Residential

1,056

12.2

1,147

14.0

Commercial

10,120

50.8

8,099

47.7

Agricultural

4,589

18.2

4,729

21.6

Construction

801

4.7

434

3.8

Consumer

135

5.0

262

1.8

Other commercial loans

1,040

3.7

1,023

5.2

Other agricultural loans

489

2.0

558

2.8

State political subdivision loans

322

3.4

281

3.1

Unallocated

-

N/A

771

N/A

Total allowance for loan losses

18,552

100.0

17,304

100.0

The following table provides information related to credit loss experience and net (charge-offs) recoveries for 2022, 2021 and 2020.

2022

Credit Loss Expense (Benefit)

Net (charge-offs) Recoveries

Average Loans

Ratio of net (charge-offs) recoveries to Average loans

Allowance to total loans

Non-accrual loans as a percent of loans

Allowance to total non-accrual loans

Real estate:

Residential

(91

-

204,063

0.00

0.50

0.28

178.68

Commercial

2,018

3

782,016

0.00

1.15

0.32

364.29

Agricultural

(140

-

312,999

0.00

1.46

1.03

142.43

Construction

367

-

73,214

0.00

0.99

0.00

NA

Consumer

(111

(16

58,715

-0.03

0.16

0.00

NA

Other commercial loans

439

(422

72,444

-0.58

1.64

0.10

1677.42

Other agricultural loans

(69

-

34,421

0.00

1.40

0.82

171.58

State political subdivision loans

41

-

56,004

0.00

0.54

0.00

NA

Unallocated

(771

-

-

NA

NA

NA

NA

Total

1,683

(435

1,593,876

-0.03

1.08

0.40

267.40

2021

Real estate:

Residential

(27

-

203,062

0.00

0.57

0.30

192.77

Commercial

1,848

35

639,161

0.01

1.18

0.43

275.01

Agricultural

(224

-

312,770

0.00

1.52

1.00

150.94

Construction

312

-

56,315

0.00

0.79

0.00

NA

Consumer

(53

(6

24,125

-0.02

1.01

0.00

NA

Other commercial loans

(113

(90

99,839

-0.09

1.37

0.19

730.71

Other agricultural loans

(306

-

37,181

0.00

1.40

2.01

69.49

State political subdivision loans

(198

-

52,804

0.00

0.61

0.00

NA

Unallocated

311

-

-

NA

NA

NA

NA

Total

1,550

(61

1,425,257

0.00

1.20

0.53

227.21

2020

Real estate:

Residential

46

14

210,696

0.01

0.58

0.40

144.58

Commercial

2,065

(398

478,415

-0.08

1.04

0.76

137.25

Agricultural

(84

15

311,100

0.00

1.57

0.99

158.09

Construction

79

0

26,343

0.00

0.34

0.00

NA

Consumer

238

(29

20,986

-0.14

1.06

0.00

NA

Other commercial loans

3

(32

112,054

-0.03

1.07

1.12

95.48

Other agricultural loans

(97

-

46,101

0.00

1.77

2.00

88.71

State political subdivision loans

(57

-

86,143

0.00

0.76

0.00

NA

Unallocated

207

-

-

NA

NA

NA

NA

Total

2,400

(430

1,291,838

-0.03

1.13

0.76

147.36

37 

Index 

The Company believes it utilizes a disciplined and thorough loan review process based upon its internal loan policy approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The purpose of the review is to
 assess loan quality, analyze delinquencies, identify problem loans, evaluate potential charge-offs and recoveries, and assess general overall economic conditions in the markets served. An external independent loan review is performed on our
 commercial portfolio at least semi-annually for the Company. The external consultant is engaged to 1) review a minimum of 50 of the dollar volume of the commercial loan portfolio on an annual basis, 2) new loans originated for over 1.0
 million in the last year, 3) a majority of borrowers with commitments greater than or equal to 1.0 million, 4) selected loan relationships over 750,000 which are over 30 days past due, or classified Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, or
 Loss, and 5) such other loans which management or the consultant deems appropriate. As part of this review, our underwriting process and loan grading system is evaluated.

Management believes it uses the best information available to make such determinations and that the allowance for loan losses is adequate as of December 31, 2022. However, future adjustments
 could be required if circumstances differ substantially from assumptions and estimates used in making the initial determination. A prolonged downturn in the economy, changes in the economies of various segments of our agricultural and commercial
 portfolios, high unemployment rates, significant changes in the value of collateral and delays in receiving financial information from borrowers could result in increased levels of non-performing assets, charge-offs, loan loss provisions and
 reduction in income. Additionally, bank regulatory agencies periodically examine the Bank s allowance for loan losses. The banking agencies could require the recognition of additions to the allowance for loan losses based upon their judgment of
 information available to them at the time of their examination.

On a monthly basis, problem loans are identified and updated primarily using internally prepared past due reports. Based on data surrounding the collection process of each identified loan, the
 loan may be added or deleted from the monthly watch list. The watch list includes loans graded special mention, substandard, doubtful, and loss, as well as additional loans that management may choose to include. Watch list loans are continually
 monitored going forward until satisfactory conditions exist that allow management to upgrade and remove the loan from the watchlist. In certain cases, loans may be placed on non-accrual status or charged-off based upon management s evaluation of
 the borrower s ability to pay. All commercial loans, which include commercial real estate, agricultural real estate, state and political subdivision loans, other commercial loans and other agricultural loans, on non-accrual are evaluated
 quarterly for impairment.

The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is subject to a formal, quarterly analysis by management of the Company. In order to better analyze the risks associated with the loan portfolio,
 the entire portfolio is divided into several categories. As stated above, loans on non-accrual status are specifically reviewed for impairment and given a specific reserve, if appropriate. Loans evaluated and not found to be impaired are
 included with other performing loans, by category, by their respective homogenous pools. Three year average historical loss factors were calculated for each pool and applied to the performing portion of the loan category for each year presented.
 The historical loss factors for both reviewed and homogeneous pools are adjusted based upon the following qualitative factors:

Level of and trends in delinquencies, impaired/classified loans

Change in volume and severity of past due loans

Volume of non-accrual loans

Volume and severity of classified, adversely or graded loans

Level of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries

Trends in volume, terms and nature of the loan portfolio

Effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards and any other changes in lending and recovery policies, procedures and practices

Changes in the quality of the Bank s loan review system

Experience, ability and depth of lending management and other relevant staff

National, state, regional and local economic trends and business conditions

General economic conditions

Unemployment rates

Inflation / CPI

Changes in values of underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans

Industry conditions including the effects of external factors such as competition, legal, and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses.

Existence and effect of any credit concentrations, and changes in the level of such concentrations

Any change in the level of board oversight

38 

Index 

See also Note 5 Loans and Related Allowance for Loan Losses to the consolidated financial statements.

As a result of previous loss experiences and other risk factors utilized in determining the allowance, the Bank s allocation of the allowance does not directly correspond to the actual balances
 of the loan portfolio. While commercial and agricultural real estate loans total 69.0 of the loan portfolio at December 31 2022, 79.3 of the allowance is assigned to these portions of the loan portfolio as these loans have more inherent risks
 than residential real estate or loans to state and political subdivisions. Residential real estate loans comprise 12.2 of the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 5.7 of the allowance is assigned to this segment as generally there are
 less inherent risks then commercial and agricultural loans.

The following table is a summary of our non-performing assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All non-accruing troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) are also included the
 non-accruing loans totals.

2022

2021

Non-performing assets:

Non-accruing loans

6,938

7,616

Accrual loans - 90 days or more past due

7

46

Total non-performing loans

6,945

7,662

Foreclosed assets held for sale

543

1,180

Total non-performing assets

7,488

8,842

Troubled debt restructurings (TDR)

Non-accruing TDRs

3,333

4,295

Accrual TDRs

4,358

6,810

Total troubled debt restructurings

7,691

11,105

The following table identifies amounts of loans contractually past due 30 to 90 days and non-performing loans by loan category, as well as the change from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022
 in non-performing loans (in thousands). Non-performing loans include those accruing loans that are contractually past due 90 days or more and non-accrual loans. Interest does not accrue on non-accrual loans. Subsequent cash payments received
 are applied to the outstanding principal balance or recorded as interest income, depending upon management's assessment of its ultimate ability to collect principal and interest.

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Non-Performing Loans

Non-Performing Loans

30 - 89 Days

 Past Due

90 Days Past

 Due Accruing

Non-

 accrual

Total Non-

 Performing

30 - 89 Days

 Past Due

90 Days Past

 Due Accruing

Non-

 accrual

Total Non-

 Performing

Real estate:

Residential

469

-

591

591

492

46

595

641

Commercial

1,018

-

2,778

2,778

243

-

2,945

2,945

Agricultural

-

-

3,222

3,222

31

-

3,133

3,133

Construction

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Consumer

147

7

-

7

163

-

-

-

Other commercial loans

1,695

-

62

62

28

-

140

140

Other agricultural loans

-

-

285

285

10

-

803

803

Total nonperforming loans

3,329

7

6,938

6,945

967

46

7,616

7,662

Change in Non-Performing Loans

2022 / 2021 

Amount

Real estate:

Residential

(17

(2.8

Commercial

(200

(6.7

Agricultural

89

2.8

Construction

-

-

Consumer

7

NA

Other commercial loans

(78

(55.7

Other agricultural loans

(518

(64.5

Total nonperforming loans

(717

(9.4

39 

Index 

The Company worked with customers directly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company offered assistance in accordance with regulator guidelines. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the
 Company is engaging in more frequent communication with borrowers to better understand their situation and the challenges faced, allowing it to respond proactively as needs and issues arise. Should economic conditions worsen, the Company could
 experience increases in non-performing loans and further increases in its required allowance for loan losses and record additional provision expense. It is possible that the Company's asset quality measures could worsen at future measurement
 periods if the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are prolonged.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a provision for loan losses of 1,683,000 which compares to 1,550,000 for the same period in 2021, an increase of 133,000. The increase is
 primarily attributable to the organic loan growth that occurred during 2022 offset by the improved economic conditions in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2022 compared to 2021. Non-performing loans decreased 717,000 from December 31, 2021
 to December 31, 2022 with the decrease being primarily due to two customer relationships that made payments on the outstanding loans balances during 2022. At December 31, 2022, approximately 55.2 of the Bank s non-performing loans are associated
 with the following three customer relationships:

A commercial loan relationship with 804,000 outstanding, and additional letters of credit of 1.2 million available, secured by undeveloped land, stone quarries and equipment, was on non-accrual
 status as of December 31, 2022. The Company services the natural gas industry, as well as local municipalities. As a result, the reduced exploration for natural gas in north central Pennsylvania has significantly impacted the cash
 flows of the customer, who provides excavation services and stone for pad construction related to these activities. During 2020, the Company had the underlying equipment collateral appraised and in the first quarter of 2022, the
 Company had the quarry appraised. The appraisals indicated a decrease in collateral values compared to the appraisal ordered for the loan origination, however, the loan was still considered well secured on a loan to value basis at
 December 31, 2022. In 2021 and 2022, the customer has liquidated some excess equipment and the funds have been utilized to pay down a portion of the loans. Management determined that no specific reserve was required as of December
 31, 2022.

An agricultural loan customer with a total loan relationship of 1.9 million, secured by real estate, equipment and cattle, was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022. The customer declared
 bankruptcy during the fourth quarter of 2018 and developed a workout plan that was approved by the bankruptcy court in the fourth quarter of 2019 and resulted in monthly payments resuming in late 2019 that have continued through
 2022. Included within these loans to this customer are 758,000 of loans which are subject to Farm Service Agency guarantees. Absent a sizable and sustained increase in milk prices, which is not assured, we will need to rely upon
 the collateral for repayment of interest and principal. During 2020, the Company had the underlying collateral appraised. Management determined that no specific reserve was required as of December 31, 2022.

An agricultural loan customer with a total loan relationship of 1.2 million, secured by real estate was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022. The COVID-19 pandemic has escalated the cash
 flow difficulties this customer was experiencing. We expect that we will need to rely upon the collateral for repayment of interest and principal. Management reviewed the collateral and determined that no specific reserve was
 required as of December 31, 2022.

Management believes that the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 was adequate at that date, which was based on the following factors:

Three loan relationships comprise 55.2 of the non-performing loan balance, which did not require any specific reserves as of December 31, 2022.

The Company has a history of low charge-offs, which were 0.03 and 0.00 of average loans for 2022 and 2021, respectively.

40 

Index 

Bank Owned Life Insurance

The Company holds bank owned life insurance policies to offset current and future employee benefit costs. These policies provide the Bank with an asset that generates earnings to partially offset
 the current costs of benefits, and eventually (at the death of the insureds) provide partial recovery of cash outflows associated with the benefits. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cash surrender value of the life insurance was 39.4
 million and 38.5 million, respectively. The change in cash surrender value, net of purchases and amounts acquired through acquisitions, is recognized in the results of operations. The amounts recorded as non-interest income totaled 852,000,
 1,828,000 and 695,000 in 2022, 20210 and 2020, respectively with the decrease due to the death benefits received in 2021 upon the passing of two former employees. The Company evaluates annually the risks associated with the life insurance
 policies, including limits on the amount of coverage and an evaluation of the various carriers credit ratings.

Effective January 1, 2015, the Company restructured its agreements so that any death benefits received from a policy while the insured person is an active employee of the Bank will be split with
 the beneficiary of the policy. Under the restructured agreements, the employee s beneficiary will be entitled to receive 50 of the net amount at risk from the proceeds. The policies acquired as part of the acquisition of MidCoast are only for
 the benefit of the Bank. The net amount at risk is the total death benefit payable less the cash surrender value of the policy as of the date of death. The policies acquired as part of the acquisition of FNB, provide a fixed dollar benefit for
 the beneficiary s estate, which is dependent on several factors including whether the covered individual was a Director of FNB or an employee of FNB and their salary level. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, included in other liabilities on the
 Consolidated Balance sheet is a liability of 660,000 and 696,000, respectively, for the obligation under the split-dollar benefit agreements.

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments - asset

The Company holds derivative instruments to hedge interest rate risk and to offer customers longer term fixed rate loans through a program similar to a back to back swap, which results in both a
 derivative asset and liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. (See Note 17 for additional information). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value for the derivatives instruments was 16.6 million and 4.0 million, respectively. The
 change in the fair value of financial instruments was due to the rise in market interest rates during 2022. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the cash flow interest hate hedge derivative is initially reported in other
 comprehensive income (outside of earnings), net of tax, and subsequently reclassified to earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings, and the ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized directly in
 earnings.

Deferred Tax Asset

Deferred tax assets are computed based on the difference between the financial statement basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rates. Deferred
 income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the net deferred tax asset or liability from period to period. (See note 12 for additional information) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance for deferred tax assets was 12.9
 million and 4.1 million, respectively. The change was due to the impact market interest rates had on the fair values of the Company s available for sale investment portfolio and cashflow hedges for interest rate risk.

Other Assets

Other assets increased 11.1 million in 2022 to 25.8 million from 14.7 million in 2021. Due to increased borrowing levels with FHLB of Pittsburgh, regulatory stock increased 7.3 million during
 2022. We entered into and extended several leases during the year, which resulted in the right of use asset for facilities increasing 1.7 million. As a result of the discount rates utilized for the pension plan, the pension asset increased 1.2
 million. The balance in investments in low income housing projects increased 1.0 million due to investments made in three partnerships during 2022. Foreclosed properties were sold during 2022, which resulted in a decrease to other assets of
 637,000.

41 

Index 

Deposits

The following table shows the breakdown of deposits by deposit type (dollars in thousands) at December 31:

2022

2021

2020

Amount

Amount

Amount

Non-interest-bearing deposits

396,261

21.5

358,073

19.5

303,762

19.1

NOW accounts

512,501

27.8

485,292

26.4

422,083

26.6

Savings deposits

321,917

17.5

313,048

17.0

255,853

16.1

Money market deposit accounts

335,838

18.2

350,122

19.1

225,968

14.2

Certificates of deposit

277,691

15.0

329,616

18.0

381,192

24.0

Total

1,844,208

100.0

1,836,151

100.0

1,588,858

100.0

2022/2021

 Change

2021/2020

 Change

Amount

Amount

Non-interest-bearing deposits

38,188

10.7

54,311

17.9

NOW accounts

27,209

5.6

63,209

15.0

Savings deposits

8,869

2.8

57,195

22.4

Money market deposit accounts

(14,284

(4.1

124,154

54.9

Certificates of deposit

(51,925

(15.8

(51,576

(13.5

Total

8,057

0.4

247,293

15.6

2022

Total deposits increased 8.1 million in 2022, or 0.4 . Deposit levels remained consistent during 2022 after significant growth in 2021 that was due to government stimulus funds in response to
 the COVID-19 pandemic. With the increase in market interest rates, customer are moving funds to obtain additional liquidity and higher rates. We continue to enhance our cash management services to improve our customer services. Brokered
 certificates of deposit increased 16.0 million as new brokered CDs were issued during 2022. As a percentage of total deposits, non-interest-bearing deposits totaled 21.5 as of the end of 2022, which compares to 19.5 at the end of 2021. The
 rates paid on certificates of deposit by the Company remain competitive with rates paid by our competition.

2021

Total deposits increased 247.3 million in 2021, or 15.6 . The driver of the increase was government stimulus funds in response to the COVID 19 pandemic, which included individuals, businesses
 and municipalities and all markets of Company. We continue to enhance our cash management services to improve our customer services and to grow deposits through our current customers. Brokered certificates of deposit decreased 23.8 million as
 maturing certificates were not replaced in 2021. As a percentage of total deposits, non-interest-bearing deposits totaled 19.5 as of the end of 2021, which compares to 19.1 at the end of 2020.

Remaining maturities of certificates of deposit in excess of FDIC insurance limits are as follows for December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands):

3 months or less

6,166

Over 3 months through 6 months

7,602

Over 6 months through 12 months

18,275

Over 12 months

22,244

Total

54,287

As a percent of total certificates of deposit

19.55

Uninsured deposits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, are estimated based on regulatory reporting requirements to be 732,173,000 and 742,304,000, respectively.

42 

Index 

Deposits by type of depositor are as follows (dollars in thousands) at December 31:

2022

2021

2020

Amount

Amount

Amount

Individuals

921,404

50.0

938,331

51.1

865,041

54.4

Businesses and other organizations

586,531

31.8

534,402

29.1

467,159

29.4

State political subdivisions

336,273

18.2

363,418

19.8

256,658

16.2

Total

1,844,208

100.0

1,836,151

100.0

1,588,858

100.0

Borrowed Funds

Borrowed funds increased 183.3 million during 2022 to fund loan growth during the year. Short term borrowings from the FHLB increased 187.1 million and totaled 212.1 million as of December 31,
 2022 compared to 25.0 million as of December 31, 2021. Long term borrowings from the FHLB decreased 4.7 million and total 10.0 million. Term loans from the FHLB totaled 10.0 million and 14.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively. The change in term loans was due to 4.7 million of term loans maturing during 2022. The Company did not issue any long term debt during 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a line of credit with a
 Pennsylvania community bank for 20.0 million that is unused as of December 31, 2022. Management continually monitors interest rates in order to minimize interest rate risk in future years and as part of this may extend some of the short term
 borrowings via term notes. The Bank has five interest rate swap agreements outstanding to convert floating-rate debt to fixed rate debt on notional amounts of 15.0 million, 10.0 million and three agreements of 6.0 million. The 15.0 million
 and 10.0 million were originated on April 1, 2020 and expire on April 1, 2025 and April 1, 2027. The three 6.0 million agreements originated on May 14, 2020 with a two year forward start date and expire on May 14, 2027, 2029 and 2032 The
 Company has an interest rate swap agreement outstanding that was entered into on April 13, 2020, to convert floating-rate debt to fixed rate debt on a notional amount of 7.5 million. The interest rate swap agreement expires on June 17, 2027. 
 The interest rate swap instruments involve an agreement to receive a floating rate and pay a fixed rate, at specified intervals, calculated on the agreed-upon notional amounts. The differentials paid or received on interest rate swap agreements
 are recognized as adjustments to interest expense in the period. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at December 31, 2022 was 6,873,000 and is included within fair value of derivative instruments asset on the consolidated balance
 sheets.

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments - liability

The Company holds derivative instruments to hedge interest rate risk and to offer customers longer term fixed rate loans through a program similar to a back to back swap, which results in both a
 derivative asset and liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. (See Note 17 for additional information). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value for the derivatives instruments was 9.7 million and 2.1 million, respectively. The
 change in the fair value of financial instruments was due to rise in market interest rates during 2022. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the cash flow interest hate hedge derivative is initially reported in other
 comprehensive income (outside of earnings), net of tax, and subsequently reclassified to earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings, and the ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized directly in
 earnings.

Other Liabilities

Other liabilities increased 2.4 million to 20.8 million during 2022. We entered into and extended several leases during the year, which resulted in the right of use asset for facilities
 increasing 1.7 million. Employee benefit accruals, including profit sharing increased 477,000.

Stockholders Equity

We evaluate stockholders equity in relation to total assets and the risk associated with those assets. The greater our capital resources, the greater the likelihood of meeting our cash
 obligations and absorbing unforeseen losses. For these reasons, capital adequacy has been, and will continue to be, of paramount importance. Due to its importance, we develop a capital plan and stress test capital levels using various
 techniques and assumptions annually to ensure that in the event of unforeseen circumstances, we would remain in compliance with our capital plan approved by the Board of Directors and regulatory requirement levels.

43 

Index 

Our Board of Directors determines our cash dividend rate after considering our capital requirements, current and projected net income, and other factors. In 2022 and 2021, the Company paid out
 26.11 and 25.36 of net income in cash dividends, respectively.

As of December 31, 2022, the total number of common shares outstanding was 3,971,209. For comparative purposes, outstanding shares for prior periods were adjusted for the June 2022 stock dividend
 in computing earnings and cash dividends per share as detailed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements. During 2022, we purchased 18,700 shares of treasury stock at a weighted average cost of 68.40 per share. The Company awarded 3,333
 shares of restricted stock to employees at a weighted average cost per share of 68.69 under an equity incentive plan. The Board of Directors was awarded 1,800 shares at a cost of 67.53 per share under an incentive plan.

Stockholders equity decreased 5.8 in 2022 to 200.1 million. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity increased 20.6 million, or 9.7 ., Net income for
 2022 was 29.1 million, offset by net cash dividends of 7,588,000 and net treasury stock activity of 826,000. All of the Company s debt investment securities are classified as available-for-sale, making this portion of the Company s balance
 sheet more sensitive to the changing market value of investments. Accumulated other comprehensive loss decreased 32,986,000 from December 31, 2021, primarily as result of the decrease in the fair market value of the investment portfolio. Total
 stockholders equity was approximately 8.6 of total assets as of December 31, 2022, compared to 9.9 of total assets as of December 31, 2021.

LIQUIDITY

Liquidity is a measure of the Company s ability to efficiently meet normal cash flow requirements of both borrowers and depositors. Liquidity is needed to meet depositors withdrawal demands,
 extend credit to meet borrowers needs, provide funds for normal operating expenses and cash dividends, and fund future capital expenditures.

To maintain proper liquidity, we use funds management policies along with our investment and asset liability policies to assure we can meet our financial obligations to depositors, credit
 customers and stockholders. Management monitors liquidity by reviewing loan demand, investment opportunities, deposit pricing and the cost and availability of borrowing funds. Additionally, the bank has established various limits and ratios to
 monitor liquidity. On a quarterly basis, we stress test our liquidity position to ensure that the Bank has the capability of meeting its cash flow requirements in the event of unforeseen circumstances. The Company s historical activity in this
 area can be seen in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows from investing and financing activities.

Cash generated by operating activities, investing activities and financing activities influences liquidity management. The most important source of funds is the deposits that are primarily core
 deposits (deposits from customers with other relationships). Short-term debt from the Federal Home Loan Bank supplements the Company s availability of funds as well as a line of credit arrangement with a corresponding bank. Other sources of
 short-term funds include brokered CDs and the sale of loans, if needed.

The Company s use of funds is shown in the investing activity section of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, where the net loan activity is detailed. Other significant uses of funds are
 capital expenditures, purchase of loans and acquisition premiums. Surplus funds are then invested in investment securities.

Capital expenditures, including software purchases in 2022 totaled 1,635,000, which included:

Branch facility, Ephrata, Pennsylvania totaling 1,011,000

Branch facility, Greenville, Delaware 73,000

Signage upgrades and rebranding purchases totaling 71,000

ATM upgrades totaling 40,000

Building security improvements totaling 78,000

Computers, servers and copier purchases 96,000

Capital expenditures, including software purchases in 2021 totaled 1,105,000, which included:

44 

Index 

Operations building in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania totaling 753,000

Vehicle purchases totaling 82,000

ATM upgrades totaling 124,000

Building and ground improvements totaling 96,000

We expect these expenditures will support our initiatives and will create operating efficiencies, while providing quality customer service.

In addition to the Bank s cash balances, the Bank achieves additional liquidity primarily from its investment in the FHLB of Pittsburgh and the resulting borrowing capacity obtained through this
 investment, investments that mature in less than one year and expected principal repayments from mortgage backed securities. The Bank has a maximum borrowing capacity at the Federal Home Loan Bank of approximately 871.2 million, inclusive of
 any outstanding amounts, as a source of liquidity. The Bank also has two federal funds line with third party providers in the total amount of 34.0 million as of December 31, 2022, which is unsecured and a borrower in custody agreement was
 established with the FRB in the amount of 1.0 million, which is collateralized by 1.4 million of municipal loans. The Company has a 20.0 million line of credit with a Pennsylvania community bank, which is unutilized as of December 31, 2022.

The Company is a separate legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its operating expenses, the Company is responsible for paying any dividends declared
 to its shareholders. The Company also has repurchased shares of its common stock. The Company s primary source of income is dividends received from the Bank. The Bank may not declare a dividend without approval of the FRB, unless the dividend
 to be declared by the Bank s Board of Directors does not exceed the total of: (i) the Bank s net profits for the current year to date, plus (ii) its retained net profits for the preceding two current years, less any required transfers to
 surplus. In addition, the Bank can only pay dividends to the extent that its retained net profits (including the portion transferred to surplus) exceed its bad debts. The FRB, the OCC, the PDB and the FDIC have formal and informal policies
 which provide that insured banks and bank holding companies should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings, with some exceptions. The Prompt Corrective Action Rules, described above, further limit the ability of banks to
 pay dividends, because banks which are not classified as well capitalized or adequately capitalized may not pay dividends and no dividend may be paid which would make the Bank undercapitalized after the dividend. At December 31, 2022, the
 Company (unconsolidated basis) had liquid assets of 15.6 million.

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

The Company has various financial obligations, including contractual obligations which may require cash payments. The following table (in thousands) presents as of December 31, 2022, significant
 fixed and determinable contractual obligations to third parties by payment date. Further discussion of the obligations can be found in Notes 9, 10 and 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Contractual Obligations

One year

 or Less

One to

 Three Years

Three to

 Five Years

Over Five

 Years

Total

Deposits without a stated maturity

1,566,517

-

-

-

1,566,517

Time deposits

153,926

82,643

35,356

5,766

277,691

FHLB Advances

169,110

-

-

-

169,110

Term borrowings - FHLB

43,000

10,000

-

-

53,000

Note Payable

-

-

-

7,500

7,500

Subordinated Debt

-

-

-

10,000

10,000

Repurchase agreements

17,776

-

-

-

17,776

Operating leases

847

1,466

1,277

2,354

5,944

Total

1,951,176

94,109

36,633

25,620

2,107,538

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

In the normal course of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are not recorded in our financial
 statements. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk. Such transactions are used primarily to manage customers requests for funding and take the form of loan commitments, unused lines
 of credit and letters of credit. For information about our loan commitments, unused lines of credit and letters of credit, see Note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.

45 

Index 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flows.

INTEREST RATE AND MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT

The objective of interest rate sensitivity management is to maintain an appropriate balance between the stable growth of income and the risks associated with maximizing income through interest
 sensitivity imbalances and the market value risk of assets and liabilities.

Because of the nature of our operations, we are not subject to foreign currency exchange or commodity price risk and, since the Company has no trading portfolio, it is not subject to trading
 risk.

At December 31, 2022, the Company had equity securities that represent only 0.09 of our total assets, and therefore market risk related to equity securities is not significant.

The primary factors that make assets interest-sensitive include adjustable-rate features on loans and investments, loan repayments, investment maturities and money market investments. The primary
 components of interest-sensitive liabilities include maturing certificates of deposit, IRA certificates of deposit, repurchase agreements and short-term borrowings. Savings deposits, NOW accounts and money market investor accounts, with the
 exception of top interest tier money market and NOW accounts, are considered core deposits and are not short-term interest sensitive and therefore are included in the table below in the over five year column. Top interest tier money market and
 NOW accounts are included in the table below in the within three month column. Borrowings subject to swap arrangements are included in the table below based on the swap arrangement maturity.

The following table shows the cumulative static gap (at amortized cost) for various time intervals (dollars in thousands):

Maturity or Re-pricing of Company Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022

Within

 Three
 Months

Four to

 Twelve
 Months

One to

 Two
 Years

Two to

 Three
 Years

Three to

 Five
 Years

Over

 Five
 Years

Total

Interest-earning assets:

Interest-bearing deposits at banks

1,397

2,085

250

-

3,720

-

7,452

Investment securities

24,724

31,141

62,981

58,072

108,856

201,219

486,993

Residential mortgage loans

35,195

34,287

34,429

28,925

39,802

37,575

210,213

Construction loans

31,326

24,196

25,169

-

-

-

80,691

Commercial and farm loans

220,874

205,114

177,534

222,950

374,199

87,566

1,288,237

Loans to state political subdivisions

7,628

3,900

5,059

4,831

14,404

23,386

59,208

Other loans

66,460

4,299

4,468

3,216

3,835

4,372

86,650

Total interest-earning assets

387,604

305,022

309,890

317,994

544,816

354,118

2,219,444

Interest-bearing liabilities:

NOW accounts

338,542

-

-

-

-

173,959

512,501

Savings accounts

-

-

-

-

-

321,917

321,917

Money Market accounts

309,211

-

-

-

-

26,627

335,838

Certificates of deposit

43,299

110,627

50,951

31,692

35,356

5,766

277,691

Long-term borrowing

186,886

-

10,000

15,000

33,392

12,000

257,278

Total interest-bearing liabilities

877,938

110,627

60,951

46,692

68,748

540,269

1,705,225

Excess interest-earning

 assets (liabilities)

(490,334

194,395

248,939

271,302

476,068

(186,151

Cumulative interest-earning assets

387,604

692,626

1,002,516

1,320,510

1,865,326

2,219,444

Cumulative interest-bearing liabilities

877,938

988,565

1,049,516

1,096,208

1,164,956

1,705,225

Cumulative gap

(490,334

(295,939

(47,000

224,302

700,370

514,219

Cumulative interest rate

 sensitivity ratio (1)

0.44

0.70

0.96

1.20

1.60

1.30

The previous table and the simulation models discussed below are presented assuming money market investment accounts and NOW accounts in the top interest rate tier are re-priced within the first
 three months. The loan amounts reflect the principal balances expected to be re-priced as a result of contractual amortization and anticipated early payoffs.

46 

Index 

Gap analysis, one of the methods used by us to analyze interest rate risk, does not necessarily show the precise impact of specific interest rate movements on the Bank s net interest income
 because the re-pricing of certain assets and liabilities is discretionary and is subject to competition and other pressures. In addition, assets and liabilities within the same period may, in fact, be repaid at different times and at different
 rate levels. We have not experienced the kind of earnings volatility that might be indicated from gap analysis.

The Bank currently uses a computer simulation model to better measure the impact of interest rate changes on net interest income. We use the model as part of our risk management and asset
 liability management processes that we believe will effectively identify, measure, and monitor the Bank s risk exposure. In this analysis, the Bank examines the results of movements in interest rates with additional assumptions made concerning
 the timing of interest rate changes, prepayment speeds on mortgage loans and mortgage securities and deposit pricing movements. Shock scenarios, which assume a parallel shift in interest rates and is instantaneous, typically have the greatest
 impact on net interest income. The following is a rate shock analysis and the impact on net interest income as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands):

Changes in Rates

Prospective One-Year

 Net Interest Income

Change In

 Prospective

 Net Interest Income

Change In

 Prospective

 Net Interest Income

-400 Shock

75,244

(2,002

-2.59

-300 Shock

76,146

(1,100

-1.42

-200 Shock

77,035

(211

-0.27

-100 Shock

77,559

313

0.41

Base

77,246

-

-

+100 Shock

75,649

(1,597

-2.07

+200 Shock

73,838

(3,408

-4.41

+300 Shock

72,281

(4,965

-6.43

+400 Shock

70,704

(6,542

-8.47

The model makes estimates, at each level of interest rate change, regarding cash flows from principal repayments on loans and mortgage backed securities, call activity of other investment
 securities, and deposit selection, re-pricing and maturity structure. Because of these assumptions, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates which would result in significant differences in the calculated projected change
 on net interest income. Additionally, the changes above do not necessarily represent the level of change under which management would undertake specific measures to realign its portfolio in order to reduce the projected level of change. The
 projections above utilize a static balance sheet and do not include any changes that may result from the growth of the Bank. Management has developed policy limits for acceptable changes in net interest income for multiple scenarios, including
 shock scenarios. As of December 31, 2022, changes in net interest income projected for all scenarios, including the shock scenarios noted above are in line with Bank policy limits for interest rate risk.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES; CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

The Company s accounting policies are integral to understanding the results reported. The accounting policies are described in detail in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements. Our
 most complex accounting policies require management s judgment to ascertain the valuation of assets, liabilities, commitments and contingencies. We have established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure valuation
 methods are well controlled and applied consistently from period to period. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. The following is a brief
 description of our current accounting policies involving significant management valuation judgments and critical accounting estimates.

Other than Temporary Impairment

All securities are evaluated periodically to determine whether a decline in their value is other than temporary and is a matter of judgment. For debt securities, management considers whether the
 present value of cash flows expected to be collected are less than the security s amortized cost basis (the difference defined as the credit loss), the magnitude and duration of the decline, the reasons underlying the decline and the Company s
 intent to sell the security or whether it is more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery in fair value, to determine whether the loss in value is other than temporary. Once a
 decline in value is determined to be other than temporary, if the Company does not intend to sell the security, and it is more-likely-than-not that it will not be required to sell the security, before recovery of the security s amortized cost
 basis, the charge to earnings is limited to the amount of credit loss. Any remaining difference between fair value and amortized cost (the difference defined as the non-credit portion) is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of
 applicable taxes. Otherwise, the entire difference between fair value and amortized cost is charged to earnings.

47 

Index 

Allowance for Loan Losses

Arriving at an adequate level of allowance for loan losses involves a high degree of judgment. The Company s allowance for loan losses provides for probable losses based upon evaluations of
 known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio.

Management uses historical information to assess the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses as well as the prevailing business environment; as it is affected by changing economic conditions
 and various external factors, which may impact the portfolio in ways currently unforeseen. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires significant estimates that may be susceptible to significant change, subjecting the Bank to
 volatility of earnings. The allowance is increased by provisions for loan losses and by recoveries of loans previously charged-off and reduced by loans charged-off. For a full discussion of the Company s methodology of assessing the adequacy of
 the allowance for loan losses, refer to Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company performs an evaluation of goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The Company performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Based on the fair
 value of the reporting unit, no impairment of goodwill was recognized in 2022, 2021 or 2020.

Pension Benefits

Pension costs and liabilities are dependent on assumptions used in calculating such amounts. These assumptions include discount rates, benefits earned, interest costs, expected return on plan
 assets, mortality rates, and other factors. In accordance with GAAP, actual results that differ from the assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect recognized expense and the recorded
 obligation of future periods. While management believes that the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect the Company s pension obligations and future expense. Our pension benefits
 are described further in Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Deferred Tax Assets

We use an estimate of future earnings to support our position that the benefit of our deferred tax assets will be realized. If future income should prove non-existent or less than the amount of
 the deferred tax assets within the tax years to which they may be applied, the asset may not be realized and our net income will be reduced. Management also evaluates deferred tax assets to determine if it is more likely than not that the
 deferred tax benefit will be utilized in future periods. If not, a valuation allowance is recorded. Our deferred tax assets are described further in Note 12 of the consolidated financial statements.

Business Combinations

Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. As of acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured at fair value and
 recognized separately from goodwill. Results of operations of the acquired entities are included in the consolidated statement of income from the date of acquisition. The calculation of intangible assets including core deposits and the fair
 value of loans are based on significant judgements. Core deposits intangibles are calculated using a discounted cash flow model based on various factors including discount rate, attrition rate, interest rate, cost of alternative funds and net
 maintenance costs.

Loans acquired in connection with acquisitions are recorded at their acquisition-date fair value with no carryover of related allowance for credit losses. Any allowance for loan loss on these
 pools reflect only losses incurred after the acquisition (meaning the present value of all cash flows expected at acquisition that ultimately are not to be received). Determining the fair value of the acquired loans involves estimating the
 principal and interest cash flows expected to be collected on the loans and discounting those cash flows at a market rate of interest. Management considers a number of factors in evaluating the acquisition-date fair value including the remaining
 life of the acquired loans, delinquency status, estimated prepayments, payment options and other loan features, internal risk grade, estimated value of the underlying collateral and interest rate environment.

48 

Index 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

This information is included under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Interest Rate and Market Risk
 Management , appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

49 

Index 

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

Citizens Financial Services, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheet

December 31,

(in thousands, except share data)

2022

2021

ASSETS:

Cash and cash equivalents:

Noninterest-bearing

Interest-bearing

Total cash and cash equivalents

Interest bearing time deposits with other banks

Equity securities

Available-for-sale securities

Loans held for sale

Loans (net of allowance for loan losses: 2022 , ; 2021 , 

Premises and equipment

Accrued interest receivable

Goodwill

Bank owned life insurance

Other intangibles

Fair value of derivative instruments - asset 

Deferred tax asset 

Other assets

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES:

Deposits:

Noninterest-bearing

Interest-bearing

Total deposits

Borrowed funds

Accrued interest payable

Fair value of derivative instruments - liability 

Other liabilities

TOTAL LIABILITIES

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY:

Preferred Stock 
 par value; authorized shares 2022 and 2021 ; ne issued in 2022 or 2021 

Common Stock 
 par value; authorized shares 2022 and 2021 ; issued and shares in 2022 and 2021 , respectively

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Treasury stock, at cost: and shares for 2022 and 2021 , respectively

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

50 

Index 

Citizens Financial Services, Inc.

Consolidated Statement of Income

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

2022

2021

2020

INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME:

Interest and fees on loans

Interest-bearing deposits with banks

Investment securities:

Taxable

Nontaxable

Dividends

TOTAL INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME

INTEREST EXPENSE:

Deposits

Borrowed funds

TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE

NET INTEREST INCOME

Provision for loan losses

NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES

NON-INTEREST INCOME:

Service charges

Trust

Brokerage and insurance

Equity security gains (losses), net

Available for sale security gains (losses), net

Gains on loans sold

Earnings on bank owned life insurance

Other

TOTAL NON-INTEREST INCOME

NON-INTEREST EXPENSES:

Salaries and employee benefits

Occupancy

Furniture and equipment

Professional fees

Federal depository insurance

Pennsylvania shares tax

Amortization of intangibles

Merger and acquisition

ORE expenses

Software expenses

Other

TOTAL NON-INTEREST EXPENSES

Income before provision for income taxes

Provision for income taxes

NET INCOME

PER COMMON SHARE DATA:

EARNINGS PER SHARE - BASIC

EARNINGS PER SHARE - DILUTED

CASH DIVIDENDS PER SHARE

Number of shares used in computation - basic

Number of shares used in computation - diluted

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

51 

Index 

Citizens Financial Services, Inc.

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Net Income

Other Comprehensive income (loss)

Securities available for sale

Unrealized holding gain (loss) during the period

Income tax (benefit) 

Subtotal

Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in income 

Income tax (benefit) 

Subtotal

Unrealized loss (gain) on interest rate swap

Income tax (benefit) 

Other comprehensive (loss) gain on interest rate swap

Change in unrecognized pension costs

Income tax (benefit) 

Other comprehensive gain (loss) gain on unrecognized pension costs

Net other comprehensive (loss) income

Comprehensive (loss) income

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

52 

Index 

Citizens Financial Services, Inc.

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity

Common Stock

Additional Paid-in

Retained

Accumulated

 Other Comprehensive

Treasury

(in thousands, except share data)

Shares

Amount

Capital

Earnings

Income (Loss)

Stock

Total

Balance, December 31, 2019 

Comprehensive income:

Net income

Net other comprehensive income

Stock dividend 

Stock issued for acquisition 

Purchase of treasury stock shares)

Restricted stock, executive and Board of Director awards

Restricted stock vesting

Sale of treasury stock 

Forfeited restricted stock 

Cash dividend reinvestment paid from treasury stock 

Cash dividends, per share

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income

Net other comprehensive income (loss) 

Stock dividend 

Purchase of treasury stock shares)

Restricted stock, executive and Board of Director awards

Restricted stock vesting

Forfeited restricted stock

Cash dividends, per share

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Comprehensive loss:

Net income

Net other comprehensive loss 

Stock dividend 

Purchase of treasury stock shares)

Restricted stock, executive and Board of Director awards

Restricted stock vesting

Sale of treasury stock

Forfeited restricted stock

Cash dividends, per share

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

53 

Index 

Citizens Financial Services, Inc. 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Provision for loan losses

Depreciation and amortization

Amortization and accretion of loans and other assets

Amortization and accretion on investment securities

Deferred income taxes

Equity security (gains) losses, net

Available for sale security (gains) losses, net

Earnings on bank owned life insurance

Stock awards

Originations of loans held for sale

Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale

Realized gains on loans sold

(Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable

Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable

Other, net

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Available-for-sale securities:

Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities

Proceeds from maturity and principal repayments of securities

Purchase of securities

Purchase of equity securities

Proceeds from sale of equity securities

Proceeds from redemption of Regulatory Stock

Purchase of Regulatory Stock

Net increase in loans

Purchase of interest bearing time deposits

Proceeds from matured interest bearing time deposits with other banks

Proceeds from sale of interest bearing time deposits with other banks 

Purchase of bank owned life insurance

Purchase of premises, equipment and software

Proceeds from life insurance 

Investments in low income housing partnerships 

Proceeds from sale of foreclosed assets held for sale

Acquisition, net of cash paid

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Net increase in deposits

Proceeds from long-term borrowings

Repayments of long-term borrowings

Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowed funds

Purchase of treasury stock

Sale of treasury stock to employee stock purchase plan

Dividends paid

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information:

Interest paid

Income taxes paid

Non-cash activities:

Stock dividend

Real estate acquired in settlement of loans

Right of use asset and liability

Acquisition of

Midcoast

Community

Bancorp Inc.

Non-cash assets acquired

Available-for-sale securities

Interest bearing time deposits with other banks

Loans

Premises and equipment

Accrued interest receivable

Bank owned life insurance

Intangibles

Deferred tax asset

Other assets

Goodwill

Liabilities assumed

Noninterest-bearing deposits

Interest-bearing deposits

Accrued interest payable

Borrowed funds

Other liabilities

Net non-cash liabilities acquired

Cash and cash equivalents acquired

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

54 

Index 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

full-service banking branches in Potter, Tioga, Bradford, Clinton, Lebanon, Lancaster, Berks, Schuylkill, Centre and Chester counties, Pennsylvania, Allegany County, New York, and the cities of Wilmington
 and Dover, Delaware, and a limited branch office in Union county, Pennsylvania. The Bank also provides trust services, including the administration of trusts and estates, retirement plans, and other employee benefit plans, along with a brokerage
 division that provides a comprehensive menu of investment services. The Bank serves individual and corporate customers and is subject to competition from other financial institutions and intermediaries with respect to these services. The Company
 and Bank are supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, while the Bank is subject to additional regulation and supervision by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking .

in cash or shares of the Company s common stock. Not more than of the outstanding shares of HVBC common stock (including for this purpose, dissenters shares) may be paid in cash and the remainder will be paid in the Company s common stock. In
 the event of a greater than decline in market value of the Company s common stock, HVBC may, in certain circumstances, be able
 to terminate the Merger Agreement unless the Company increases the number of shares into which HVBC common stock may be converted or increases in the cash component of the merger consideration.

,000.

segment, which is community banking.

55 

Index 

days or less are considered cash equivalents.

following types:

held-to-maturity securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

trading securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

56 

Index 

57 

Index 

days or less, generally are not
 classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the borrower s
 prior payment record, and the amount of shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed.

58 

Index 

to years for furniture, fixtures and equipment and to years for building premises. Repair and maintenance expenditures which extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized and other repair
 expenditures are expensed as incurred.

59 

Index 

years using the sum-of-the-years digits method of amortization, while the covenant not to compete was amortized over on a straight line basis.

impairment of
 goodwill was recognized in 2022, 2021 or 2020.

of the benefit in excess of the cash surrender value and the remaining amount of the
 payout will be given to the beneficiary named by the insured person in the policy. The Company is the sole beneficiary of any death benefits received from non-active insured persons. Additionally, as a result of the MidCoast acquisition, the
 Company acquired life insurance policies on former MidCoast employees. The Company is owner and sole beneficiary of these policies. The Company acquired life insurance policies on former FNB employees and directors, as part of the acquisition of
 FNB. The policies obtained as part of the acquisition provide a fixed dollar benefit to the former employee or director beneficiaries, whether or not the insured person is affiliated with the Company at the time of his or her death. Bank owned
 life insurance is recorded at its cash surrender value, or the amount that can be realized. Increases in the cash surrender value are recognized as other non-interest income . The obligation of ,000 and ,000 under split-dollar benefit agreements to
 former employees and directors or their beneficiaries have been recognized as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The (benefit)/expenses associated with the split dollar benefit were ,000), ,000 and ,000 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

60 

Index 

types based on the purpose of the contract and
 belief as to its effectiveness as a hedge. These three types are (1) a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or of an unrecognized firm commitment fair value hedge ), (2) a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the
 variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability cash flow hedge ), or (3) an instrument with no hedging designation stand-alone derivative ). For a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the
 derivative, as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item, are recognized in current earnings as fair values change. For a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative is reported in other comprehensive income and is
 reclassified into earnings in the same periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. For both types of hedges, changes in the fair value of derivatives that are not highly effective in hedging the changes in fair value or
 expected cash flows of the hedged item are recognized immediately in current earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported currently in earnings, as non-interest income. 

61 

Index 

62 

Index 

,000, ,000 and ,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

percent to percent decrease in our allowance for loan losses and our reserves for unfunded commitments. These estimates are subject to further
 refinements based on ongoing evaluations of our model, methodologies, and judgments, as well as prevailing economic conditions and forecasts as of the adoption date. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 is not expected to have a significant impact on our
 regulatory capital ratios.

t
 have any securities classified as HTM debt securities. allowance was recorded related to AFS debt securities at the date of
 adoption, January 1, 2023.

63 

Index 

,000

,000

,000

Weighted average common shares outstanding

Earnings per share - basic

Diluted earnings per share computation:

Net income applicable to common stock

,000

,000

,000

Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per share

Add: Dilutive effects of restricted stock

Weighted average common shares outstanding for dilutive earnings per share

Earnings per share - dilutive

,
 and were
 outstanding during 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share because to do so would be anti-dilutive. These anti-dilutive shares had per share prices ranging from - , - and - for 2022, 2021 and 2020,
 respectively.

64 

Index 

65 

Index 

Statement fees

Interchange revenue

ATM income

Other service charges

Total Service Charges

Trust

Brokerage and insurance

Other

Total

,000. At times, the Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with other financial institutions in excess of the insured amount.

U.S. Treasuries

Obligations of state and political subdivisions

Corporate obligations

Mortgage-backed securities in government sponsored entities 

Total available-for-sale securities

U.S. Treasuries

Obligations of state and political subdivisions

Corporate obligations

Mortgage-backed securities in government sponsored entities 

Total available-for-sale securities

66 

Index 

securities each of whose fair value was less than its cost basis.

U.S. Treasuries 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate obligations 

Mortgage-backed securities in government sponsored entities

Total securities

U.S. Treasuries 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate obligations 

Mortgage-backed securities in government sponsored entities 

Total securities

,000, ,000 and ,000, respectively. The gross losses realized during 2022 consisted of ,000 from the sales of agency securities. The gross gains realized during 2021 consisted of ,000 and ,000 from the sales of treasury securities and agency
 securities, respectively. The gross losses realized during 2021 consisted of ,000 from the sale of agency security. The gross gains realized during 2020 consisted of ,000 from the sales of mortgage backed securities. The gross losses
 realized during 2020 consisted of ,000 from the sale of mortgage backed securities. Gross gains and gross losses were realized as follows on available for sale securities (in thousands):

Gross losses

Net (losses) gains

Less: Net gains realized on the sale of equity securities during the period

Net unrealized gains (losses) recognized in earnings

67 

Index 

,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were
 pledged to secure public funds and certain other deposits as provided by law and certain borrowing arrangements of the Company.

Due after one year through five years

Due after five years through ten years

Due after ten years

Total

Commercial

Agricultural

Construction

Consumer

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

State and political subdivision loans

Total

Allowance for loan losses

Net loans

68 

Index 

Commercial

Agricultural

Construction

Consumer

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

State and political subdivision loans

Total

Allowance for loan losses

Net loans

million of PPP loans. There were outstanding principal balances of
 PPP loans as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding principal balances of million of PPP loans
 that were included in other commercial loans. As of December 31, 2022, all PPP loans had either been forgiven or repaid. The PPP loans were fully guaranteed by the SBA and were eligible for forgiveness by the SBA to the extent that the proceeds
 are used to cover eligible payroll costs, interest costs, rent, and utility costs over a period of up to 24 weeks after the loan was made as long as certain conditions were met regarding employee retention and compensation levels. PPP loans
 deemed eligible for forgiveness by the SBA were repaid by the SBA to the Company. The SBA issued guidance for forgiveness with a streamlined approach for loans of ,000 or less. 

,000 and ,000, respectively, were included in the carrying value of loans. Purchased loans acquired in connection with the FNB acquisition, the State College branch acquisition and the MidCoast acquisition were recorded at fair value on their acquisition date
 without a carryover of the related allowance for loan losses. 

,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively. The carrying value of the PCI loans was determined by projected discounted contractual cash flows.

,000 and the estimated fair value of the loans was ,000. Total contractually required payments on these loans, including interest, at the acquisition date was ,000. However, the Company s preliminary estimate of expected cash flows was ,000

at the acquisition date. At the acquisition date, the Company established a credit risk related non-accretable discount (a discount representing amounts which are not expected to be collected from the customer nor liquidation of collateral) of ,000 relating to these impaired loans, reflected in the recorded net fair value. Such amount is reflected as a non-accretable fair value adjustment
 to loans. The Company further estimated the timing and amount of expected cash flows in excess of the estimated fair value and established an accretable discount of ,000 on the acquisition date relating to these impaired loans.

69 

Index 

Non-accretable discount

Expected cash flows

Accretable discount

Estimated fair value

Accretion

Reclassification of non-accretable discount 

Balance at end of period

Carrying amount

,000 and ,000 at December
 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loans sold to Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae were sold without recourse and total ,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the Bank acquired a portfolio of loans sold to the FHLB during the acquisition of
 FNB, which were sold under the Mortgage Partnership Finance Program MPF ). The Bank was not an active participant in the MPF program in 2022 or 2021. The MPF portfolio balance was ,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively. The FHLB maintains a first-loss position for the MPF portfolio that totals ,000. Should the FHLB exhaust its first-loss
 position, recourse to the Bank s credit enhancement would be up to the next ,000 of losses. The Bank did not experience any losses for
 the MPF portfolio during 2022, 2021 or 2020.

to year first mortgages on residential real estate, while residential real estate home equities are consumer purpose installment loans or lines of credit secured by a mortgage which is often a second lien on
 residential real estate with terms of years or less. Commercial real estate are business purpose loans secured by a mortgage on
 commercial real estate. Agricultural real estate are loans secured by a mortgage on real estate used in agriculture production. Construction real estate are loans secured by residential or commercial real estate used during the construction phase of
 residential and commercial projects. Consumer loans are typically unsecured or primarily secured by collateral other than real estate and overdraft lines of credit connected with customer deposit accounts. Other commercial loans are loans for
 commercial purposes primarily secured by non-real estate collateral. Other agricultural loans are loans for agricultural purposes primarily secured by non real estate collateral. State and political subdivisions are loans for state and local
 municipalities for capital and operating expenses or tax free loans used to finance commercial development.

70 

Index 

days or more past due to be impaired. Certain residential mortgages, home equity and consumer loans that
 are cross collateralized with commercial relationships determined to be impaired may be classified as impaired as well. These loans are analyzed to determine if it is probable that all amounts will not be collected according to the contractual terms
 of the loan agreement. If management determines that the value of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan (net of previous charge-offs, deferred loan fees or costs and unamortized premium or discount), impairment is
 recognized through an allowance allocation or a charge-off to the allowance.

Home Equity

Commercial

Agricultural

Consumer

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

Total

Home Equity

Commercial

Agricultural

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

Total

Home Equity

Commercial

Agricultural

Consumer 

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

Total

71 

Index 

Home Equity

Commercial

Agricultural

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

Total

Home Equity

Commercial

Agricultural

Consumer

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

Total

72 

Index 

,000 are reviewed annually to
 ensure the appropriateness of the loan grade. In addition, the Company engages an external consultant on at least an annual basis to: 1) review a minimum of 
 of the dollar volume of the commercial, agricultural and municipal loan portfolios on an annual basis, 2) review a sample of new loans originated for over 
 million in the last year, 3) review a sample of borrowers with commitments greater than or equal to million, 4) review selected loan
 relationships over ,000 which are over 30 days past due or classified Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, or Loss, and 5) such
 other loans which management or the consultant deems appropriate.

Agricultural

Construction

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

State and political subdivision loans

Total

Agricultural

Construction

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

State and political subdivision loans

Total

Home Equity

Consumer

Total

Home Equity

Consumer

Total

73 

Index 

Home Equity

Commercial

Agricultural

Construction

Consumer

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

State and political

subdivision loans

Total

Loans considered non-accrual

Loans still accruing

Total

Home Equity

Commercial

Agricultural

Construction

Consumer

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

State and political

subdivision loans

Total

Loans considered non-accrual

Loans still accruing

Total

days delinquency, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection, although the Company may be receiving partial payments of interest and partial repayments of principal on such loans or if full payment of principal and interest is
 not expected.

74 

Index 

Home Equity

Commercial

Agricultural

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

,000, ,000 and ,000 during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, if these loans had performed in accordance with their terms.

,000, ,000 and ,000, respectively, that are associated with loans
 modified as TDRs.

75 

Index 

Commercial

Agricultural

Total

Agricultural

Total

Commercial

Agricultural

Consumer 

Other commercial loans 

Other agricultural loans

Total

Total recidivism

76 

Index 

,000 and ,000, respectively, of foreclosed assets. As of December 31, 2022, included within the foreclosed assets is ,000 of consumer residential mortgages that were foreclosed on or received via a deed in lieu transaction prior to the period end. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has
 initiated formal foreclosure proceedings on ,000 of consumer residential mortgages, which have not yet been transferred into foreclosed
 assets.

Commercial

Agricultural

Construction

Consumer

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

State and political subdivision loans

Unallocated

Total

Commercial

Agricultural

Construction

Consumer

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

State and political subdivision loans

Unallocated

Total

Commercial

Agricultural

Construction

Consumer

Other commercial loans

Other agricultural loans

State and political subdivision loans

Unallocated

Total

77 

Index 

78 

Index 

Buildings

Furniture, fixtures and equipment

Construction in process

Less: accumulated depreciation

Premises and equipment, net

,000,

,000 and ,000 for
 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

79 

Index 

Core deposit intangibles

Total amortized intangible assets

Unamortized intangible assets:

Goodwill

(1) 

Estimate for year ended December 31,

2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028 and thereafter 

Total 

,000
 and ,000, respectively, of FHLB stock. The stock does not have a readily determinable fair value and as such is classified as
 restricted stock, carried at cost and evaluated by management. The stock s value is determined by the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by recognizing temporary declines. The determination of whether the par value will ultimately
 be recovered is influenced by criteria such as the following: (a) A significant decline in net assets of the FHLB as compared to the capital stock amount and the length of time this situation has persisted (b) commitments by the FHLB to make payments
 required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to the operating performance (c) the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on the customer base of the FHLB and (d) the liquidity position of the FHLB. Management
 evaluated the stock and concluded that the stock was not impaired for the periods presented herein. Management considered that the FHLB s regulatory capital ratios are strong, liquidity appears adequate, new shares of FHLB stock continue to exchange
 hands at the par value and the FHLB has repurchased shares of excess capital stock from its members and has paid a quarterly cash
 dividend.

80 

Index 

NOW accounts

Savings deposits

Money market deposit accounts

Certificates of deposit

Total

,000

and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Brokered deposits totaled ,000 as of December 31, 2022. There were brokered
 certificates of deposits as of December 31, 2021.

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total certificates of deposit

Highest balance at any month-end

Average balance

Weighted average interest rate:

Paid during the year

As of year-end

2021 

Balance at December 31

Highest balance at any month-end

Average balance

Weighted average interest rate:

Paid during the year

As of year-end

81 

Index 

Total carrying value of collateral pledged

Total liability recognized for repurchase agreements

2021 

Repurchase Agreements:

U.S. agency securities

Total carrying value of collateral pledged

Total liability recognized for repurchase agreements

,000, inclusive of any outstanding advances and letters of credit. FHLB advances are secured by a blanket security agreement that includes the
 Company s FHLB stock, as well as certain investment and mortgage-backed securities held in safekeeping at the FHLB and certain residential and commercial mortgage loans. A portion of these advances, million, are subject to interest rate swap arrangements. See Note 17 for additional information. 

,000, inclusive of any
 outstanding balances. No specific collateral is required to be pledged for these borrowings. 

,000 and ,000, respectively, inclusive of any outstanding advances. The approximate carrying value of the municipal loan collateral was ,000 and ,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million revolving line of credit in December 2022 with a Pennsylvania community Bank with a maturity date of , subject to an annual review by the lender, which may extend the line an additional year. The line is subject to an annual fee of . Interest on outstanding borrowings is payable at prime minus No specific collateral is required to be pledged for these borrowings. 

million of fixed to floating rate subordinated notes that mature on , unless redeemed earlier. The notes bear interest at 
 per annum through April 16, 2026 and subsequently pay interest at the average secured overnight financing rate, determined on the
 determination date of the applicable interest period, plus 323 basis points. The Company may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, on
 or after April 16, 2026, and at any time upon the occurrence of certain events, subject in each case to the approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Issuance costs associated with the notes totaled ,000 and were capitalized and will be amortized over the life of the note on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective yield method. As
 of December 31, 2022, the net unamortized issuance costs totaled ,000. 

,000 of floating rate obligated mandatory redeemable trust preferred securities
 as part of a pooled offering. The rate was determined quarterly and floated based on the plus percent. The Entity may redeem them, in whole or in part, at face value after December 17, 2008, and on a quarterly basis thereafter. The
 Company borrowed the proceeds of the issuance from the Entity in December 2003 in the form of a ,000 note payable. Debt issue
 costs of ,000 have been capitalized and fully amortized as of December 31, 2008. Under current accounting rules, the Company s
 minority interest in the Entity was recorded at the initial investment amount and is included in the other assets section of the balance sheet. The Entity is not consolidated as part of the Company s consolidated financial statements. The ,000 note payable is subject to an interest rate swap arrangement. See Note 17 for additional information. 

82 

Index 

Total term loans

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total borrowed funds

,000, ,000 and ,0000 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

83 

Index 

Service cost

Interest cost

Actuarial (Gain) / Loss

Settlement gain

Benefits paid

Benefit obligation at end of year

Change in plan assets

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

Actual return (loss) on plan assets

Employer contribution

Benefits paid

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

Funded status

Prior service cost

Total

,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively.

Interest cost

Return on plan assets

Settlement loss (gain)

Net amortization and deferral

Net periodic benefit (income) cost

,000.

,000.

Rate of compensation increase

84 

Index 

Expected long-term return on plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase

- . The target allocation for debt securities is - . At December 31, 2022, the pension
 plan had a sufficient cash and money market position in order to re-allocate the equity portfolio for diversification purposes and reduce risk in the total portfolio. The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value hierarchy as
 defined in footnote 19, the Plan s assets at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Equity Securities

Mutual Funds and ETF s

Corporate Bonds

U.S. Agency Securities 

Total

Equity Securities

Mutual Funds and ETF s

Corporate Bonds

Total

,000 of total plan assets) and ,000 of total plan assets) at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively.

t expect to make a
 contribution to its pension plan in 2023. Expected future benefit payments that the Bank estimates from its pension plan are as follows (in thousands):

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 - 2032 

,000, ,000 and ,000 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

85 

Index 

,000 and ,000, respectively, was included in other liabilities for this plan in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Amounts included in interest expense on the deferred amounts totaled ,000, ,000 and ,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

shares of the Company s common stock to
 be made available under the Plan. As of December 31, 2022, shares remain available to be issued under the Plan. The Plan assists
 the Company in attracting, retaining and motivating employees to make substantial contributions to the success of the Company and to increase the emphasis on the use of equity as a key component of compensation. The following table details the
 vesting, awarding and forfeiting of unearned restricted shares during 2022:

Granted

Forfeited

Vested

Outstanding, end of year

,000, ,000 and ,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
 respectively. The per share weighted-average grant-date fair value of restricted shares granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. At
 December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost related to nonvested awards that has not yet been recognized was ,000, which is expected
 to be recognized over the next years.

,000 and ,000, respectively, for the SERP was included
 in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Expenses related to the SERP totaled ,000, ,000 and ,000 for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Benefit payments for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were ,000, ,000 and ,000, respectively. 

,000 and ,000, respectively, was included in other liabilities for the deferred compensation plan in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Expenses related to the deferred compensation plan totaled ,000, ,000 and ,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were benefit payments in 2022, 2021 or 2020.

86 

Index 

,000 and ,000,

respectively, was included in other liabilities for this plan in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Expenses related to the salary continuation plan totaled ,000,

,000 and ,000 for the
 years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Benefit payments related to the salary continuation plan totaled ,000, ,000, and ,000 for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively, which is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. (Benefits)/Expenses for the plan totaled ,000),

,000 and for the
 years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Deferred tax liability (asset)

Provision for income taxes

87 

Index 

Deferred compensation

Merger acquisition costs

Allowance for losses on available-for-sale securities

Pension and other retirement obligation

Interest on non-accrual loans

Incentive plan accruals

Other real estate owned

Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities

Low income housing tax credits

NOL carry forward

Right of use asset

Accrued vacation

Other

Total

Investment securities accretion

Loan fees and costs

Goodwill and core deposit intangibles

Mortgage servicing rights

Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities

Unrealized gains on equity securities 

Unrealized gains on interest rate swap 

Right of use asset

Other

Total

Deferred tax (liability) asset, net

valuation allowance was
 established at December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the Company s ability to carryback to taxes paid in previous years and certain tax strategies, coupled with the anticipated future taxable income as evidenced by the Company s earnings potential.

Effect of tax-exempt income

Low income housing tax credits

Bank owned life insurance

Nondeductible interest

Nondeductible merger and acquisition expenses

Other items

Provision for income taxes

Statutory tax rates

Effective tax rates

percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in
 the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting
 period in which that threshold is no longer met. There is currently liability for uncertain tax positions and known unrecognized tax benefits. With limited exception, the Company s federal and state income tax returns for taxable years through 2018 have been
 closed for purposes of examination by the federal and state taxing authorities.

88 

Index 

and partnerships, respectively, that provide affordable housing. The
 balance of the investments, which is included within other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, was ,000 and ,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Investments purchased prior to January 1, 2015, are accounted for utilizing the effective yield
 method. During 2022, the Company entered into additional partnerships that are expected to generate tax credits of ,000 that will be utilized over the next .
 During 2021, the Company entered into additional partnership that is expected to generate tax credits of ,000 that will be utilized over the next .
 Tax credits of ,000 were recognized as a reduction of tax expense during 2022, 2021 and 2020. Included within other expenses on the
 Consolidated Statement of Income was ,000 of amortization of the investments in qualified affordable housing projects for 2022,
 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Tax effect

Net -of-tax amount

Unrealized loss on interest rate swap

Tax effect

Net -of-tax amount

Unrecognized pension costs

Tax effect

Net -of-tax amount

Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 

89 

Index 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (net of tax)

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (net of tax)

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (net of tax)

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (net of tax)

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (net of tax)

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (net of tax)

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

(a) 

Available for sale securities (losses) gains, net

Provision for income taxes

Net of tax 

Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swap 

Interest expense 

Provision for income taxes 

Net of tax 

Defined benefit pension items

Other expenses

Provision for income taxes

Net of tax 

Total reclassifications

(a) 

New loans

Repayments

Balance, end of year

90 

Index 

,000, plus the Bank s 2023 year-to-date net income at the time of the dividend declaration.

,000.

capital categories ranging from well capitalized to critically under-capitalized. Should any institution fail to meet the requirements to be
 considered adequately capitalized , it would become subject to a series of increasingly restrictive regulatory actions.

Bank

Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): 

Company

Bank

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): 

Company

Bank

Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets): 

Company

Bank

91 

Index 

Standby letters of credit

period with an annual renewal option subject to prior approval by management. Fees
 earned from the issuance of these letters are recognized during the coverage period. For secured letters of credit, the collateral is typically Bank deposit instruments or customer business assets.

,000. 

The Company reserves the right to discontinue this service without prior notice.

92 

Index 

93 

Index 

interest rate swaps with a notional of million associated with the
 Company s cash outflows associated with various floating-rate amounts.

t recognize any hedge ineffectiveness in earnings during the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Amounts reported in accumulated other
 comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable-rate liabilities. During the twelve months ending December 31, 2023, the Company estimates that amount will be reclassified as an increase in interest expense.

million.

million and was not holding collateral of any derivative counterparties.

94 

Index 

Fixed - 

-Month Libor

Maturing in 2027 

other assets/(other liabilities)

Fixed - 

-Month Libor

Maturing in 2027 

other assets/(other liabilities)

Fixed - 

-Month Libor + 

Maturing in 2027 

other assets/(other liabilities)

Fixed - 

-Month Libor

Maturing in 2029 

other assets/(other liabilities)

Fixed - 

-Month Libor

Maturing in 2032 

other assets/(other liabilities)

Fixed - 

-Month Libor

Zero Premium Collar

other assets/(other liabilities)

Dealer Offset to Zero Premium Collar

other assets/(other liabilities)

Dealer Offset to Zero Premium Collar

other assets/(other liabilities)

Interest Expense

Other Assets 

Lease Liabilities:

Operating

Other Liabilities 

95 

Index 

Weighted average discount rate

Variable lease cost

Total lease cost

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and
 thereafter

Total undiscounted cash flows

Impact of present value discount

Amount reported on balance sheet 

96 

Index 

Available for sale securities:

U.S. Agency securities

U.S. Treasuries securities

Obligations of state and political subdivisions

Corporate obligations

Mortgage-backed securities in government sponsored entities

Other Assets 

Derivative instruments 

Liabilities 

Derivative instruments 

Available for sale securities:

U.S. Agency securities

U.S. Treasuries securities

Obligations of state and political subdivisions

Corporate obligations

Mortgage-backed securities in government sponsored entities

Other Assets 

Derivative instruments 

Liabilities 

Derivative instruments 

97 

Index 

Other real estate owned

Other real estate owned

,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

98 

Index 

Appraised Collateral Values

Discount for time since appraisal

- 

Selling costs

- 

Holding period

- months

months 

Other real estate owned

Appraised Collateral Values

Discount for time since appraisal

- 

Appraised Collateral Values

Discount for time since appraisal

- 

Selling costs

- 

Holding period

- months

months 

Other real estate owned

Appraised Collateral Values

Discount for time since appraisal

- 

Loans held for sale

Net loans

Financial liabilities:

Deposits

Borrowed funds

Loans held for sale

Net loans

Financial liabilities:

Deposits

Borrowed funds

99 

Index 

Investments

Investment in subsidiary:

First Citizens Community Bank 

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities:

Other liabilities

Borrowed funds

Total liabilities

Stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

Equity securities

Interest income 

Total income

Realized securities gains (losses)

Expenses

Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary

Equity in undistributed earnings - First Citizens Community Bank

Net income

Comprehensive (loss) income

100 

Index 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

Investment securities losses (gains), net

Other, net

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of equity securities

Proceeds from the sale of equity securities

Acquisition of Midcoast

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Cash dividends paid

Issuance of subordinated debt

Purchase of treasury stock

Sale of treasury stock to employee stock purchase plan

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash

Cash at beginning of year

Cash at end of year

101 

Index 

MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The
 Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
 subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

A material weakness is a significant deficiency (as defined in Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard No. 5), or a combination of significant deficiencies, that results in there
 being more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by management or employees in the normal course by management or employees in the
 normal course of performing their assigned functions.

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management s assessment did not identify any material weaknesses in the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting.

In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. 
 Because there were no material weaknesses discovered, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective.

/s/ Randall E. Black 
 By: Randall E. Black 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer)

Date: March 9, 2023

/s/ Stephen J. Guillaume 
 By: Stephen J. Guillaume

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Accounting Officer)

Date: March 9, 2023

102 

Index 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of

Citizens Financial Services, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; the
 related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022; and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements
 (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
 for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on
 our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent, with respect to the Company, in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the
 applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
 whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
 opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
 procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
 communicated to the Audit Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements; and (2) involve our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
 matters does not alter, in any way, our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or
 disclosures to which they relate.

103 

Index 

Allowance for Loan Losses (ALL)

Description of the Matter

The Company s loan portfolio totaled 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the associated ALL was 18.5 million. As discussed in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated
 financial statements, determining the amount of the ALL requires significant judgment about the collectability of loans, which includes an assessment of quantitative factors such as historical loss experience within each risk category of loans and
 testing of certain commercial loans for impairment. Management applies additional qualitative adjustments to reflect the inherent losses that exist in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date that are not reflected in the historical loss
 experience. Qualitative adjustments are made based upon changes in lending policies and practices, economic conditions, changes in the loan portfolio mix, trends in loan delinquencies and classified loans, collateral values, and concentrations of
 credit risk for the commercial loan portfolios.

We identified these qualitative adjustments within the ALL as critical audit matters because they involve a high degree of subjectivity. In turn, auditing management s
 judgments regarding the qualitative factors applied in the ALL calculation involved a high degree of subjectivity.

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

We gained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ALL, including the qualitative adjustments made to the ALL. We evaluated the design and tested
 the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s ALL process, which included, among others, management s review and approval controls designed to assess the need and level of qualitative adjustments to the ALL, as well as the reliability of
 the data utilized to support management s assessment.

To test the qualitative adjustments, we evaluated the appropriateness of management s methodology and assessed whether all relevant risks were reflected in the ALL.

Regarding the measurement of the qualitative adjustments, we evaluated the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of the data and inputs utilized in management s
 estimate. For example, we compared the inputs and data to the Company s historical loan performance data, third-party macroeconomic data, and peer bank data and considered the existence of new or contrary information. We also compared the ALL to a
 range of historical losses to evaluate the ALL, including the reasonableness of qualitative adjustments. Furthermore, we analyzed the changes in the components of the qualitative reserves relative to changes in external market factors, the Company s
 loan portfolio, and asset quality trends.

We also utilized internal credit review specialists with knowledge to evaluate the appropriateness of management s risk-rating processes, to ensure that the risk ratings
 applied to the commercial loan portfolio were reasonable.

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1994.

/s/ 

March 9, 2023

104 

Index 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE .

None.

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES .

(a)

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and
 procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or
 submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to
 the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

(b)

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting is incorporated herein by reference to Item 8 - the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K

(c)

Changes to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to
 materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION.

None.

ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS.

Not applicable

105 

Index 

PART III

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors

For information relating to the directors of the Company, the section captioned Proposal 1. Election of Directors in the Company s Proxy Statement for
 the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference.

Executive Officers

For information relating to officers of the Company, the section captioned Proposal 1. Election of Directors in the 2023 Proxy Statement is
 incorporated by reference.

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

For information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, the section captioned Other Information Relating to Directors and Executive
 Officers - Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference.

Disclosure of Code of Ethics

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to directors, officers and employees of the Company and the Bank. A copy of the Code of Ethics is posted on the Company s website at www.firstcitizensbank.com . 

The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or a waiver from, a provision of its Code of Ethics by posting such information on its website.

Corporate Governance

For information regarding the audit committee and its composition and the audit committee financial expert, the section captioned Corporate Governance 
 Committees of the Board of Directors in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference.

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Executive Compensation

For information regarding executive and director compensation, the sections captioned Director Compensation , Executive Compensation , Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis and Compensation Committee Report in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference.

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS

(a)

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership 
 in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement.

(b)

Security Ownership of Management Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership in the
 Company s 2023 Proxy Statement.

(c)

Changes in Control 

 Management of the Company knows of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person or securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of
 the registrant.

(d)

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2021 about Company common stock that may be issued under the Company s 2016 Restricted Stock Plan. The plan was approved by the Company s
 stockholders.

106 

Index 

Plan Category

Number of securities to be issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column)

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders

n/a

n/a

116,058

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders

n/a

n/a

n/a

Total

n/a

n/a

119,391

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

For information regarding certain relationships and related transactions, the section captioned Other Information Relating to Directors and Executive Officers
 - Transactions with Related Persons in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference.

Director Independence

For information regarding director independence, the section captioned Corporate Governance Director Independence in the Company s 2023 Proxy
 Statement is incorporated by reference.

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

For information regarding the principal accountant fees and expenses the section captioned Audit Related Matters in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement
 is incorporated by reference.

107 

Index 

PART IV

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

(a) 

The following documents are filed as a part of this report:

1.

The following financial statements are incorporated by reference in Item 8:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 74 

Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Consolidated Statement of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2.

All financial statement schedules are omitted because the required information is either not applicable, not required or isshown in the respective financial statement or in the notes thereto, which are
 incorporated by reference at subsection (a)(1) of this item.

3.

The following Exhibits are filed herewith, or incorporated by reference as a part of this report.

3.1 

Restated Articles of Incorporation of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (1) 

3.2 

Articles of Amendment of Restated Articles of Incorporation of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (2) 

3.3 

Bylaws of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (3) 

3.4 

Amendment No. 1 to Amended and restated Bylaws of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (4) 

4 

Instrument defining the rights of security holders

10.1 

Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement between Citizens Financial Services, Inc., First Citizens Community Bank and Randall E. Black (5) 

10.2 

Citizens Financial Services, Inc. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (6) 

10.3 

Citizens Financial Services, Inc. Directors Life Insurance Program (7) 

10.4 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (8) 

10.5 

Second Amendment to First Citizens Community Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (9) 

10.6 

Change in Control Agreement, between First Citizens Community Bank, Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (as guarantor) and Mickey L. Jones (10) 

10.7 

First Citizens Community Bank Annual Incentive Plan (11) 

10.8 

Amended and Restated First Citizens Community Bank Annual Incentive Plan

10.9 

First Citizens Community Bank Endorsement Split-Dollar Life Insurance Plan (12) 

10.10 

Citizens Financial Services, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (13) 

10.11 

Change in Control Agreement, between First Citizens Community Bank, Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (as guarantor) and Jeffrey L. Wilson (14) 

108 

Index 

10.12 

Change in Control Agreement, between First Citizens Community Bank, Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (as guarantor) and David Z. Richards, Jr. (15) 

10.13 

Change in Control Agreement, between First Citizens Community Bank, Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (as guarantor) and Jeffrey B. Carr (16) 

10.14 

First Citizens Community Bank Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (17) 

10.15 

Amended and Restated First Citizens Community Bank Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (18) 

10.16 

First Citizens Community Bank Long Term Incentive Plan (19) 

21 

List of Subsidiaries

23 

Consent of S.R. Snodgrass, P.C., Independent Registered Public Accountants

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer

101

The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) The Consolidated Balance Sheet,
 (ii) the Consolidated Statement of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and (vi) related notes.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement

(1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018, as
 filed with the Commission on August 9, 2018.

(2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on April 26,
 2021.

(3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on December
 17, 2020.

(4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on November
 23, 2022

(5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012,
 as filed with the Commission on August 9, 2012.

(6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019,
 as filed with the Commission on August 8, 2019.

(7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2004, as filed with the Commission on March 15, 2005.

(8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2012, as filed with the Commission on March 7, 2013.

(9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
 2021, as filed with the Commission on November 4, 2021.

109 

Index 

(10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012,
 as filed with the Commission on August 9, 2012.

(11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013,
 as filed with the Commission on August 8, 2013.

(12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on January
 7, 2015.

(13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s definitive proxy statements for the 2016 Annual Meeting of
 Shareholders, as filed with the Commission on March 10, 2016.

(14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on December 22, 2016.

(15) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on December 11, 2017.

(16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on December 21, 2017.

(17) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2018, as filed with the Commission on March 7, 2019.

(18) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2021, as filed with the Commission on March 10, 2022

(19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2019, as filed with the Commission on March 12, 2020.

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not Applicable.

110 

Index 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Citizens Financial Services, Inc.

(Registrant)

/s/ Randall E. Black 
 By: Randall E. Black 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer)

Date: March 9, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature and Capacity

Date

/s/ Randall E. Black 

March 9, 2023

Randall E. Black, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Stephen J. Guillaume 

March 9, 2023

Stephen J. Guillaume, Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Accounting Officer)

/s/ Robert W. Chappell 

March 9, 2023

Robert W. Chappell, Director

/s/ R. Joseph Landy 

March 9, 2023

R. Joseph Landy, Director

/s/ Roger C. Graham, Jr. 

March 9, 2023

Roger C. Graham, Director

/s/ E. Gene Kosa 

March 9, 2023

E. Gene Kosa, Director

/s/ Rinaldo A. DePaola 

March 9, 2023

Rinaldo A. DePaola, Director

/s/ Thomas E. Freeman 

March 9, 2023

Thomas E. Freeman, Director

/s/ Alletta M. Schadler 

March 9, 2023

Alletta M. Schadler, Director

/s/ Christopher W. Kunes 

March 9, 2023

Christopher W. Kunes

/s/ David Z, Richards, Jr .

March 9, 2023

David Z. Richards, Jr., Director

/s/ Mickey L. Jones. 

March 9, 2023

Mickey L. Jones, Director

/s/ Janie M Hifiger 

March 9, 2023

Janie M Hilfiger, Director

111 

<EX-4>
 2
 brhc10049067_ex4.htm
 EXHIBIT 4

Exhibit 4 

</EX-4>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 brhc10049067_ex10-8.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8

Exhibit 10.8

FIRST CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANK

 ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN

 (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2022)

I. 

Introduction and Objectives

The Annual Incentive Plan (the Plan is designed to recognize and reward participants for their collective and individual contributions to the success of First Citizens Community
 Bank (the Bank and Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (the Company collectively referred to herein as the Employer . The Plan focuses on performance measures that are critical to the Bank s
 growth and profitability.

The objectives of the Plan are to:

Reward results, not effort.

Align the Employer s strategic plan, budget, and shareholder interests with participant performance.

Motivate and reward participants for achieving /exceeding performance goals.

Align incentive pay with performance.

Enable the Employer to attract and retain talent needed to drive the success of the Bank and the Company.

Encourage teamwork across the Bank and the Company.

II. 

Performance Period/Plan Year

The performance period and the Plan operate on a calendar year basis (January 1 st - December 31 st ).

III. 

Incentive Award Opportunity

A. The Company s Compensation/Human Resource Committee (the Committee ), in consultation with executive management, determines each participant s Incentive Award Opportunity under the Plan.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s named executive officers (as noted in the Company s annual proxy statement) do not participate in the determination of their annual Incentive Award Opportunities. As noted in Section III (B) of this Plan,
 Incentive Award Opportunities are shown as a percentage of base salary as such term is defined in Section II (C) of this Plan. Actual awards vary based on Company, Bank and Departmental/Branch performance. (See
 Section IV Performance Measures.) 

B. Appendix B, attached hereto, sets forth the Incentive Award Opportunities for the various positions at the Bank and the Company level. These incentive opportunities are reviewed annually
 by the Committee to ensure the awards remain competitive, based on industry standards and Company objectives. As noted in Section III (A) above, Incentive Award Opportunities are illustrated as a percentage of a participant s base salary (as
 defined in paragraph C below).

1 

C. Exclusively for purposes of this Plan, base salary is defined as the compensation earned by a Participant during the Plan Year for services rendered to the Employer, excluding the following items :

Profit sharing contributions

Other discretionary incentive compensation (such as leadership awards and service awards)

Cash payments received for waiving Employer-paid health insurance

Cell phone allowances

Fringe benefits

IV. 

Performance Measures

There are two primary categories in which performance is measured under the Plan: Corporate/Bank goals and Branch/Department goals. Goals and weightings will be tailored to each Participant s
 position, branch or department, as applicable.

The Committee takes into consideration the budget, strategic plan and other relevant items when setting specific performance measures. Weightings for the categories are subject to review and
 adjustment by the Committee on an annual basis. See Appendix C .)

A. Corporate/Bank Performance Measures : The Company/Bank goals focus on overall bank performance
 such as Company returns, income and other similar measures. These goals will reflect core measures of profitability and efficiency of Bank and Company resources. The Committee generally establishes these performance measures based on three-year
 averages as compared to the Company s peer group. The current peer group is set forth on Appendix A to this Plan and is reviewed annually. In calculating performance results, the Compensation Committee reviews public peer data compiled by the
 President/Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Bank.

B. Branch/Department Performance Measures : The Branch/Department goals focus on key discipline
 areas of the Branch or Department and may include items such as deposit growth, asset quality, strategic planning and other similar projects/initiatives. Specific goals are set annually by Executive Management and the Committee . 

V. 

Determining Payouts and the Distribution of Incentive Awards

A. At the beginning of each performance period, Participants will be given a performance scorecard for the Plan Year, setting forth Company/Bank performance goals and Branch or Departmental
 performance goals, as applicable to each Participant. At the end of the performance period, the President/Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company will evaluate the achievement of the Bank/Company performance goals,
 utilizing peer group performance when applicable, and review the results with the Committee. Executive Management, in consultation with Senior Management, will evaluate the achievement of the Department/Branch Performance goals and review such
 results with the Committee. The Chief Operating Officer will then complete a scorecard for each Participant and provide the scorecards to the Committee for final review.

2 

B. Incentive Award amounts are calculated based on a percentage of base salary as defined in Section III (C) as of December 31 st for the
 applicable Plan Year. Incentive Awards are considered ordinary income to Participants in the year distributed and are subject to income tax and other applicable tax withholding.

C. Incentive Awards may be paid in cash or Company common stock Restricted Stock ), as determined by the Committee on an annual basis. Any such Restricted Stock shall be granted under the
 Citizens Financial Services, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and shall be subject to the terms and conditions thereof. (See Appendix D for specific Award allocations.) 

D. The Committee, in its sole discretion, determines the payments to be made under this Plan based on the scorecards and the overall financial performance of the Bank and the Company.

VI. 

Terms and Conditions

A. Eligibility . Eligible employees are determined annually by the Company, in consultation with executive management. Eligibility in the Plan does not
 guarantee an Incentive Award will be paid.

B. Effective Date . This Plan was originally effective as of January 1, 2010. The Plan was amended and restated in its entirety effective January 1,
 2022.

C. Program Administration . The Program is authorized by the Committee and administered by Executive Management.

D. Program Changes or Discontinuance . The Bank developed the Plan based on current business, market and economic conditions; current services; and
 staff assignments. If changes occur that affect these conditions, services, assignments, or forecasts, the Bank may add to, amend, modify or discontinue any of the terms or conditions of the plan at any time.

The Committee may, in its sole discretion, waive, change or amend the Plan as it deems appropriate and at any time.

E. Promotions and Transfers 

If a Participant changes his/her role or is promoted during the Plan year such that the Incentive Award opportunity changes, he/she will be eligible for the new position s incentive award opportunity
 on a pro rata basis (i.e., the award will be prorated based on the number of months employed in each respective position.)

3 

F. Termination of Employment 

Unless otherwise noted in this Plan, a Participant must be actively employed by the Bank or the Company on the date an Incentive Award is paid in order to be eligible to receive the award. In
 addition, if an employee has given notice of termination, any incentive award not yet paid will be forfeited. (See exceptions for death and retirement below.) 

G. Death, Retirement or a Change in Control 

Death . In the event of a Participant s death, the Employer will pay to the Participant s
 estate an Incentive Award earned for the Plan Year in which the Participant dies. Such award will be determined based on the participant s base salary earned as of his or her date of death. In addition, if a Participant dies prior to the
 distribution of an Incentive Award from a prior Plan Year, the participant s estate will receive the Award that the Participant would have received had the Participant been employed as of the date of distribution of the Incentive Award payout. 

Retirement . If a Participant retires upon the attainment of Normal Retirement Age or Early
 Retirement Age (as defined in the Bank s tax-qualified retirement plan), the Participant will receive an Incentive Award earned for the Plan Year in which he or she retires. Such award will be determined based on the participant s base salary
 earned as of his or her retirement date. In addition, if the Participant retires prior to the distribution of an Incentive Award from a prior Plan Year, the Participant will receive the award that the Participant would have received had the
 Participant been employed as of the date of distribution of the Incentive Award payout. 

Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control (as defined herein) followed by a
 separation from service, Participants will receive a pro rata payout based on the period of active employment with the Employer. Performance results will be determined according to the results for the current year on a pro rata period basis and
 applied to the pro rata base salary earned. Adjustments may be made by Executive Management and/or Committee in their sole discretion. Performance results that are based on peer company results not yet reported will be assumed to have been 100 
 achieved. Incentive Awards will be distributed within ten (10) business days of the date of separation from service. 

For purposes of this Plan, the term Change in Control shall mean: a change in control of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A
 and any successor rule or regulation promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act if Company or Bank were subject to the Exchange Act reporting requirements; provided that, without limiting the foregoing, such a Change
 in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if the Board of Directors certifies that one of the following has occurred: (a) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company or Bank or any
 person who on the date hereof is a director or officer of the Company or Bank is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company or Bank representing fifty
 percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s or Bank s then outstanding securities, or (b) a merger, consolidation or business combination with the Company and/or Bank occurs. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan,
 in the event a Participant is determined to be a key employee as that term is defined by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code no payment shall be made until one day following six months from the date of separation from service as that term is
 defined by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.

4 

VII. 

Ethics and Interpretation

If there is any ambiguity as to the meaning of any terms or provisions of this Plan or any questions as to the correct interpretation of any information contained therein, the Employer s
 interpretation expressed by Executive Management and/or Committee will be final and binding.

The altering, inflating, and/or inappropriate manipulation of performance/financial results or any other infraction of recognized ethical business standards will subject the employee to disciplinary
 action up to and including termination of employment. In addition, any incentive compensation as provided by the Plan to which the Participant would otherwise be entitled will be revoked.

Participants who have willfully engaged in any activity injurious to the Bank or the Company will, upon termination of service, forfeit any incentive award earned during the award period in which the
 termination occurred.

VIII. 

Miscellaneous

The Plan will not be deemed to give any Participant the right to be retained in the employ of the Bank or the Company, nor will the Plan interfere with the right of the Bank or the Company to
 discharge any Participant at any time.

In the absence of an authorized, written employment contract, the relationship between employees and the Bank and the Company is one of at-will employment. The Plan does not alter the relationship.

This Plan and the transactions and payments hereunder shall, in all respect, be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

Each provision in this Plan is severable, and if any provision is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not, in any way, be affected or
 impaired thereby.

5 

APPENDIX A

PEER GROUP

 (Updated Annually)

Bank 

Location 

State 

Adams County National Bank

Gettysburg

PA

Chemung Canal Trust Company

Elmira

NY

Citizens and Northern

Wellsboro

PA

First Keystone Community Bank

Berwick

PA

F M Trust

Chambersburg

PA

Orrstown Bank

Shippensburg

PA

Jersey Shore State Bank

Williamsport

PA

Peoples Security Bank Trust

Hallstead

PA

QNB Bank

Quakertown

PA

AmeriServ Financial

Johnstown

PA

Ephrata National Bank

Ephrata

PA

First National Community Bank

Dunmore

PA

PeoplesBank

York

PA

Bank of Delmarva

Salisbury

MD

Fidelity Bank

Dunmore

PA

ESSA Bank Trust

Stroudsburg

PA

First Citizens Community Bank

Mansfield

PA

6 

APPENDIX B

INCENTIVE AWARD OPPORTUNITY

 (Subject to Annual Review by the Committee)

Position

Incentive Award 

 Opportunity as a 

 Percentage of Base

 Salary

 (up to)

CEO/President

100.0 

Executive Management :

Chief Operating Officer

75.0 

EVP Chief Market Dev Officer

35.0 

Senior Management

25.0 

Incentive Award Opportunities for all other Participants will be provided to each Participant by Management at the beginning of each Plan Year.

7 

APPENDIX C

PERFORMANCE MEASURE WEIGHTINGS

 (Subject to Annual Review by the Committee)

Position

Company/Bank

 Measures

Department/

 Branch 

 Measures

CEO/President

85 

15 

Executive Management:

Chief Operating Officer

80 

20 

EVP Chief Market Dev Officer

50 

50 

Performance Measure Weightings for Senior Management and all other Participants will be provided by Management at the beginning of each Plan Year.

The specific performance measures and the weighting for each measure are reviewed annually by the Committee in order to reflect the Employer s strategic priorities and financial objectives. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may elect, in its sole discretion, to amend or modify these measures at any time (See Section VI (D) Program Changes or Discontinuance.) 

8 

APPENDIX D

DISTRIBUTION OF INCENTIVE AWARDS

 (Subject to Annual Review by the Committee)

CEO, Executive Management and Senior Management

Event 

Cash

Restricted Stock/Stock

Plan Year Prior to Attaining Retirement Eligibility

70 

30 Restricted Stock

Year of Attaining Retirement Eligibility and Each Year Thereafter

Option of

 70 to 100 

Option of

 30 to 0 Stock

Retirement eligibility as defined in the Bank s tax-qualified retirement plan

All shares of Restricted Stock awarded are provided through the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, approved by Company shareholders. Restricted Stock will vest ratably over the three-year period
 commencing on the date of the first anniversary of each award. For employees who have reached Retirement Eligibility, stock awards will be granted with no restrictions (i.e., fully vested) and fully taxable in the year of the grant.

Income Tax Withholding . For Participants who have attained Retirement Eligibility, a
 Participant may satisfy the income tax withholding obligation by electing to use cash or a combination of cash and stock, by requesting the Company withhold a portion of a Stock Award (between 0 and 30 of the incentive award) based on the current
 fair market value. 

All Other Participants

The Committee determines cash and stock percentages, unless otherwise stated elsewhere.

9 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21>
 4
 brhc10049067_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21

SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

CZFS Acquisition Company, LLC of Mansfield, Pennsylvania is the Company s sole subsidiary.

First Citizens Community Bank of Mansfield, Pennsylvania is CZFS Acquisition Company, LLC s sole subsidiary. 

The Bank's subsidiaries are First Citizens Insurance Agency, Inc. and 1st Realty of PA, LLC, both of Mansfield, Pennsylvania.

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 brhc10049067_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of Citizens Financial Services, Inc.:

Registration Statement on Form S-8 relating to the Citizens Financial Services, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (File # 333-211662)

Registration Statement on Form S-4 related to the merger with HV Bancorp, Inc. (File # 333-268840)

Registration Statement on Form S-3/D related to the Citizens Financial Services, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment Plan (File # 187451)

of our report dated March 9, 2023, related to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. and subsidiaries
 included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania

 March 9, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 brhc10049067_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer

I, Randall E. Black, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Citizens Financial Services, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 9, 2023

/s/ Randall E. Black 

By: Randall E. Black

Chief Executive Officer and President

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 brhc10049067_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer

I, Stephen J. Guillaume, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Citizens Financial Services, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 9, 2023

/s/ Stephen J, Guillaume 

By: Stephen J. Guillaume

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 brhc10049067_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

 Certification Pursuant To

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350

 As Added By

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K (the "Report") for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, I,
 Randall E. Black, Chief Executive Officer and President, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report.

/s/ Randall E. Black 

 By: Randall E. Black 
 Randall E. Black

 Chief Executive Officer and President 

Date: March 9, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 brhc10049067_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

 Certification Pursuant To

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350

 As Added By

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K (the "Report") for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, I,
 Stephen J, Guillaume, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report.

/s/ Stephen J. Guillaume 

 By: Stephen J. Guillaume 
 Stephen J. Guillaume

 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 9, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 czfs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 czfs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 czfs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 czfs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 czfs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

