<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1689382_0001140361-23-014864.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18201490</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261816</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2540915</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6288817</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4582639</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3836435</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-014864.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330170210
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-014864
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trilogy International Partners Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001689382
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55716
		FILM NUMBER:		23781562

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		155 - 108 AVENUE NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425 458-5900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		155 - 108 AVENUE NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alignvest Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-014864.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 brhc10050203_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

,
 Canada

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification No.)

,

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

Common Shares, no par value

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
 growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
 the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
 registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

YES NO 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the closing price of the registrant s common shares, no par
 value Common Shares ), was C 0.30. The aggregate market value of the Common Shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant (each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding Common Shares of
 the registrant, each officer and director), computed by reference to the closing price for the Common Shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Toronto Stock Exchange was C million (US million based on the exchange rate as of June 30, 2022).

As of March 30, 2023, there were Common Shares
 outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PAGE

GENERAL MATTERS 

1

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

1

PART I 

2

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS 

2

ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS 

6

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

8

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES 

8

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

9

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

9

PART II 

9

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

9

ITEM 6.

[RESERVED] 

10

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

10

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

32

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

32

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

32

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

32

ITEM 9B.

OTHER INFORMATION 

33

ITEM 9C.

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

33 

PART III 

34

ITEM 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

34

ITEM 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

36

ITEM 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

39

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

40

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

41

PART IV 

42

ITEM 15.

EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

42

ITEM 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

43

SIGNATURES 

44

Table of Contents 

GENERAL MATTERS

Unless the context otherwise indicates, references to the Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report mean Trilogy International Partners Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to
 Trilogy LLC mean Trilogy International Partners LLC, which became a subsidiary of the Company upon completion of the Arrangement (as defined below). See Item 1. Business .

Unless otherwise indicated, all information in this Annual Report is presented as at March 30, 2023, and references to specific years are references to the fiscal years of the Company ended December 31.

Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to or US are to United States dollars. References to CAD or C are to Canadian dollars and
 references to NZD are to New Zealand dollars.

Amounts for subtotals, totals and percentage variances included in tables in this Annual Report may not sum or calculate using the numbers as they appear in the tables due to rounding.

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements and information in this Annual Report are not based on historical facts and constitute forward-looking statements or forward-looking information within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities
 Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Canadian securities laws forward-looking statements ). Forward-looking statements are provided to help you understand the Company s views of its short and longer term plans, expectations and prospects. The
 Company cautions you that forward-looking statements may not be appropriate for other purposes.

Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company s business outlook for the short and longer term and statements regarding the Company s strategy and plans. Furthermore, any statements that express or
 involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward-looking statements. Such statements are
 identified often, but not always, by words or phrases such as expects , is expected , anticipates , believes , plans , projects , estimates , assumes , intends , strategy , goals , objectives , potential , possible or variations
 thereof or stating that certain actions, events, conditions or results may , could , would , should , might or will occur, be taken, or be achieved, or the negative of any of these terms and similar expressions including, but not limited
 to:

the timing of the liquidation and dissolution of the Company following its adoption of a plan of liquidation on June 10, 2022;

the amount and timing of the release to the Company of funds held in escrow to secure payment of certain indemnification obligations under the Purchase Agreement (as defined below); the escrow period is scheduled to terminate in May
 2023;

the timing and amount of any distribution to shareholders;

expenses associated with the Company losing its foreign private issuer status under U.S. federal securities laws;

the ability of U.S. persons to sell their Common Shares;

the expectation of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board that the financial resources available to the Company following the cash distributions to shareholders will be adequate to fund the Company s outstanding
 indemnification obligations (beyond those for which funds have been placed in escrow) and ongoing costs of operating the Company prior to its liquidation and dissolution; and

the possibility of changes in the securities regulations of Canada and the United States that could affect the ability of investors to trade their Common Shares.

Forward-looking statements are not promises or guarantees of future performance. Such statements reflect the Company s current views with respect to future events and may change significantly. Forward-looking
 statements are subject to, and are necessarily based upon, a number of estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by the Company, are inherently subject to significant economic uncertainties and contingencies, many of which, with
 respect to future events, are subject to change. The material assumptions used by the Company to develop such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:

the amount and timing of the release to the Company of funds held in escrow to secure payment of certain indemnification obligations under the Purchase Agreement; the escrow period is scheduled to terminate in May 2023;

taxes payable; and

currency exchange rates.

1 

Table of Contents 

Many factors could cause the Company s actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements due to a variety of known and unknown risks,
 uncertainties and other factors, including, without limitation, those described below under Item 1.A Risk Factors and those referred to in the Company s other regulatory filings with the U.S. Securities
 and Exchange Commission SEC in the United States and the provincial securities commissions in Canada. Such risks, as well as uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ significantly from those expressed
 or implied in the Company s forward-looking statements, include, without limitation:

the amount and timing of the release to the Company of funds held in escrow to secure payment of certain indemnification obligations under the Purchase Agreement; the escrow period is scheduled to terminate in May 2023;

risks related to anti-corruption compliance;

reliance on limited management resources;

tax related risks;

risks related to being a publicly traded company, including, but not limited to, compliance and costs associated with the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (to the extent applicable);

an increase in costs and demands on management resources as a result of the Company ceasing to qualify as an emerging growth company on December 31, 2022 under the U.S. Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012;

additional expenses in connection with the Company losing its foreign private issuer status under U.S. federal securities laws;

the determination to not pay dividends;

risks related to the liquidity of the market for the Common Shares;

risks related to litigation, including class actions and regulatory matters;

risks that the market price and trading volume of the Common Shares may materially decrease or experience increased fluctuation;

foreign exchange rate and associated risks;

risks related to currency controls and withholding taxes;

risks related to the impact of new laws and regulations;

risks associated with the Company s internal controls over financial reporting; and

the costs associated with the dissolution of the Company.

This list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect any of the Company s forward-looking statements.

All forward-looking statements included herein are based on the beliefs, expectations and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. Except as required by applicable law, the Company does not assume
 any obligation to update forward-looking statements should circumstances or management s beliefs, expectations or opinions change. For the reasons set forth above, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.

Part I

Item 1.

Business

Incorporation

The Company was incorporated under the name Alignvest Acquisition Corporation under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) on May 11, 2015. Alignvest (as defined below)
 was a special purpose acquisition corporation formed for the purpose of effecting an acquisition of one or more businesses or assets, by way of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or any other similar
 business combination involving Alignvest, referred to as its qualifying acquisition .

Background

On February 7, 2017, Trilogy LLC, a Washington limited liability company, and Alignvest Acquisition Corporation Alignvest , now TIP Inc. ), completed a court approved plan of arrangement (the Arrangement pursuant to an arrangement agreement dated November 1, 2016 (as amended December 20, 2016, the Arrangement Agreement ). As a result of the Arrangement, TIP Inc., through a wholly owned subsidiary, obtained a controlling interest in and thus
 consolidates Trilogy LLC. As of December 31, 2022, TIP Inc. holds a 100 economic ownership interest in Trilogy LLC.

2 

Table of Contents 

The Company historically had two reportable segments identified by their geographic regions, New Zealand and Bolivia. Two Degrees Mobile Limited 2degrees operated in New Zealand and Empresa de Telecomunicaciones
 NuevaTel (PCS de Bolivia), S.A. NuevaTel operated in Bolivia. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company completed the sales of its operations in New Zealand and Bolivia, which represented substantially all of the operating activity of the
 Company s business.

Through former subsidiaries, Trilogy LLC provided wireless voice and data communications in New Zealand and Bolivia including local, international long distance and roaming services, for both customers and
 international visitors roaming on its networks. These services were provided under Global System for Mobile Communications GSM or 2G (in Bolivia only), Universal Mobile Telecommunication Service, a GSM-based third generation mobile service
 for mobile communications networks 3G ), and Long Term Evolution, a widely deployed fourth generation service 4G LTE ), technologies. Trilogy LLC s New Zealand former subsidiary also provided fixed broadband communications to residential and
 enterprise customers.

2degrees Sale

On December 31, 2021, Trilogy International New Zealand LLC TINZ ), Tesbrit B.V. Tesbrit , together with TINZ, the Vendors ), Voyage Digital (NZ) Limited Voyage Digital ), and Voyage Australia Holdings Pty
 Limited entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement pursuant to which Voyage Digital agreed to acquire, subject to certain terms and conditions, all of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of 2degrees owned by the
 Vendors (the 2degrees Sale ). On the same date, Voyage Digital entered into a share purchase agreement with Pacific Custodians (New Zealand) Limited to acquire the issued and outstanding shares, and shares to be issued on conversion of options, in
 the capital of 2degrees beneficially owned by former and current employees of 2degrees. By virtue of executing these two share purchase agreements, Voyage Digital committed to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of
 2degrees. On March 15, 2022, the 2degrees Sale was approved by special resolution at a meeting of TIP Inc. s shareholders.

On May 19, 2022, the Company completed the sale of its 73.2 interest in 2degrees. For its ownership interest in 2degrees, the Company s share of the total consideration was approximately 601 million 930 million
 NZD), net of 21 million 33 million NZD) of closing adjustments, including transaction advisory fees, along with payments to satisfy the outstanding 2degrees option pool. Approximately 22 million NZD of the consideration paid by Voyage Digital
 for the Company s 2degrees shares is being held in escrow as recourse for potential indemnification claims that may arise under the Purchase Agreement. The escrowed proceeds are scheduled to be released in May 2023. The amount of escrow proceeds
 that will ultimately be received will depend upon whether any indemnification obligations arise under the Purchase Agreement, and the receivable will be monitored for potential impairment over time as facts and circumstances evolve.

NuevaTel Transaction

In March 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to transfer 100 of its indirect equity interest in NuevaTel to Balesia Technologies, Inc. Balesia for a nominal purchase price (the NuevaTel Transaction ).
 The Company owned 71.5 of the equity in NuevaTel.

On May 14, 2022, the NuevaTel Transaction closed.

Indebtedness

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 663.3 million of total debt and financing lease liabilities. Promptly following the closing of the 2degrees Sale, the Company repaid its outstanding indebtedness and related
 accrued interest of approximately 450 million. As a result of these prepayments and the sale of the operations, the Company had no remaining indebtedness outstanding as of December 31, 2022.

Operations Overview

Trilogy LLC Background

Trilogy LLC, based in Bellevue, Washington, is owned by Trilogy Intermediate Holdings (as defined below). Trilogy LLC was founded in 2005 by John W. Stanton, Bradley J. Horwitz, and Theresa E. Gillespie
 (collectively, the Trilogy LLC Founders ), who, together with a small group of other investors, bought assets including Bolivia (NuevaTel) from Western Wireless Corporation Western Wireless ), which had been founded by the Trilogy LLC Founders
 and sold to Alltel Corporation for 6 billion in 2005.

3 

Table of Contents 

Over the following years, Trilogy LLC completed a number of transactions. In 2008, Trilogy LLC acquired 26 of New Zealand Communications Limited, a greenfield mobile wireless operator in New Zealand, now known as
 2degrees. Trilogy LLC subsequently increased its stake in 2degrees over the years. Focusing its efforts on growing 2degrees and NuevaTel, Trilogy LLC sold its operating company in Haiti in 2012 and its operating company in the Dominican Republic
 (adjacent to Haiti) in 2016. In 2015, 2degrees acquired Snap Limited, a New Zealand provider of fixed broadband communications services to enterprise and residential subscribers.

Trilogy International Partners Inc.

Prior to the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction, the Company owned and controlled majority stakes in two operations that the Trilogy LLC Founders grew from greenfield developments. 2degrees in New Zealand and
 NuevaTel in Bolivia provided communications services customized for each market, including local, international long distance, and roaming services for both customers and international visitors roaming on their networks. 2degrees and NuevaTel also
 provided fixed broadband services. Both companies provided mobile services on both a prepaid and postpaid basis.

2degrees and NuevaTel s networks supported several digital technologies including GSM (NuevaTel only), 3G, and 4G LTE. Deployment of 4G LTE in New Zealand and Bolivia enabled the Company to offer its wireless
 subscribers in those markets a wide range of advanced services while achieving greater network capacity through improved spectral efficiency.

For a breakdown of total revenues for each geographic market prior to the sale of operations, see Item 7 Operating Results- New Zealand Operating Results and - Bolivia Operating Results. 

New Zealand (2degrees) background

Prior to 2degrees entry, the New Zealand wireless communications market was a duopoly, and the incumbent operators, Vodafone and Spark, were able to set relatively high prices, which resulted in low wireless usage
 by consumers. Additionally, mobile revenue in New Zealand in 2009 was only 31 of total New Zealand telecommunications industry revenue compared to 42 for the rest of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development countries. These two
 factors led the Company to believe that New Zealand presented a significant opportunity for a third competitor to enter the market successfully.

2degrees launched in the New Zealand wireless market in 2009 through innovative pricing, a customer-centric focus and differentiated brand positioning. 2degrees introduced a novel, low-cost, prepaid mobile product
 that cut the incumbents prices of prepaid voice calls and text messages in half and rapidly gained market share. Since then, 2degrees reinforced its reputation as the challenger brand by combining higher value-for-money alternatives with excellent
 customer service. Additionally, 2degrees provided fixed broadband communications services to residential and enterprise customers. Fixed broadband services also supported increased business-to-business penetration. In May 2022, the 2degrees
 business had been disposed of and the Company no longer owned or operated the New Zealand segment.

Bolivia (NuevaTel) background

The Trilogy LLC Founders launched NuevaTel in 2000 while they served in senior management roles with Western Wireless. Trilogy LLC subsequently acquired a majority interest in the business in 2006. NuevaTel, which
 operated under the brand name Viva in Bolivia, provided wireless, long distance, public telephony and wireless broadband communication services.

In May 2022, the NuevaTel business had been disposed of and the Company no longer owned or operated the Bolivia segment.

Sale of Operations Overview

The Company historically had two reportable segments, New Zealand and Bolivia. As noted above, during the second quarter of 2022, the Company completed the sales of its operations in New Zealand and Bolivia which
 represented substantially all of the operating activity of the Company s business. The disposals and comparative historical periods are not presented as discontinued operations since the associated activities represented substantially all of the
 Company s net productive assets, business activities and results of operations. Accordingly, they do not meet the definition of a component of an entity that would qualify for discontinued operations presentation because they are not clearly
 distinguishable from the rest of the entity. Since presentation of discontinued operations is not applicable, the presentation of segment information for New Zealand and Bolivia has been retained.

4 

Table of Contents 

Continuing Operations Overview

Substantially all of the proceeds received by the Company from the 2degrees Sale, after prepayment of debt obligations and payment of certain corporate working capital obligations accrued through the date of the
 transaction, were converted to USD and Canadian currency in the amounts expected to be used for distributions to shareholders and corporate use. These amounts were used to fund the initial shareholder distribution made in June 2022 in the aggregate
 amount of 150 million CAD 116 million) and to provide a cash reserve. The Company s cash reserve also includes its share of the escrow balance in the amount of 22 million NZD retained from the proceeds of the 2degrees Sale. In connection with
 the Company s plan of liquidation adopted on June 10, 2022, the cash reserve will be utilized for costs related to the eventual dissolution of the Company, including costs related to continued financial reporting, and headquarters costs through
 mid-year 2023 along with payment of the 7.1 million balance of Other current liabilities and accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022 as presented in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet (including 5.1 million of remaining expected severance
 payments to be made in connection with the Company s wind-down process). The cash reserve will also be utilized for the payment of indemnification claims, if any, that may arise from the transaction but are not funded by the warranty insurance
 policy purchased in connection with the 2degrees Sale or by the aforementioned purchase price escrow. Furthermore, based on the Company s current estimates, the Company expects to make a distribution in mid-2023 in a range of 15 million to 20
 million. However, as previously disclosed, the amount and timing of future shareholder distributions is subject to certain factors, including the amount and timing of the release to the Company of funds held in escrow to secure payment of certain
 indemnification obligations under the Purchase Agreement (the escrow period is scheduled to terminate in May 2023), fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and costs associated with the dissolution of the Company.

On December 28, 2022, the Company s listing of the Common Shares was transferred from the Toronto Stock Exchange to the NEX board of the TSX Venture Exchange (the TSXV ). The Common Shares now trade under the symbol
 TRL.H .

As a foreign private issuer, as defined in Rule 3b-4 under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Company was historically exempt from certain of the provisions of the
 U.S. federal securities laws. For example, the Exchange Act and the Section 16 reporting and short swing profit rules do not apply to foreign private issuers. On June 30, 2022, the Company ceased to be a foreign private issuer. Thus, these rules
 applied commencing with the beginning of the Company s 2023 fiscal year and the Company is also, among other things, now required to commence reporting on forms required of U.S. companies, such as Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, rather than the forms
 previously available to the Company, such as Forms 20-F and 6-K. Compliance with these disclosure requirements is likely to result in increased expenses and require the Company s management to devote time and resources to comply with new regulatory
 requirements. Additionally, the Company s resale registration of its Common Shares, made on Form F-3 in 2021 while the Company was a foreign private issuer, terminates concurrently with the Company s filing of this Annual Report. The termination of
 the resale registration will not affect the ability of investors who are non-US persons, as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), to continue to sell their Common Shares in 2023 or
 thereafter. So long as the Common Shares remain listed on the NEX board of the TSXV, U.S. persons who hold Common Shares will continue to be able to sell their shares after March 30, 2023, pursuant to Regulation S of the 1933 Act subject to the
 rules of Regulation S or another designated offshore securities market DOSM ). Regulation S requires, among other things, that a U.S. person selling unregistered shares on a DOSM not know that the sale has been pre-arranged with a buyer in the
 United States. U.S. persons may also sell unregistered Common Shares via a private placement. U.S. persons who intend to trade the Common Shares are advised to seek advice from counsel with respect to any trading activity they intend to pursue.

Although the Company is no longer a foreign private issuer and ceased to be an emerging growth company on December 31, 2022, under SEC rules effective September 10, 2018, so long as the Company s public float (market
 value of Common Shares held by non-affiliates) remains less than 75 million as of the end of its most recent second fiscal quarter, the Company will qualify as a smaller reporting company as well as a non-accelerated filer eligible for relief
 from certain SEC disclosure and reporting requirements (for the Company, most notably as to certain executive compensation matters and requirements to have an external audit opinion on internal controls). As of the applicable measurement date, June
 30, 2022, the Company s float was substantially less than 75 million. Therefore, the Company is eligible to disclose as a smaller reporting company . This election will reduce some of the additional expense and management attention necessary to
 be dedicated to compliance.

5 

Table of Contents 

Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property Rights

Prior to the sale of its operations, the Company had proprietary rights to trademarks used in this Annual Report, including, without limitation, 2degrees , NuevaTel and Viva . Following the 2degrees Sale and
 NuevaTel Transaction, the Company no longer has proprietary rights to these trademarks and uses the terms herein solely to refer to its former subsidiaries and to describe their business operations.

Human Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 9 employees in the U.S., all of whom are fulltime employees. As of the date of this filing, the Company has reduced to 7 employees.

Additional Information

The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding the Company. The Company s internet address is 
 http://www.trilogy-international.com .

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

This document contains forward-looking statements regarding the Company s prospects that involve risks and uncertainties. The Company s actual results could differ materially from the results that may be anticipated
 by such forward-looking statements discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual
 Report. If any of the following risks occur, the Company s financial condition or results could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of the Common Shares could decline.

Investment in the Common Shares of the Company is speculative, involves a high degree of risk and limited opportunity for appreciation in the value of the Common Shares, is subject to the following specific risks
 among others, and should be undertaken only by purchasers whose financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risks. The Common Shares should not be purchased by persons who cannot afford the possibility of the loss of their
 entire investment. Prospective purchasers should review these risks as well as other matters disclosed elsewhere in this Annual Report with their professional advisors.

The Company has no business or source of income and its only assets consist of cash on hand and certain funds held in escrow.

As a result of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction, the Company no longer has an operating business or source of income. Accordingly, it will not engage in any future activities except those associated
 with winding up its affairs. Other than cash on hand of 25.1 million as of December 31, 2022, the Company s only assets consist of approximately 22 million NZD 14.1 million based on the exchange rate as of December 31, 2022) from the proceeds
 of the 2degrees Sale that are being held in escrow as recourse for potential indemnification claims that may arise under the Purchase Agreement. The escrowed proceeds are scheduled to be released in May 2023. Once these funds are released and any
 claims relating to the escrow are resolved, the Company intends to make a distribution to shareholders of all remaining cash less any funds retained to complete the winding up of the Company. Claims for indemnification could materially reduce the
 amount of funds available for such distribution. The Company previously distributed approximately 115.8 million to shareholders in the second quarter of 2022.

If the Company does not comply with anti-corruption legislation, the Company may become subject to monetary or criminal penalties.

The Company was and remains subject to compliance with various laws and regulations, including the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar
 worldwide anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery or making other improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or gaining an unfair
 business advantage. The Company s employees were and are trained and required to comply with these laws, and the Company is committed to legal compliance and corporate ethics. There is no assurance that the Company s training and compliance
 programs will protect it from acts committed by its employees, affiliates or agents. Violations of these laws could result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and financial penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect
 on the Company.

6 

Table of Contents 

If the Company loses any key member of its management team, the windup of the Company could suffer. The Company may have difficulty in obtaining qualified managerial personnel
 to successfully complete the windup of the Company.

In connection with the 2degrees Sale, the NuevaTel Transaction and the plan of liquidation, the Company terminated substantially all its employees. As of the date of this filing, the Company has 7 employees and if a
 key member of its management team leaves, the Company s ability to successfully complete the windup of the Company could be adversely affected.

The Company is treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is liable for both U.S. and Canadian income tax.

The Company is treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). As a result, the Company is subject to U.S. federal
 income tax on its worldwide income and this treatment will continue indefinitely. In addition, the Company is subject to Canadian income tax on its worldwide income. Consequently, the Company is liable for both U.S. and Canadian income tax on its
 worldwide income, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. U.S. foreign tax credits, which are generally available to offset U.S. tax liability when both U.S. and Canadian tax is imposed on
 the same income, may not be available to mitigate the effects of this double tax.

Potentially adverse tax consequences may result from distributions to our shareholders.

In June 2022, the Company distributed approximately 116 million to its shareholders. It is the Company s position that this distribution, which was made in connection with the plan of liquidation adopted by the
 Company in June 2022, was a liquidating distribution for U.S. tax purposes and a return of capital for Canadian tax purposes. It is possible, however, that taxing authorities may assert that the distribution was a non-liquidating distribution, and
 thus possibly treated as a dividend.

If the distribution were treated as a dividend, such amounts received by holders of Common Shares who are residents of Canada for purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the Tax Act will be subject to U.S.
 withholding tax. A foreign tax credit under the Tax Act in respect of such U.S. withholding taxes may not be available to such holder.

If the distribution were treated as a dividend, such amounts received by a holder of Common Shares who is a U.S. person or U.S. tax resident generally will not be subject to U.S. withholding tax but, if such
 recipient is not also a resident in Canada for the purposes of the Tax Act, the dividends will be subject to Canadian withholding tax. The Company is considered to be a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, dividends
 paid by the Company will be characterized as U.S. source income for purposes of the U.S. foreign tax credit rules. Accordingly, U.S. persons and U.S. tax residents generally will not be able to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit for any Canadian tax
 withheld on the dividends.

If the distribution were treated as a dividend, such amounts received by shareholders who are not Canadian tax residents, U.S. persons or U.S. tax residents will be subject to U.S. withholding tax and will also be
 subject to Canadian withholding tax. These dividends may not qualify for a reduced rate of U.S. withholding tax under any income tax treaty otherwise applicable to a shareholder of the Company, subject to examination of the relevant treaty.

Public company requirements may strain the Company s resources.

As a public company, the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Act (British Columbia), as amended, as well as the applicable securities laws of the other Canadian provinces, and is
 subject to certain reporting requirements under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the U.S. Exchange Act and, in each case, the regulations and rules thereto. The Company is also subject to the ongoing listing requirements of
 the NEX board of the TSXV. The obligations of operating as a public company require significant expenditures and place additional demands on management as the Company complies with the reporting requirements of a public company. The Company may
 need to hire additional accounting, financial and legal staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting and regulatory knowledge.

7 

Table of Contents 

The Company ceased to qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 and, consequently, the costs and demands placed
 upon management may increase.

The Company ceased to be deemed an emerging growth company during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. As a result, the Company expects the costs and demands placed upon management to increase, as the Company
 is now required to comply with additional disclosure and accounting requirements. However, as long as the aggregate value of the Common Shares held by non-affiliates remains less than 75 million as of the end of its most recent second fiscal
 quarter, the Company will qualify as a smaller reporting company as well as a non-accelerated filer eligible for relief from certain disclosure and reporting requirements. As of the applicable measurement date, June 30, 2022, the Company s
 float was substantially less than 75 million. Therefore, the Company is eligible to disclose as a smaller reporting company . This will reduce some of the additional expense and management attention necessary to be dedicated to compliance.

Smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosure, are exempt from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and have certain other
 reduced disclosure obligations.

As a result of the Company losing its foreign private issuer status under U.S. federal securities laws, the Company may incur additional expenses associated with compliance with
 the U.S. securities laws applicable to U.S. domestic issuers.

On June 30, 2022, the Company ceased to be a foreign private issuer. As a foreign private issuer, as defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act, the Company was historically exempt from certain of the provisions of
 the U.S. federal securities laws. For example, the Exchange Act and the Section 16 reporting and short swing profit rules do not apply to foreign private issuers. Thus, these rules apply commencing with the beginning of the Company s 2023 fiscal
 year and the Company is also, among other things, required to commence reporting on forms required of U.S. companies, such as Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, rather than the forms previously available to the Company, such as Forms 20-F and 6-K.
 Compliance with these disclosure requirements may result in increased expenses and require the Company s management to devote time and resources to comply with new regulatory requirements.

Additionally, the Company s resale registration of its Common Shares, made on Form F-3 in 2021 while the Company was a foreign private issuer, terminated with the filing of this Annual Report. The termination of the
 resale registration will not affect the ability of investors who are non-US persons, as defined in the 1933 Act, to continue to sell their Common Shares in 2023 or thereafter. U.S. persons who hold Common Shares will continue to be able to sell
 their shares after the date hereof pursuant to Regulation S of the 1933 Act so long as such sales are made on a DOSM such as the NEX board of the TSXV, on which the Common Shares are currently listed. Regulation S requires that a U.S. person
 selling unregistered shares on a DOSM not know that the sale has been pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States. U.S. persons may also sell unregistered Common Shares via a private placement.

The Company will not pay dividends.

Although the Company paid a dividend in the second quarter of each of 2019, 2018 and 2017, it did not do so in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company has determined not to make any dividend payments in light of the
 adoption of a plan of liquidation and the distribution of the remaining proceeds of the 2degrees Sale as described herein.

Liquid Market for Securities

The Common Shares are currently listed on the NEX board of the TSXV. However, there can be no assurance that an active and liquid market for the Common Shares will develop or be maintained, and an investor may find
 it difficult to resell any securities of the Company.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

Not applicable.

Item 2. 

Properties

We lease an office space at our corporate headquarters at 155 108th Avenue NE, Suite 400, Bellevue, WA 98004. We believe that our facility is adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future.

8 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

The Company is not aware of any existing or contemplated legal proceedings to which it or any of its current subsidiaries is a party, or to which any of their property is subject, that would have a material adverse
 effect on the Company.

As a result of the sales of operations in the second quarter of 2022, the Company is no longer subject to the potential outcome of contingencies previously reported for the historical New Zealand and Bolivia segments
 which were subject to the telecommunications laws and regulations of these locations.

The Company s former subsidiaries in New Zealand and Bolivia are party to various lawsuits, regulatory proceedings and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Although the Company no longer owns an
 interest in these subsidiaries, it may have liability with respect to the outcomes of certain lawsuits, regulatory proceedings or claims against the former subsidiaries to the extent specified in indemnification provisions of the share sale
 agreements to which the Company is a party. Management believes that although the outcomes of these proceedings are uncertain, any liability ultimately arising from these actions should not have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial
 condition, results of operations or cash flows.

The Company is not aware of any penalties or sanctions imposed by a court or securities regulatory authority or other regulatory body to which the Company is subject, nor any settlement agreements before a court or
 with a securities regulatory authority to which the Company is a party.

In November 2022, NuevaTel and Balesia filed a complaint in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida against Juan Pablo Calvo, NuevaTel s chairman before the sale to Balesia and formerly NuevaTel s
 CEO. The complaint alleges that Mr. Calvo violated his fiduciary duties to NuevaTel and interfered with NuevaTel s contractual relations. No amount of damages was alleged in the complaint. Mr. Calvo has filed a motion to dismiss the case. The
 Company has agreed to indemnify Mr. Calvo for defense costs incurred and any award of damages against him. Under the Company s insurance policy for director and officer liability, the Company bears responsibility for defense costs and damages up to
 C 1.5 million; the policy covers any additional costs and damages up to C 10 million. The Company views the claims against Mr. Calvo as meritless and considers the likelihood of an award of any damages against him as remote.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

Part II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

Our Common Shares are currently listed in Canada on the NEX board of the TSXV under the symbol TRL.H. 

Holders

The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares. As of the date of this Annual Report, there are 88,627,593 Common Shares outstanding.

As of March 24, 2023, the most recent date for which this information is available, there were 89 holders of record of the Company s Common
 Shares. This does not take into account shareholders whose shares are held in street name by brokerage houses.

Dividend Policy

The declaration of dividends on the Common Shares is at the sole discretion of the Board. The Company did not pay a dividend in 2022, 2021 or 2020 and the Board has determined that the payment of dividends will be
 suspended until further notice.

In the second quarter of 2022, the Board declared and paid a distribution to shareholders of approximately 115.8 million, or approximately 1.31 per share (declared as a C 150 million distribution), representing a
 return of capital distribution pursuant to a plan of liquidation adopted by the Board. Any future additional return of capital distributions will depend on the Company s corporate expenses, capital requirements, financial condition and other
 factors as determined by the Board.

9 

Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance

None.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

The Company did not purchase any of its Common Shares during the year ended December 31, 2022.

Item 6.

[Reserved]

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

This Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A contains important information about the business of the Company and its performance for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. This MD A should
 be read in conjunction with TIP Inc. s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, and notes thereto (the Consolidated Financial Statements ), prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 in the U.S. U.S. GAAP as issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ).

All financial results and metrics for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this MD A reflect the results from the Bolivia segment from January 1, 2022 through May 14, 2022 and from the New Zealand segment
 from January 1, 2022 through May 19, 2022.

Historically, the market operations in New Zealand and Bolivia represented the Company s two reportable segments. Our chief operating decision maker, TIP Inc. s Chief Executive Officer, assessed performance of the
 segments and allocated resources primarily based on the financial measures of revenues and Segment Adjusted EBITDA. See Note 19 Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Foreign Currency

In New Zealand, the Company generated revenue and incurred costs in NZD. Fluctuations in the value of the NZD relative to the USD increased or decreased the Company s overall revenue and profitability as stated in
 USD, which is the Company s reporting currency. The effect of these fluctuations is referenced in this MD A as impact of foreign currency . The following table sets forth for each period or date indicated the exchange rates in effect at the
 end of such period, including as of May 19, 2022 which reflects the date of the balance sheet for New Zealand upon closing of the 2degrees Sale, and the average exchange rates for such periods for the NZD, expressed in USD. Additionally, the amount
 held in escrow from the 2degrees Sale is denominated in NZD and therefore, the exchange rate in effect at December 31, 2022 is provided below:

May 19,

December 31,

December 31,

2022

2021

2022

2021

2020

End of period NZD to USD exchange rate

0.64

0.68

0.63

(1) 

0.68

0.72

Change

(7

(7

(5

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Average NZD to USD exchange rate

0.67

(2) 

0.71

0.65

Change

(5

9

(1) While the exchange rate in effect at December 31, 2022 was 0.63, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company
 entered into forward exchange contracts to sell an aggregate of 20 million NZD and buy an aggregate of 12.3 million USD on June 30, 2023. Thus, future exposure to fluctuations in the NZD to USD exchange rate for substantially all of the proceeds
 from the 2degrees Sale held in escrow is mitigated.

(2) For the period from January 1, 2022 through May 19, 2022.

10 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth for each period indicated the exchange rates in effect at the end of the period and the average exchange rates for such periods, for the CAD, expressed in USD, as quoted by the Bank of
 Canada:

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

December 31, 2020

End of period CAD to USD exchange rate

0.74

0.79

0.79

Change

(6

0

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Average CAD to USD exchange rate

0.77

0.80

0.75

Change

(4

7

Overall Performance

The table below summarizes the Company s consolidated key financial metrics for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

For the Year Ended December 31,

Variance

2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021

2021 vs 2020

(in millions, unless otherwise noted)

Service revenues

200.4

540.7

504.0

(63

7

Total revenues

238.5

653.6

610.3

(64

7

Net income (loss)

437.0

(194.4

(79.7

325

(144

Net income (loss) margin (1) 

218.1

(36.0

(15.8

254.0 pts

(20.1) pts

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (2) 

39.4

115.1

107.0

(66

8

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Margin (2) 

19.7

21.3

21.2

(1.6) pts

0.1 pts

Capital expenditures (3) 

32.4

92.8

77.3

(65

20

pts - percentage points

(1) Net income (loss) margin is calculated as Net income (loss) divided by service revenues.

(2) These are non-U.S. GAAP measures and do not have standardized meanings under U.S. GAAP. Therefore, they are
 unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. For definitions and reconciliation to most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, see Definitions and Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Measures in this MD A.

(3) Represents purchases of property and equipment excluding purchases of property and equipment acquired through
 vendor-backed financing and finance lease arrangements. Expenditures related to the acquisition of spectrum licenses, if any, were not included in capital expenditures amounts.

Reclassification of Fixed Broadband Service Revenues

In 2021, we replaced Wireline with Fixed broadband to describe the revenues and subscribers associated with the Company s fixed broadband products in New Zealand and Bolivia, which were provided using fixed line
 or wireless technology. As a result, fixed Long Term Evolution LTE service revenues were reclassified from Wireless service revenues and were included as a component of Fixed broadband service revenues in our Consolidated Statements of
 Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). This reclassification was applied to all periods presented in this MD A. Fixed LTE service revenues reclassified to Fixed broadband service revenues were 2.1 million, 5.1 million and 3.1 million
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This change had no impact on total revenues or net loss for any period presented.

2022 Full Year Highlights

On May 19, 2022, the 2degrees Sale closed for an aggregate purchase price of 1.315 billion NZD for 100 of the equity interest in 2degrees. For its ownership interest in 2degrees, the Company s share of the total consideration was 930
 million NZD (approximately 601 million based on the exchange rate on the date the consideration was received), net of 33 million NZD 21 million) of closing adjustments, including transaction advisory fees, along with payments to satisfy
 the outstanding 2degrees option pool. Approximately 22 million NZD of the consideration paid by Voyage Digital for the Company s 2degrees shares is being held in escrow for a maximum period of one year after the sale closing date.

Promptly following the closing of the 2degrees Sale, the Company repaid its outstanding indebtedness and the outstanding indebtedness of its subsidiary, Trilogy International South Pacific LLC TISP ), plus related accrued interest,
 totaling approximately 450 million. As a result of these prepayments, the Company had no remaining indebtedness outstanding as of December 31, 2022.

11 

Table of Contents 

In the second quarter, the Board declared and paid a distribution to shareholders of 115.8 million, or approximately 1.31 per share (declared as a 150 million CAD distribution), representing a return of capital pursuant to a plan of
 liquidation adopted by the Board.

On May 14, 2022, the NuevaTel Transaction was completed. Proceeds received related to the NuevaTel Transaction were in a nominal amount and the Company recorded a net gain on the transaction of 14.5 million due to the carrying value of
 liabilities in excess of assets for the business.

Total cash was 25.1 million as of December 31, 2022, exclusive of the Company s share of the purchase price escrow established in connection with the 2degrees Sale of approximately 22 million NZD 14.1 million based on the exchange
 rate as of December 31, 2022).

Results of Operations

Consolidated Revenues

For the Year Ended December 31,

Variance

(in millions)

2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021

2021 vs 2020

Revenues:

Wireless service revenues (1) 

154.8

420.3

408.4

(63

3

Fixed broadband service revenues (1) 

42.5

111.5

86.6

(62

29

Equipment sales

38.1

112.9

106.3

(66

6

Non-subscriber ILD and other revenues

3.2

8.9

9.0

(64

(2

Total revenues

238.5

653.6

610.3

(64

7

(1) Beginning in 2021, we replaced Wireline with Fixed broadband and reclassified fixed LTE revenues from Wireless service revenues
 to Fixed broadband service revenues.

Consolidated Wireless Service Revenues 

Wireless service revenues declined 265.5 million, or 63 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel
 Transaction in May 2022. See Note 2 Sale of Operations to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. In addition, prior to the closing of the NuevaTel Transaction, there were declines in both prepaid and postpaid revenues in
 Bolivia, compared to the same period in 2021, mainly due to lower voice traffic and data usage, as well as declines in the subscriber base.

Wireless service revenues increased 11.9 million, or 3 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, wireless service revenues
 declined 12.0 million, or 3 , compared to the same period in 2020, as a decline in Bolivia more than offset an increase in New Zealand. The decline in Bolivia was due to a decline in both postpaid and prepaid revenues as a result of the COVID-19
 pandemic and increased competition in the market which affected the decline in the postpaid and prepaid subscriber base. The decline in Bolivia was partially offset by increased postpaid wireless service revenues in New Zealand driven by the larger
 postpaid subscriber base, particularly due to business subscriber growth. There was also an increase in prepaid service revenues in New Zealand mainly due to an increase in prepaid ARPU.

Consolidated Fixed Broadband Service Revenues 

Fixed broadband service revenues declined 69.0 million, or 62 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel
 Transaction in May 2022.

Fixed broadband service revenues increased 24.9 million, or 29 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, fixed broadband service
 revenues increased 17.4 million, or 19 , compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due to the 17 growth in the fixed broadband subscriber base.

12 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Equipment Sales 

Equipment sales declined 74.8 million, or 66 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale in May 2022.

Equipment sales increased 6.6 million, or 6 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, equipment sales declined 2.5 million, or
 2 , compared to the same period in 2020, as a decline in Bolivia more than offset an increase in New Zealand. The decline in Bolivia was mainly due to a decrease in the number of handsets sold in Bolivia during the period. The increase in New
 Zealand was primarily driven by the rise in the volume of sales of higher priced devices to new and existing subscribers.

Consolidated Non-subscriber International Long Distance ILD and Other Revenues 

Non-subscriber ILD and other revenues declined 5.7 million, or 64 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel
 Transaction in May 2022.

Non-subscriber ILD and other revenues declined 0.2 million, or 2 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, due to individually insignificant changes in the period.

Consolidated Operating Expenses

Operating expenses represent expenditures incurred by the Company s operations and its corporate headquarters.

For the Year Ended December 31,

Variance

(in millions)

2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021

2021 vs 2020

Operating expenses:

Cost of service, exclusive of depreciation, 

 amortization and accretion shown separately

81.0

217.6

202.9

(63

7

Cost of equipment sales

39.2

120.9

115.8

(68

4

Sales and marketing

30.8

88.8

80.3

(65

11

General and administrative

62.3

123.9

112.3

(50

10

Depreciation, amortization and accretion

18.4

107.2

107.0

(83

0

Impairment of long-lived assets

-

113.8

-

(100

100

(Gain) on sale of operations and loss (gain) on 

 disposal of assets and sale-leaseback transaction

(457.6

1.1

(2.5

n/

m

143

Total operating expenses

(225.9

773.4

615.7

(129

26

n/m - not meaningful

Consolidated Cost of Service 

Cost of service expense declined 136.6 million, or 63 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The declines were primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the
 NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022. In addition, prior to the closing of the NuevaTel Transaction, there were declines in interconnection costs in Bolivia as a result of lower voice traffic terminating outside of NuevaTel s network.

Cost of service expense increased 14.8 million, or 7 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, cost of service increased 3.5
 million, or 2 , primarily due to increases in New Zealand partially offset by declines in Bolivia. The increase in New Zealand was mainly attributable to an increase in transmission expense associated with the growth of the fixed broadband
 subscriber base. The decline in Bolivia was primarily due to a decline in interconnection costs as a result of a lower volume of voice traffic terminating outside of NuevaTel s network.

Consolidated Cost of Equipment Sales 

Cost of equipment sales declined 81.7 million, or 68 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale in May 2022.

Cost of equipment sales increased 5.1 million, or 4 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, cost of equipment sales declined
 4.6 million, or 4 , in 2021, primarily due to a decline in the number of handsets sold in Bolivia, partially offset by an increase in New Zealand in the volume of sales of higher priced devices in 2021 as compared to 2020.

13 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing declined 58.0 million, or 65 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction in
 May 2022.

Sales and marketing increased 8.5 million, or 11 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, sales and marketing increased 3.8
 million, or 4 , primarily due to an increase in commissions expenses in New Zealand partially offset by a decline in salaries and wages in Bolivia.

Consolidated General and Administrative 

General and administrative costs declined 61.6 million, or 50 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel
 Transaction in May 2022. These declines were partially offset by a total of 6.5 million of severance costs recorded at corporate headquarters in the second and third quarters of 2022. The severance costs and other costs associated with the
 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction included in general and administrative costs were 10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Due to their nonrecurring nature, such costs were removed from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA.

General and administrative costs increased 11.6 million, or 10 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, general and
 administrative costs increased 5.9 million, or 5 . Approximately 8.0 million of the increase was due to nonrecurring professional service costs in New Zealand and at corporate headquarters associated with strategic transactions that were under
 consideration related to the 2degrees business in 2021, including approximately 4.7 million of costs primarily related to the preparation for a planned public listing and equity issuance in New Zealand which were deferred and included within
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2021, reflecting the facts and circumstances as of that date. During the fourth quarter of 2021, upon announcement of the 2degrees Sale, the Company
 expensed these previously deferred costs of approximately 4.7 million as general and administrative expenses. Due to the nonrecurring nature of these expenses, the total of approximately 8.0 million of these costs incurred during the year ended
 December 31, 2021 was removed from Adjusted EBITDA. These increases were partially offset by a decline in general and administrative costs in Bolivia, primarily due to a decline in bad debt expense. In addition, there was a decline in expenses in
 Bolivia attributable to cost controls that were implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Consolidated Depreciation, Amortization and Accretion 

Depreciation, amortization and accretion declined 88.8 million, or 83 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the closing of
 the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022. The 2degrees and NuevaTel businesses met the accounting criteria to be classified as held for sale on March 15, 2022 and March 28, 2022, respectively, and, accordingly, recording
 depreciation and amortization of their long-lived assets ceased on those dates. For additional information, see Note 2 Sale of Operations to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, prior to the closing of the NuevaTel Transaction,
 there were declines in Bolivia due to a lower asset base being depreciated in 2022 compared to 2021 as a result of the impairment charge recognized in the third quarter of 2021.

Depreciation, amortization and accretion was flat for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, depreciation, amortization and accretion
 declined 5.5 million, or 5 , as a decline in Bolivia was partially offset by an increase in New Zealand. The decline in Bolivia was primarily due to a lower net asset base being depreciated including the impact of the long-lived asset impairment
 charge recorded in 2021. The increase in New Zealand was mainly related to wireless network assets previously placed in service and accelerated depreciation expense on certain existing assets associated with the onset of 5G enabled infrastructure
 construction.

Consolidated Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Impairment of long-lived assets of 113.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the impairment charge recorded in Bolivia. There were no impairment charges recognized for 2022.

14 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated (Gain) on Sale of Operations and Loss (Gain) on Disposal of Assets and Sale-Leaseback Transaction 

(Gain) on sale of operations and loss on disposal of assets increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to a 443.3 million gain recognized in connection with the
 2degrees Sale and a 14.5 million gain recognized in connection with the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022. For additional information, see Note 2 Sale of Operations to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Loss on disposal of assets and sale-leaseback transaction increased 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to gains recognized upon the final
 closing of the tower sale-leaseback transaction in the third quarter of 2020, partially offset by disposal and abandonment charges of approximately 1.4 million recorded during the second quarter of 2020 for certain construction in progress due in
 part to a reassessment of capital expenditures needs as 2degrees undertook cost reduction measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Consolidated Other Expenses (Income)

For the Year Ended December 31,

Variance

(in millions)

2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021

2021 vs 2020

Interest expense

22.9

53.7

46.5

(57

15

Change in fair value of warrant liability

(0.105

(0.055

0.049

(91

(212

Debt extinguishment, modification and issuance costs

8.5

7.0

-

22

100

Other, net

(15.4

3.3

4.6

(567

(28

Consolidated Interest Expense 

Interest expense declined 30.8 million, or 57 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily related to the prepayment of the outstanding indebtedness of the 8.875 senior
 secured notes issued by TISP and TISP Finance, Inc. due in 2023 (the TISP 8.875 Notes and the 10.0 senior secured notes due 2022 issued by TISP (the TISP 10.0 Notes in May 2022. See Note 8 Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 for further information.

Interest expense increased 7.2 million, or 15 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, primarily related to the issuance of the TISP 10.0 Notes in October 2020.

Consolidated Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 

The change in fair value of the warrant liability resulted in income of 0.1 million for year ended December 31, 2022, due to the warrants expiring on February 7, 2022. The change in fair value of the warrant
 liability increased income by 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to same period in 2020, due to changes in the trading price of the warrants. See Note 11 Equity to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
 information.

Consolidated Debt Extinguishment, Modification and Issuance Costs 

Debt extinguishment, modification and issuance costs increased 1.5 million, or 22 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an 8.5
 million write-off of deferred finance cost and discounts on the TISP 8.875 Notes and the TISP 10.0 Notes as a result of the prepayment of the outstanding balances in May 2022. The increase in 2022 was partially offset by costs associated with the
 consummation in June 2021 of the exchange of Trilogy LLC s 8.875 senior secured notes due in 2022 (the Trilogy LLC 2022 Notes for the TISP 8.875 Notes due in 2023. See Note 8 Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
 information.

Debt extinguishment, modification and issuance costs increased 7.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was due to the consummation in June 2021 of
 the exchange of the Trilogy LLC 2022 Notes for the TISP 8.875 Notes due in 2023.

Consolidated Other, Net 

Other, net income increased 18.7 million, or 567 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a gain of
 16.6 million recognized in connection with the change in value of the forward exchange contract that the Company entered into in March 2022 to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in the NZD to USD exchange rate for a portion of the proceeds we
 received from the 2degrees Sale. The gain recognized reflected the differential between the contract price and the foreign exchange rate as of the settlement date under this forward exchange contract. See Note 9 Derivative Financial Instruments
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

15 

Table of Contents 

Other, net expense declined 1.3 million, or 28 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This decline was driven by changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps in New
 Zealand of 7.3 million and other individually immaterial changes. These changes were partially offset by a 10.7 million increase relating to the change in the fair value of a derivative instrument relating to an increase in the principal amount
 of the TISP 8.875 Notes in the fourth quarter of 2021.

Consolidated Income Taxes

For the Year Ended December 31,

Variance

(in millions)

2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021

2021 vs 2020

Income tax expense

(11.5

(10.5

(23.1

(9

54

Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Income tax expense increased 0.9 million, or 9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the benefit recorded in 2021 for the impact of NuevaTel s losses
 on the Company s deferred tax liability with respect to NuevaTel s unrepatriated earnings. This increase is offset by a decrease in pre-tax profits in New Zealand in 2022 due to the closing of 2degrees Sale in May 2022.

Income tax expense declined 12.6 million, or 54 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to the valuation allowance recorded against the Company s deferred
 tax assets in Bolivia in 2020.

Business Segment Analysis

The Company historically had two reporting segments (New Zealand (2degrees) and Bolivia (NuevaTel)) that provided a variety of wireless voice and data communications services, including local, international long
 distance and roaming services. Services were provided to subscribers on both a postpaid and prepaid basis. In Bolivia, fixed public telephony services were also offered via wireless backhaul connections. In New Zealand, fixed broadband
 communications services were offered since May 2015. In Bolivia, fixed LTE services, or fixed broadband services, were offered since late 2019.

During the second quarter of 2022, the Company completed the sale of its operations in New Zealand and Bolivia, which represented substantially all of the operating activities of the business. The disposals and
 comparative historical periods are not presented as discontinued operations since the associated activities represented substantially all of the Company s net productive assets, business activities and results of operations. Accordingly, they do
 not meet the definition of a component of an entity that would qualify for discontinued operations presentation because they are not clearly distinguishable from the rest of the entity. Since presentation of discontinued operations is not
 applicable, the presentation of segment information for New Zealand and Bolivia has been retained.

New Zealand (2degrees)

2degrees launched commercial service in 2009. As described above and as further discussed in Note 2 Sale of Operations to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in December 2021, the Company entered into the
 2degrees Sale to sell its 73.2 indirect equity interest in 2degrees to Voyage Digital. On May 19, 2022, the 2degrees Sale closed for an aggregate purchase price of 1.315 billion NZD.

16 

Table of Contents 

New Zealand - Operating Results 

For the Year Ended December 31,

Variance

(in millions, unless otherwise noted)

2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021

2021 vs 2020

Service revenues

161.0

416.1

357.0

(61

17

Total revenues

199.1

528.6

458.9

(62

15

Segment Adjusted EBITDA

51.5

127.6

111.4

(60

15

Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin (1) 

32.0

30.7

31.2

1.3 pts

(0.6) pts

Capital expenditures (2) 

30.5

81.1

65.1

(62

25

Capital intensity

18.9

19.5

18.2

(0.5) pts

1.3 pts

pts - percentage points

(1) 

Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated as Segment Adjusted EBITDA divided by service revenues. 

(2) 

Represents purchases of property and equipment excluding purchases of property and equipment acquired through vendor-backed financing and finance lease arrangements. Expenditures
 related to the acquisition of spectrum licenses, if any, were not included in capital expenditures amounts. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Service revenues declined 255.0 million, or 61 , compared to 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, service revenues declined 232.5 million, or 59 , compared to the same period in 2021. This decline was
 primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale in May 2022. For additional information, see Note 2 Sale of Operations to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Total revenues declined 329.6 million, or 62 , compared to 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, total revenues declined 300.9 million, or 60 , compared to the same period in 2021, attributable to the
 declines in service revenues mentioned above. In addition, equipment sales declined 74.5 million, or 66 , compared to the same period in 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, equipment sales declined 68.4 million, or 64 , primarily due
 to the closing of the 2degrees Sale in May 2022.

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, operating expenses declined 319.7 million, or 66 293.5 million, or 64 , excluding the impact of foreign currency), primarily due to the following:

Cost of service declined 88.5 million, or 60 , in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, cost of service declined 80.6 million, or 58 , primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale in
 May 2022;

Cost of equipment sales declined 79.7 million, or 67 , compared to the same period in 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, cost of equipment sales declined 73.3 million, or 65 , primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees
 Sale in May 2022;

Sales and marketing declined 40.8 million, or 63 , compared to the same period in 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, sales and marketing declined 37.2 million, or 61 , primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale in
 May 2022;

General and administrative declined 50.7 million, or 65 , compared to 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, general and administrative declined 46.4 million, or 63 , primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale in May
 2022. Approximately 1.0 million of general and administrative costs incurred by 2degrees were associated with the 2degrees Sale. Due to the nonrecurring nature of these expenses, such costs were removed from Segment Adjusted EBITDA; and

Depreciation, amortization, and accretion declined 59.8 million, or 81 , compared to the same period in 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, depreciation, amortization, and accretion declined 55.8 million, or 80 , primarily
 due to the 2degrees business meeting the accounting criteria to be classified as held for sale on March 15, 2022 and, accordingly, the Company ceased recording depreciation and amortization of 2degrees long-lived assets on that date. For
 additional information, see Note 2 Sale of Operations to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Segment Adjusted EBITDA declined 76.1 million, or 60 , compared to 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, Segment Adjusted EBITDA declined 69.2 million, or 57 , compared to 2021, primarily as a result of
 the closing of the 2degrees Sale in May 2022.

Capital expenditures declined 50.6 million, or 62 , compared to 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, capital expenditures declined 46.2 million, or 60 , compared to 2021, due to the closing of the
 2degrees Sale in May 2022.

17 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Service revenues increased 59.1 million, or 17 , compared to 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, service revenues increased 27.1 million, or 7 , compared to 2020. This increase was primarily due to
 growth in fixed broadband revenues driven by the larger fixed broadband subscriber base and increases in residential fixed broadband ARPU. There was also an increase in postpaid wireless service revenues driven by the larger postpaid subscriber
 base, due mainly to growth in business subscribers. In addition, there was an increase in prepaid wireless service revenues compared to the same period in 2020, driven by an increase in prepaid ARPU.

Total revenues increased 69.8 million, or 15 , compared to 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, total revenues increased 28.7 million, or 6 , compared to 2020. This increase was attributable to the
 increase in service revenues mentioned above. Equipment sales increased 10.7 million, or 10 , compared to the same periods in 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, equipment sales increased 1.6 million, or 1 , primarily driven by the
 rise in the volume of sales of higher priced devices in 2021 compared to 2020.

For the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020, operating expenses increased 65.5 million, or 16 28.1 million, or 6 , excluding the impact of foreign currency), primarily due to the following:

Cost of service increased 21.0 million, or 17 , in 2021 compared to the same period in 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, cost of service increased 9.7 million, or 7 , primarily due to an increase in transmission expense
 associated with the growth of the fixed broadband subscriber base. In addition, there was an increase in network-related maintenance costs attributable to investments in outsourced infrastructure support surrounding new platforms for 5G
 delivery, managed security firewall programs, and disaster recovery. These increases were partially offset by a decline in combined network sharing and national roaming costs due to a network sharing agreement which commenced in the second
 quarter of 2020;

Cost of equipment sales increased 10.5 million, or 10 , compared to the same period in 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, cost of equipment sales increased 0.9 million, or 1 , primarily due to an increase in the volume of
 sales of higher priced devices in 2021 compared to 2020;

Sales and marketing increased 11.8 million, or 22 , compared to the same period in 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, sales and marketing increased 7.1 million, or 12 , compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in
 commissions expense of 4.2 million compared to the same period in 2020 primarily associated with higher amortization expense of incremental contract acquisition costs capitalized subsequent to December 31, 2020;

General and administrative increased 14.8 million, or 23 , compared to 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, general and administrative increased 9.1 million, or 13 . This increase was due to higher legal, audit and
 consulting costs and increases in office rent expense due to the 2degrees corporate headquarters lease beginning in the second quarter of 2021. Approximately 6.0 million was due to nonrecurring professional service costs incurred during
 2021 associated with the strategic transactions that were under consideration throughout that year, including approximately 4.0 million of costs primarily related to 2degrees preparation for a planned public listing and equity issuance
 which were deferred and included within Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2021, reflecting the facts and circumstances as of that date. During the fourth quarter of 2021, upon
 announcement of the Company s definitive agreement to sell 100 of its equity in 2degrees, 2degrees recorded these deferred professional service costs of approximately 4.0 million to general and administrative expenses. Due to the
 nonrecurring nature of these expenses, the total of approximately 6.0 million of these costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 were removed from Segment Adjusted EBITDA. These increases were partially offset by a decline in
 bad debt expense attributable to accounts receivable collection efforts and the improved credit risk of our customer portfolio. In addition, there was a 1.8 million one-time benefit in the first quarter of 2020 associated with 2degrees 
 improvement in collections of Equipment Installment Plan EIP receivables previously sold to the third-party EIP receivables purchaser and a decline in equity-based compensation expense as a result of 1.7 million recorded in the second
 quarter of 2020 associated with the extension of the expiration date of certain 2degrees service-based share options;

18 

Table of Contents 

Depreciation, amortization, and accretion increased 9.3 million, or 14 , compared to the same period in 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, depreciation, amortization, and accretion increased 3.5 million, or 5 . This
 increase was due primarily to an increase in depreciation expense associated with wireless network assets previously placed in service and accelerated depreciation expense on certain existing assets associated with the commencement of 5G
 enabled infrastructure construction; and

Loss on disposal of assets declined 1.9 million, or 72 , compared to the same period in 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, loss on disposal of assets declined 2.1 million, or 75 . This decline was primarily associated with
 disposal and abandonment charges of approximately 1.4 million during the second quarter of 2020 for certain construction in progress due in part to a reassessment of capital expenditures needs as 2degrees undertook cost reduction measures
 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Segment Adjusted EBITDA increased 16.2 million, or 15 , compared to 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, Segment Adjusted EBITDA increased 6.2 million, or 5 , compared to 2020. This increase in Segment
 Adjusted EBITDA was primarily the result of the increase in fixed broadband revenues and postpaid wireless revenues discussed above partially offset by an increase in cost of service and sales and marketing.

Capital expenditures were 81.1 million in 2021, an increase of 16.0 million, or 25 , compared to 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, capital expenditures increased 10.2 million, or 14 , compared to
 2020, primarily attributable to 5G network investments.

Bolivia (NuevaTel)

The Trilogy LLC founders launched NuevaTel in 2000 while they served in senior management roles with Western Wireless. Trilogy LLC subsequently acquired a majority interest in the business in 2006. On March 28, 2022,
 the Company entered into the NuevaTel Transaction to transfer its 71.5 indirect equity interest in NuevaTel and, on May 14, 2022, the NuevaTel Transaction closed.

Bolivia - Operating Results 

For the Year Ended December 31,

Variance

(in millions, unless otherwise noted)

2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021

2021 vs 2020

Service revenues

39.3

124.3

146.6

(68

(15

Total revenues

39.4

124.6

151.0

(68

(17

Segment Adjusted EBITDA

0.2

(0.1

6.6

390

(101

Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin (1) 

0.5

(0.1

4.5

0.6 pts

(4.6) pts

Capital expenditures (2) 

1.9

11.8

12.3

(84

(4

Capital intensity

4.9

9.5

8.4

(4.6) pts

1.1 pts

pts - percentage points

(1) Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated as Segment Adjusted EBITDA divided by service revenues.

(2) Represents purchases of property and equipment excluding purchases of property and equipment acquired through
 vendor-backed financing and finance lease arrangements. Expenditures related to the acquisition of spectrum licenses, if any, were not included in capital expenditures amounts.

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Service revenues declined 85.0 million, or 68 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the closing of the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022. See Note 2 Sale of Operations to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further information. There were also declines in both prepaid and postpaid revenues mainly due to lower voice traffic and data usage, as well as declines in the subscriber base.

Total revenues declined 85.3 million, or 68 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the decline in service revenues discussed above.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating expenses declined 228.3 million, or 84 , compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to the following:

Cost of service declined 48.0 million, or 68 , in 2022, primarily due to the closing of the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022. In addition, there were declines in interconnection costs as a result of lower voice traffic terminating
 outside of NuevaTel s network;

19 

Table of Contents 

Sales and marketing declined 17.3 million, or 71 , in 2022, primarily due to the closing of the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022 as well as a decline in advertising expense;

General and administrative costs declined 17.7 million, or 64 , in 2022, primarily due to the closing of the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022;

Depreciation, amortization and accretion declined 29.0 million, or 87 , in 2022, primarily due to the NuevaTel business meeting the accounting criteria to be classified as held for sale on March 28, 2022 and, accordingly, the Company
 ceased recording depreciation and amortization of NuevaTel s long-lived assets on that date. For additional information, see Note 2 Sale of Operations to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The declines were also attributable to a
 lower asset base being depreciated in 2022 compared to 2021 as a result of an impairment charge recognized in the third quarter of 2021; and

Impairment of long-lived assets declined 113.8 million, or 100 , in 2022 as a result of the charge recorded in the third quarter of 2021. There was no impairment recorded in the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 1 Description of
 Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Segment Adjusted EBITDA increased 0.3 million, or 390 , in 2022 compared to 2021, as Segment Adjusted EBITDA was negative in 2021. This increase was primarily due to the declines in cost of service, general and
 administrative costs and sales and marketing described above partially offset by the decrease in service revenues.

Capital expenditures declined 9.8 million, or 84 , to 1.9 million, in 2022 compared to 2021, mainly due to the closing of the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022 along with timing of spending in 2021.

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Service revenues declined 22.3 million, or 15 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to a decline in postpaid revenues of 15.8 million, or 23 . The decline in postpaid revenues was due to a 15 decline in the
 subscriber base primarily as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and effects of increased competition in the market. Prepaid revenues declined 7.8 million, or 12 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to a 13 decline in the prepaid
 wireless subscriber base. The decline in prepaid revenues was also attributable to a decline in voice revenues due to lower voice traffic as a result of subscribers shifting from voice usage to data-based voice applications, which was accelerated
 by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Total revenues declined 26.4 million, or 17 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the decline in service revenues discussed above. Equipment sales, which also contributed to the decline in total revenues,
 declined 4.1 million, or 93 , due to the decline in the number of handsets sold during the period.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, operating expenses increased 89.7 million, or 49 , compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due to the following:

Cost of service declined 6.2 million, or 8 , in 2021, primarily due to a decrease in interconnection costs as a result of lower voice traffic terminating outside of NuevaTel s network. Additionally, NuevaTel implemented workforce
 reductions in the fourth quarter of 2020 with related cost reductions continuing through 2021. Transaction fees were also impacted by the decline in revenue and subscribers in 2021 compared to 2020;

Cost of equipment sales declined 5.5 million, or 69 , in 2021, mainly due to a decline in the number of handsets sold during the period;

Sales and marketing declined 3.3 million, or 12 , in 2021, primarily due to cost control measures, including a decrease in salaries and wages as a result of workforce reductions which occurred during the fourth quarter of 2020. These
 declines were partially offset by an increase in advertising expense;

General and administrative costs declined 6.1 million, or 18 , in 2021, primarily due to lower bad debt expense as a result of societal restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic which impacted collections in the periods in 2020. The
 decline was also attributable to a decrease in salaries and wages and outsourcing costs associated with continued cost controls implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic;

20 

Table of Contents 

Depreciation, amortization and accretion declined 8.6 million, or 21 , in 2021, primarily due to a lower asset base during the year being depreciated as a result of the impairment charge recognized in the third quarter of 2021;

Impairment of long-lived assets was 113.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of the charge recorded in the third quarter of 2021. There was no impairment recorded in the year ended December 31, 2020. See Note 1 
 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information; and

Loss on disposal of assets and sale-leaseback transaction increased 5.5 million, or 107 , in 2021, primarily due to the timing of the gains recognized in connection with the closings of the tower sale-leaseback transaction in 2020.

Segment Adjusted EBITDA declined 6.7 million, or 101 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the decrease in both postpaid and prepaid service revenues, partially offset by the declines in cost of service,
 general and administrative costs and sales and marketing described above.

Capital expenditures declined 0.5 million, or 4 , to 11.8 million, in 2021 compared to 2020, mainly due to the timing of spending and as a result of NuevaTel s continuing efforts to preserve cash resources. Capital
 expenditures of 11.8 million in 2021 were primarily related to investment in the LTE network, including additional 4G LTE sites.

Selected Financial Information

The following tables set forth our summary consolidated financial data for the periods ended and as of the dates indicated below.

The summary consolidated financial data is derived from the Consolidated Financial Statements for each of the periods indicated in the following tables.

Differences between amounts set forth in the following tables and corresponding amounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes which accompany this MD A are a result of rounding. Amounts for
 subtotals, totals and percentage variances presented in the following tables may not sum or calculate using the numbers as they appear in the tables as a result of rounding.

21 

Table of Contents 

Selected annual financial information

The following table shows selected consolidated financial information of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company discusses the factors that
 caused results to vary over the past three years throughout this MD A.

Consolidated Income Statement Data

For the Year Ended December 31,

(in millions, except per share amounts)

2022

2021

2020

Service revenues

200.4

540.7

504.0

Equipment sales

38.1

112.9

106.3

Total revenues

238.5

653.6

610.3

Operating expenses

225.9

(773.4

(615.7

Operating income (loss)

464.4

(119.9

(5.4

Interest expense

(22.9

(53.7

(46.5

Change in fair value of warrant liability

0.1

0.1

-

Debt extinguishment, modification and issuance costs

(8.5

(7.0

-

Other, net

15.4

(3.3

(4.6

Income (loss) before income taxes

448.5

(183.8

(56.6

Income tax expense

(11.5

(10.5

(23.1

Net income (loss)

437.0

(194.4

(79.7

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

(3.6

49.7

31.9

Net income (loss) attributable to TIP Inc.

433.5

(144.7

(47.8

Net income (loss) attributable to TIP Inc. per share:

Basic

4.93

(2.15

(0.83

Diluted

4.90

(2.15

(0.83

22 

Table of Contents 

Selected balance sheet information

The table below shows selected consolidated financial information for the Company s financial position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The table below provides information related to the cause of the changes in
 financial position by financial statement line item for the period compared.

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data

As of December 31,

As of December 31,

(in millions, except as noted)

2022

2021

Change includes:

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

25.1

55.0

Decline is primarily due to 421.5 million of payments of debt and EIP receivables financing obligation, net of proceeds, 115.8 million of return of capital distributions to shareholders, and 32.4 million
 of purchases of property and equipment. These declines were largely offset by 552.2 million of proceeds from the sale of operations, inclusive of proceeds from forward exchange contract, net of 51.1 million of cash sold. For additional
 information on the sale of operations, see Note 2 Sale of Operations to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Change

(54

Other current assets

15.6

145.8

Decline is due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022. Approximately 14.1 million of the balance as of December 31, 2022 represents the consideration from the 2degrees
 Sale held in escrow.

Change

(89

Property, equipment and intangibles, net

-

368.5

Decline is due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022.

Change

(100

Other non-current assets

-

234.6

Decline is due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022.

Change

(100

Total assets

40.6

803.9

23 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31,

As of December 31,

(in millions, except as noted)

2022

2021

Change includes:

Current portion of long-term 

 debt and financing lease 

 liabilities

-

31.6

Decline is due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022.

Change

(100

All other current liabilities

7.2

194.0

Decline is primarily due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022, partially offset by the 5.1 million balance of accrued severance costs as of December 31, 2022 at
 corporate headquarters.

Change

(96

Long-term debt and financing lease liabilities

-

631.7

Decline is due to the prepayment of the TISP 8.875 Notes and the TISP 10.0 Notes and the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022.

Change

(100

All other non-current liabilities

-

192.6

Decline is due to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction in May 2022.

Change

(100

Total shareholders equity (deficit)

33.5

(246.0

Increase in shareholders equity is mainly due to net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by the return of capital to shareholders, the change in noncontrolling interests and the
 impact of foreign currency translation adjustments.

Change

114

Total liabilities and 

 shareholders equity (deficit)

40.6

803.9

24 

Table of Contents 

Selected quarterly financial information

The following table shows selected quarterly financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP:

For the Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

(in millions, except per share amounts)

Q4

Q3

Q2

Q1

Q4

Q3

Q2

Q1

Service revenues

-

-

69.2

131.2

133.8

134.4

134.2

138.2

Equipment sales

-

-

14.0

24.1

35.3

23.1

23.4

31.1

Total revenues

-

-

83.2

155.4

169.1

157.5

157.6

169.3

Operating expenses

(1.9

(3.4

380.3

(149.1

(170.7

(275.0

(161.6

(166.1

Operating (loss) income

(1.9

(3.4

463.5

6.2

(1.6

(117.5

(4.1

3.3

Interest expense

-

-

(8.6

(14.3

(13.8

(13.4

(13.2

(13.3

Change in fair value of warrant liability

-

-

-

0.1

(0.1

-

0.1

0.1

Debt extinguishment, modification and issuance costs

-

-

(8.5

-

-

-

(7.0

-

Other, net

1.8

(2.0

30.2

(14.6

(7.7

2.2

0.4

1.8

(Loss) income before income taxes

(0.1

(5.4

476.6

(22.6

(23.2

(128.7

(23.8

(8.2

Income tax (expense) benefit

(0.1

-

(5.2

(6.2

(5.3

1.0

(2.7

(3.6

Net (loss) income

(0.2

(5.4

471.5

(28.8

(28.5

(127.7

(26.5

(11.7

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

-

-

(2.5

(1.1

0.3

37.1

9.3

3.0

Net (loss) income attributable to TIP Inc.

(0.2

(5.4

468.9

(29.8

(28.2

(90.6

(17.2

(8.7

Net (loss) income attributable to TIP Inc. per share:

Basic

-

(0.06

5.36

(0.34

(0.33

(1.37

(0.29

(0.15

Diluted

-

(0.06

5.31

(0.34

(0.33

(1.37

(0.29

(0.15

Q4 2022 Recap

Cash and cash equivalents totaled 25.1 million as of December 31, 2022, exclusive of our share of the purchase price escrow established in connection with the 2degrees Sale.

In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into forward exchange contracts to sell an aggregate of 20 million NZD and buy an aggregate of 12.3 million USD on June 30, 2023. These contracts were entered into in order to mitigate
 exposure to fluctuations in the NZD to USD exchange rate in respect of substantially all of the 22 million NZD of proceeds from the 2degrees Sale held in escrow.

Quarterly Trends and Seasonality

The Company s operating results varied from quarter to quarter because of changes in general economic conditions and seasonal fluctuations, among other things, in each of the Company s operations and business
 segments. Different products and subscribers had unique seasonal and behavioral features. Accordingly, one quarter s results were not predictive of future performance.

Fluctuations in net income from quarter to quarter resulted from events that were unique or that occurred irregularly, such as losses on the refinance of debt, foreign exchange gains or losses, changes in the fair
 value of warrant liability and derivative instruments, impairment or sale of assets and operations, changes in income taxes, and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

25 

Table of Contents 

New Zealand and Bolivia

Prior to the closing of the 2degrees Sale and the NuevaTel Transaction trends in New Zealand s and Bolivia s service revenues and overall operating performance were affected by:

Lower prepaid subscribers due to a shift in focus to postpaid sales;

Higher usage of wireless data due to the migration from 3G to 4G LTE in Bolivia;

Increased competition and changes in the market leading to larger data bundles offered for prices which impacted data ARPU;

Stable postpaid churn in New Zealand, which the Company believes was a reflection of the Company s heightened focus on high-value subscribers, bundled service offerings, and the Company s enhanced subscriber service efforts;

Decreasing voice revenue as rate plans increasingly incorporated more monthly minutes and calling features, such as long distance;

Lower roaming revenue due to mobility restrictions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic;

Varying handset subsidies as more consumers shifted toward smartphones with the latest technologies;

Varying handset costs related to advancement of technologies and reduced supplier rebates or discounts on highly-sought devices;

Seasonal promotions which were typically more significant in periods closer to year-end;

Subscribers activating and suspending service to take advantage of promotions by the Company or its competitors;

Higher voice and data costs related to the increasing number of subscribers, or, alternatively, a decline in costs associated with a decline in voice usage;

Higher costs associated with the retention of high-value subscribers; and

Decline in gross subscriber additions due to decreased commercial activity resulting from COVID-related societal restrictions and economic contraction.

Trends in New Zealand s service revenues and operating performance that were unique to its fixed broadband business included:

Higher internet subscription fees as subscribers increasingly upgraded to higher-tier speed plans, including those with unlimited usage;

Subscribers bundling their service plans at a discount;

Fluctuations in retail broadband pricing and operating costs influenced by government-regulated copper wire services pricing and changing consumer and competitive demands;

Availability of fiber services in a particular area or general network coverage; and

Individuals swapping technologies as fiber became available in their connection area.

Liquidity and Capital Resources Measures

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 25.1 million in cash and cash equivalents, exclusive of our share of the purchase price escrow established in connection with the 2degrees Sale in mid-May 2022. The 25.1
 million in cash and cash equivalents includes 7.3 million CAD for future distributions and ongoing costs denominated in that currency. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 55.0 million in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, of which
 36.8 million was held by 2degrees, 17.5 million was held by NuevaTel, and 0.7 million was held at corporate and others.

On May 19, 2022, the 2degrees Sale closed for an equity purchase price for 100 of 2degrees of 1.315 billion NZD, based on an implied enterprise value of 1.7 billion NZD inclusive of lease liabilities. The
 Company s share of the total consideration was 930 million NZD (approximately 601 million based on the exchange rate on the date the consideration was received), net of 33 million NZD 21 million) for closing adjustments, including transaction
 advisory fees, along with payments to satisfy the outstanding 2degrees option pool. The Company received 587 million 908 million NZD) of the consideration in May 2022. Approximately 22 million NZD of the consideration paid by Voyage Digital for
 the Company s 2degrees shares is being held in escrow as recourse for potential indemnification claims that may arise under the Purchase Agreement. The amount in escrow represents a consideration receivable and is included in Sale proceeds held in
 escrow within current assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as it is currently considered to be probable that the amount will be received in full upon completion of the escrow period. The escrowed proceeds are scheduled to be released
 in May 2023. The amount of escrow proceeds that will ultimately be received will depend upon whether any indemnification obligations arise under the Purchase Agreement, and the receivable will be monitored for potential impairment over time as
 facts and circumstances evolve.

26 

Table of Contents 

In connection with the closing of the 2degrees Sale, in the second quarter of 2022, the Company settled its forward exchange contract related to a portion of the sale proceeds. The forward exchange contract was
 settled at a gain of 16.6 million and the related cash proceeds were included in investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. See Note 9 Derivative Financial Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 additional information.

Upon closing of the 2degrees Sale, the Company also used a portion of the proceeds to prepay approximately 450 million in aggregate outstanding indebtedness and accrued interest under the TISP 8.875 Notes, the TISP
 10.0 Notes and the Company s 13.5 bridge loans due 2023 (the Bridge Loans ). As a result of these prepayments, the Company had no remaining indebtedness outstanding as of December 31, 2022. See Note 8 Debt to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for additional information on the prepayments of debt.

The remaining amount of proceeds received by the Company from the 2degrees Sale, after prepayment of debt obligations and payment of certain corporate working capital obligations accrued through the date of the
 transaction, was converted to USD and CAD in the amounts expected to be used for distributions to shareholders and corporate use. These amounts were used to fund the initial shareholder distribution made in June 2022 in the aggregate amount of 150
 million CAD 116 million) and to provide a cash reserve. The Company s cash reserve also includes its share of the escrow balance in the amount of 22 million NZD retained from the proceeds of the 2degrees Sale. In connection with the Company s
 plan of liquidation adopted on June 10, 2022, the cash reserve will be utilized for costs related to the eventual dissolution of the Company, including costs related to continued financial reporting, and headquarters costs through mid-year 2023
 along with payment of the 7.1 million balance of Other current liabilities and accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022 as presented in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet (including 5.1 million of remaining expected severance payments to be
 made in connection with the Company s wind-down process). The cash reserve will also be utilized for the payment of indemnification claims, if any, that may arise from the transaction but are not funded by the warranty insurance policy purchased in
 connection with the 2degrees Sale or by the aforementioned purchase price escrow. Furthermore, based on the Company s current estimates, the Company expects to make a distribution in mid-2023 in a range of 15 million to 20 million. However, as
 previously disclosed, the amount and timing of future shareholder distributions is subject to certain factors, including the amount and timing of the release to the Company of funds held in escrow to secure payment of certain indemnification
 obligations under the Purchase Agreement (the escrow period is scheduled to terminate in May 2023), fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and costs associated with the dissolution of the Company.

In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into forward exchange contracts to sell an aggregate of 20 million NZD and buy an aggregate of 12.3 million USD on June 30, 2023. These contracts were entered into
 in order to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in the NZD to USD exchange rate for substantially all of the proceeds from the 2degrees Sale held in escrow.

The Company expects that it will be required to comply with Canadian and U.S. public company reporting obligations through the six year indemnification period following the closing of the 2degrees Sale. During the
 period in which the Company continues to report publicly, we will be responsible for maintaining appropriate processes and controls around financial reporting. However, given the significantly reduced risk profile of the Company following the
 2degrees Sale and NuevaTel Transaction, we have reduced the cost structure of our corporate function, with a significant portion of the workforce having ceased employment with the Company in September 2022, and we have retained only a limited
 number of resources to ensure compliance with ongoing regulatory and audit requirements. The Company has also negotiated with service providers to ensure a significant reduction in costs going forward. It is also the Company s expectation that
 following the escrow release in May 2023, the Company will endeavor to further adjust its cost structure commensurate with the risk profile of the Company.

Accordingly, management believes that our working capital will be adequate to meet the Company s requirements for the next twelve months following the date of this MD A. With the sale of our operations, the
 Company no longer has material cash requirements to fund capital expenditures or significant contractual obligations.

27 

Table of Contents 

Selected cash flows information

The following table summarizes the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the periods indicated:

For the Year Ended December 31,

Variance

(in millions)

2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021

2021 vs 2020

Net cash (used in) provided by

Operating activities

(8.6

48.7

40.9

(118

19

Investing activities

519.1

(93.8

(86.4

653

(9

Financing activities

(537.3

(0.5

67.8

n/

m

(101

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

(26.8

(45.6

22.3

41

(304

n/m - not meaningful

Cash flow (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flow used in operating activities increased 57.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was primarily due to the sales of the Company s operating
 entities, 2degrees and NuevaTel, in May 2022.

Cash flow provided by operating activities increased 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This change reflects various offsetting changes in working capital
 in 2021 compared to 2020, including, among other changes, lease incentives received in the third quarter of 2021, partially offset by 7.0 million of fees paid to third parties in connection with the exchange in June 2021 of the Trilogy LLC 2022
 Notes and a 6.2 million increase in interest paid, net of capitalized interest, primarily due to an increase in interest expense related to the issuance of the TISP 10.0 Notes during the fourth quarter of 2020. See Note 8 Debt to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Cash flow provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flow provided by investing activities increased 612.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the 552.2 million proceeds from the sales of
 operations, inclusive of proceeds from forward exchange contract of 16.6 million, net of cash sold of 51.1 million, see Note 2 Sale of Operations to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. The increase was also due to a
 60.4 million decrease in capital expenditures.

Cash flow used in investing activities increased 7.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, due to a 15.5 million increase in capital expenditures and aggregate
 payments of 6.7 million for spectrum licenses in 2021, including renewal of 2degrees 1800 and 2100 MHz spectrum holdings, and the receipt in 2020 of 5.8 million in cash proceeds from the fourth and final closing of the NuevaTel tower
 sale-leaseback transaction. These changes were partially offset by 10.0 million of purchases of short-term investments in 2020 and related 10.0 million in maturities and sales of short-term investments in 2021.

Cash flow used in financing activities 

Cash flow used in financing activities increased 536.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by a 396.3 million increase in payment of debt,
 net of proceeds, and a 115.8 million return of capital distribution to shareholders. The increase was also due to a 32.6 million reduction in proceeds from the EIP receivable financing obligation.

Cash flow used in financing activities increased 68.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This change was primarily due to a 76.8 million reduction in proceeds
 from debt, net of payments, including proceeds in 2020 from the issuance of 50 million of senior secured notes by TISP and proceeds of 35.1 million from the New Zealand 2023 Senior Facilities Agreement. These changes were partially offset by a
 6.0 million decline in dividends paid to noncontrolling interests in 2021 compared to 2020.

Contractual obligations

As a result of the sale of operations in the second quarter of 2022, the Company no longer has any significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022.

28 

Table of Contents 

Effect of inflation 

The Company s management believes inflation has not had a material effect on its financial condition or results of operations in recent years.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that would have a material effect on the financial statements as of December 31, 2022.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
 that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. The estimates, discussed below, are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently
 uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. The Company generally bases its judgments on its historical experience and on various other
 assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making estimates about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. See Note 1
 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Revenue Recognition

Prior to the sale of our operations, the Company derived its revenues primarily from wireless services, fixed broadband services and equipment sales. Of these, we considered the most critical of
 our revenue recognition policies to be those related to contracts with more than one product or service (or performance obligation). Determining whether products and services were considered distinct performance obligations that should have been
 accounted for separately versus together required significant judgment.

Judgement was required to determine the stand-alone price for each product or service (or performance obligation). In instances where the stand-alone price was not directly observable, such as
 when we did not sell the product or service separately, we determined the stand-alone price using information that may have included market conditions and other observable inputs.

When we capitalized permissible contract costs (costs to obtain or fulfill a contract), we made judgments in determining the anticipated period of benefit, or amortization period. For example,
 when we paid commissions to sales personnel and agents, we applied judgement in estimating the useful life of the asset, including assumptions about the likelihood of customer renewals which was generally based on historical experience and market
 conditions.

Our products were generally sold with a right of return, and we provided other credits or incentives in some circumstances, which were accounted for as variable consideration when determining the
 amount of revenue to recognize. Returns and credits were estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information became available. Changes to our estimated variable consideration were not material
 for the periods presented.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the asset and liability method of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ), which require us to recognize current
 tax liabilities or receivables for the amount of taxes we estimate are payable or refundable for the current year, and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the
 financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax bases of assets and liabilities and the expected benefits of net operating loss and credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
 expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in operations in the period
 enacted. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that a portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
 and the reversal of deferred tax liabilities during the period in which related temporary differences become deductible.

29 

Table of Contents 

The Company follows the provisions of ASC 740 to record uncertain tax positions under the use of the two-step process. We review and adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits based on our best judgment given
 the facts, circumstances and information available at each reporting date. To the extent that the final outcome of these tax positions is different than the amounts recorded, such differences may impact income tax expense and actual tax payments.
 We recognize any interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Actual tax payments may materially differ from estimated liabilities as a result of changes in tax laws as well as unanticipated
 transactions impacting related income tax balances.

The income tax effect of the financial statement gains realized from the 2degrees Sale and NuevaTel Transaction were entirely offset by the reversal of the deductible outside basis difference attributable to the
 Company s investments in 2degrees and NuevaTel. Given that the deferred tax assets were historically offset with a full valuation allowance, there was no net income tax impact. Proceeds received in the transactions did not exceed the Company s tax
 basis in its investments in 2degrees and NuevaTel, resulting in no current tax payable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s deferred tax assets principally consisted of capital and operating loss carryforwards, which are significant, offset by a
 full valuation allowance.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

The effects of recently issued accounting standards are discussed in Note 1 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Changes in Accounting Policies Including Initial Adoption

Other than the adoption of new accounting standards, as discussed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, there have been no changes in the Company s accounting policies.

Financial Instruments and Other Instruments

The Company considers the management of financial risks to be an important part of its overall corporate risk management policy. The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage existing exposures,
 irrespective of whether such relationships are formally documented as hedges in accordance with hedge accounting requirements. This is further described in the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 9 Derivative Financial Instruments to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

Definitions and Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Measures

The Company reports certain non-U.S. GAAP measures that are used to evaluate the performance of the Company and to manage its capital structure. Non-U.S. GAAP measures do not have any standardized meaning under U.S.
 GAAP and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. Securities regulations require such measures to be clearly defined and reconciled with their most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure.

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA represents Net income (loss) (the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure) excluding amounts for: income tax expense; interest expense; depreciation, amortization
 and accretion; equity-based compensation (recorded as a component of General and administrative expense); (gain) on sale of operations and loss (gain) on disposal of assets and sale-leaseback transaction; and all other non-operating income and
 expenses. Net income (loss) margin is calculated as Net income (loss) divided by service revenues. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by service revenues. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are common measures
 of operating performance in the telecommunications industry. The Company s management believes Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are helpful measures because they allow management to evaluate the Company s performance by removing from its
 operating results items that do not relate to core operating performance. The Company s management believes that certain investors and analysts use Adjusted EBITDA to value companies in the telecommunications industry. The Company s management
 believes that certain investors and analysts also use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to evaluate the performance of the Company s business. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin have no directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure. The
 following table provides a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to the most comparable financial measure reported under U.S. GAAP, Net income (loss).

30 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 

For the Year Ended December 31,

(in millions)

2022

2021

2020

Net income (loss)

437.0

(194.4

(79.7

Interest expense

22.9

53.7

46.5

Depreciation, amortization and accretion

18.4

107.2

107.0

Debt extinguishment, modification and issuance costs

8.5

7.0

-

Change in fair value of warrant liability

(0.1

(0.1

-

Income tax expense

11.5

10.5

23.1

Other, net

(15.4

3.3

4.6

Equity-based compensation

3.6

3.4

5.6

Impairment of long-lived assets

-

113.8

-

(Gain) on sale of operations and loss (gain) on disposal of assets and sale-leaseback transaction

(457.6

1.1

(2.5

Transaction and other nonrecurring costs (1) 

10.6

9.4

2.4

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (2) 

39.4

115.1

107.0

Net income (loss) margin (Net income (loss) divided by service revenues)

218.1

(36.0

(15.8

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Margin

19.7

21.3

21.2

(Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA divided by service revenues)

(1) 2022 includes 7.1 million costs recorded at corporate headquarters of which 6.5 million are related to
 severance costs. 2022 also includes 2.1 million of costs incurred in connection with the 2degrees Sale and 1.3 million of costs related to the NuevaTel Transaction for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 2 - Sale of Operations to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 2021 includes 6.4 million of costs related to the Company's preparation for a planned public listing and equity issuance in New Zealand. 2021 also includes 1.7 million of costs in
 connection with the 2degrees Sale. 2020 includes 1.6 million of workforce reduction restructuring costs in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

(2) In July 2013, Trilogy LLC sold to Salamanca Holding Company SHC ), a Delaware limited liability company, 80 
 of its interest in its wholly owned subsidiary, Salamanca Solutions International LLC SSI ). Although Trilogy LLC held a 20 equity interest in SSI, due to the fact that NuevaTel was SSI s primary customer, Trilogy LLC was considered SSI s
 primary beneficiary and, as such, the Company consolidated 100 of SSI s net (losses) income. In April 2022, the Company surrendered its 20 ownership interest in SSI. Prior to the Company's surrender of its SSI ownership interest, the impact on
 the Company's consolidated results of the 80 that Trilogy LLC did not own decreased Adjusted EBITDA by 0.1 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

Consolidated Equipment Subsidy

Equipment subsidy Equipment Subsidy is the cost of devices in excess of the revenue generated from equipment sales and is calculated by subtracting Cost of equipment sales
 from Equipment sales. Management used Equipment Subsidy on a consolidated level to evaluate the net loss that was incurred in connection with the sale of equipment or devices in order to acquire and retain subscribers. Equipment Subsidy included
 devices acquired and sold for fixed broadband subscribers. Consolidated Equipment Subsidy is used in computing Equipment subsidy per gross addition. A reconciliation of Equipment Subsidy to Equipment sales and Cost of equipment sales, both U.S.
 GAAP measures, is presented below:

Equipment Subsidy

For the Year Ended December 31,

(in millions)

2022

2021

2020

Cost of equipment sales

39.2

120.9

115.8

Less: Equipment sales

(38.1

(112.9

(106.3

Equipment Subsidy

1.1

8.0

9.5

31 

Table of Contents 

Key Industry Performance Measures Definitions

The following measures are industry metrics that management historically found useful in assessing the operating performance of the Company, and are often used in the wireless telecommunications industry, but do not
 have a standardized meaning under U.S. GAAP:

Monthly average revenues per wireless user ARPU is calculated by dividing average monthly wireless service revenues during the relevant period by the
 average number of wireless subscribers during such period.

Wireless data revenues data revenues is a component of wireless service revenues that includes the use of web
 navigation, multimedia messaging service and value-added services by subscribers over the wireless network through their devices.

Wireless service revenues wireless service revenues is a component of total revenues that excludes fixed broadband revenues, equipment sales and
 non-subscriber international long distance revenues; it captures wireless performance and is the basis for the blended wireless ARPU calculations.

Wireless data average revenue per wireless user data ARPU is calculated by dividing monthly data revenues during
 the relevant period by the average number of wireless subscribers during the period.

Service revenues service revenues is a component of total revenues that excludes equipment sales.

Churn churn is the rate at which existing subscribers cancel their services, or are suspended from accessing the network, or have no revenue generating
 event within the most recent 90 days, expressed as a percentage. Subscribers that subsequently have their service restored within a certain period of time are presented net of disconnections which may result in a negative churn percentage
 in certain periods. Churn is calculated by dividing the number of subscribers disconnected by the average subscriber base. It is a measure of monthly subscriber turnover.

Capital intensity capital intensity represents purchases of property and equipment divided by total service revenues. The Company s capital expenditures
 do not include expenditures on spectrum licenses. Capital intensity allows the Company to compare the level of the Company s additions to property and equipment to those of other companies within the same industry.

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Not applicable.

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

All financial statements and supplementary data required by this Item are listed in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (or are incorporated therein by reference) and are presented beginning on Page
 F-1.

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A .

Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s filings under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in
 accordance with the requirements specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief
 Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (in accordance with the requirements of National Instrument 52-109 of the Canadian Securities Administrators and as
 defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
 2022 are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Registrant in reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
 forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

32 

Table of Contents 

The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and, as indicated in the preceding paragraph, the CEO and CFO believe that the Company s
 disclosure controls and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level, although the CEO and CFO do not expect that the disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors
 and all fraud.

Management of the Company, under the supervision of the CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined by the rules of the
 SEC and the Canadian Securities Administrators. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes:

maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets and consolidated entities;

providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that receipts and expenditures by the Company and its
 subsidiaries are being made only in accordance with the authorization of the Company s management and Directors; and

providing reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Limitations of Controls and Procedures

The Company s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. However, due to their inherent limitations,
 disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements and fraud.

A control system, no matter how well conceived or operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The Company will continue to periodically review
 its disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and may make such modifications from time to time as it considers necessary.

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

Management of the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the CEO and CFO, assessed the Company s internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth in Internal Control -
 Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission as of December 31, 2022. This evaluation included a review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of
 controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Management of the Company has determined that its internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially
 affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information

Not applicable.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

33 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Concurrently with the Company s delisting from the Toronto Stock Exchange on December 23, 2022, Theresa Gillespie, Alan Horn, Nadir Mohamed and Reza Satchu resigned from the Board. The Company listed its Common
 Shares on the NEX board of the TSXV on December 28, 2022. The listing rules applicable to issuers listed on the NEX Board of the TSXV (the Listing Rules require a listed company to have (i) at least three directors and (ii) an Audit Committee.
 Accordingly, the number of Directors following the above-described resignations complies with the Listing Rules. The Company also disbanded its Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee.

The names, age, municipality of residence and positions with the Company of the persons that serve as Directors and executive officers of the Company as of the date hereof are set out below. All of the members of the
 Board were initially appointed to the Board pursuant to the Arrangement. The Company s officers were appointed on February 7, 2017 and continue to serve as officers until they resign or until their appointments are terminated by the Board.

Directors

Name, Age, State or Province 

 and Country of Residence

Present Principal Occupation

Director Since

Bradley J. Horwitz, 67 (2) 

 Washington, U.S.

Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company

February 7, 2017

Mark Kroloff, 66 (1) 

 Alaska, U.S.

Managing Partner, First Alaskan Capital Partners

February 7, 2017

John W. Stanton, 67 (2) 

 Washington, U.S.

Director of the Company

February 7, 2017

Notes:

(1) 

Chair of the Audit Committee of the Company (the Audit Committee 

(2) 

Member of the Audit Committee

The Directors of the Company are elected by the shareholders of the Company at each annual meeting of shareholders, and will hold office until the next annual meeting of the Company, unless: (i) his office is earlier
 vacated in accordance with the Articles; or (ii) he becomes disqualified to act as a Director.

Further, the Directors of the Company are authorized to appoint one or more additional Directors of the Company, such appointed Directors shall cease to hold office immediately before the election of Directors at the
 next annual meeting of shareholders of the Company, but are eligible for re-election, provided that the total number of Directors so appointed may not exceed one third of the number of Directors of the Company approved pursuant to the Arrangement
 or elected at the previous annual meeting of shareholders of the Company, as the case may be.

Executive Officers

Name, Age and Residence

Present Principal Occupation

Bradley J. Horwitz, 67

 Washington, U.S.

Chief Executive Officer of the Company

Erik Mickels, 46

 Washington, U.S.

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company

Scott Morris, 70

 Washington, U.S.

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company

34 

Table of Contents 

Biographies

The following are brief profiles of the Directors and NEOs of the Company, including a description of each individual s principal occupation within the past five years.

Directors

John W. Stanton . John W. Stanton was a Co-Founder and Chairman of the Management Committee of Trilogy LLC from 2005 until the completion of the Arrangement with TIP Inc. in
 2017. He was Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Western Wireless and its predecessors from 1992 until Alltel Corporation s acquisition of Western Wireless in 2005. Western Wireless was one of the largest providers of
 rural wireless communications services in the United States and through its subsidiary, Western Wireless International Corporation, was licensed to provide wireless communications services in 11 countries in Europe, Eastern Europe, Africa, Latin
 America, and the Caribbean. Mr. Stanton was Chairman of the Board of Directors of T-Mobile USA from 1994 to 2004 and Chief Executive Officer of T-Mobile USA from February 1998 to March 2003. Mr. Stanton served as a director of McCaw Cellular
 Communications McCaw Cellular from 1986 to 1994, and as a director of LIN Broadcasting from 1990 to 1994, during which time it was a publicly traded company. From 1983 to 1991, Mr. Stanton served in various capacities with McCaw Cellular; he
 was Vice Chairman of the Board of McCaw Cellular from 1988 to September 1991 and Chief Operating Officer of McCaw Cellular from 1985 to 1988. Mr. Stanton served as a director of Clearwire Corporation from 2008 to 2013, and was Chairman of the Board
 of Directors of Clearwire Corporation from January 2011 to July 2013. Mr. Stanton serves on the boards of directors of Microsoft Corporation and Costco Wholesale Corporation, both of which are publicly traded companies. Mr. Stanton is also
 currently the Chairman and Managing Partner of First Avenue Entertainment LLLP, which owns the Seattle Mariners, a Major League Baseball team. Mr. Stanton has a bachelor s degree in political science from Whitman College and an MBA from Harvard
 University.

Bradley J. Horwitz . Bradley J. Horwitz is the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. He was a Co-Founder of Trilogy LLC and was its President and Chief Executive
 Officer from 2005 until the completion of the Arrangement with TIP Inc. in 2017. Mr. Horwitz has been involved in the wireless industry since 1983, spending 13 years at McCaw Cellular where he held various management positions: he served as
 Director of Sales and Marketing from 1983 to 1986, Director of Paging Operations from 1986 to 1990, Director of Business Development from 1990 to 1992, and Vice President of International Operations from 1992 to 1994. After the sale of McCaw to the
 AT T Corporation in 1994, Mr. Horwitz joined the management team of Western Wireless. Mr. Horwitz was Executive Vice President of Western Wireless and President of Western Wireless International until Western Wireless was acquired by Alltel
 Corporation in 2005. Mr. Horwitz led Western Wireless s expansion into 11 international markets with operations in Europe, Eastern Europe, Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean. Mr. Horwitz is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Hong Kong
 Broadband, a publicly listed provider of fiber services in Hong Kong, and serves on the boards of the Center for Global Development and the Mobile Giving Foundation.

Mark Kroloff . Mark Kroloff is the Managing Member of First Alaskan Capital Partners, LLC, a private investment firm. He served as a director of General Communication Inc., an
 integrated telecommunications provider, until its acquisition by Liberty Ventures. He served as a board observer of Nova ehf, an Icelandic telecommunications provider. Previously, Mr. Kroloff served as the General Counsel and later as the Chief
 Operating Officer of Cook Inlet Region, Inc., at that time one of the largest minority-owned wireless, radio, and television providers in the U.S. Mr. Kroloff is a lawyer who began his career with the firm of Munger, Tolles Olson LLP in Los
 Angeles. He received his B.A. from Claremont McKenna College and his J.D. from the University of Texas School of Law.

Executive Officers

Bradley J. Horwitz . Please see Mr. Horwitz s biography above.

Erik Mickels . Erik Mickels serves as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Company and is responsible for leading the
 financial functions of the Company. Mr. Mickels joined Trilogy LLC in 2014 as the company's Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President - Corporate Controller and in 2016 was appointed group Chief Financial Officer supporting operational,
 financial and strategic initiatives of the Company. Mr. Mickels began his career at Arthur Andersen LLP and spent twelve years with KPMG LLP working primarily in the technology and retail industries. Mr. Mickels is also a Certified Public
 Accountant. Mr. Mickels has a bachelor s degree in accounting from Hillsdale College and is a graduate of Harvard Business School (Advanced Management Program). 

Scott Morris . Scott Morris has been Trilogy LLC s Senior Vice President and General Counsel since it commenced operations in 2006. Before joining Trilogy LLC in 2006, Mr.
 Morris served as General Counsel of Western Wireless International in 2005. From 2000 to 2004, he was Senior Vice President and General Counsel for Terabeam Corporation, a manufacturer of broadband wireless equipment. Previously he was Senior Vice
 President External Affairs for AT T Wireless and held senior legal and government affairs positions at McCaw Cellular and Viacom Cable. After graduating from University of California College of the Law San Francisco (formerly Hastings College
 of the Law), he joined the Federal Trade Commission in Washington, D.C., where he served as an attorney-advisor to the chairman of the Commission.

35 

Table of Contents 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code that applies to the Company s Directors, officers and employees, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, principal
 accounting officer or controller, persons performing similar functions and other officers, Directors and employees of the Company. The Code was adopted in February 2017 and set forth in Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on
 February 22, 2017. The Company will provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of the Code by contacting Trilogy International Partners Inc. Investor Relations by telephone at 425-458-5900 or by mail at 105 108th Avenue NE, Suite
 400, Bellevue, Washington 98004. The Company has not made any amendments to the Code. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not grant a waiver (including an implicit waiver) from a provision of the Code to any of its Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions that relates to one or more of the items set forth in Item 10 of this Annual Report.

Audit Committee 

The primary mandate of the Audit Committee is to provide assistance to the Board in fulfilling its responsibility to the Company s shareholders, potential shareholders and the investment community, to oversee the
 work and review the qualifications and independence of the external auditors of the Company, to review the financial statements of the Company and public disclosure documents containing financial information and to assist the Company with the legal
 compliance and ethics programs as established by management and by the Board and as required by law.

The Audit Committee consists of Mark Kroloff (Chair), Bradley J. Horwitz and John W. Stanton. A majority of the Audit Committee members are neither executive officers, employees nor control persons of the Company.
 Mr. Horwitz is the only committee member who is employed by the Company. Mr. Kroloff receives compensation from the Company only with respect to his service as a member of the Board. Mr. Stanton receives no compensation from the Company. All three
 members of the Audit Committee are financially literate under NI 52-110. The Board has determined that Mark Kroloff is an audit committee financial expert as defined under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

For the relevant education and experience of each of the members of the Audit Committee, please refer to the biographies of Mr. Kroloff, Mr. Horwitz and Mr. Stanton in Directors and
 Executive Officers Biographies in this Annual Report.

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

Equity Compensation Plans

The Company had in effect a (i) deferred share plan (the DSU Plan pursuant to which deferred share units that could be settled into Common Shares were granted to the Company s Directors and (ii) restricted share
 unit plan (the RSU Plan and with the DSU Plan, the Plans pursuant to which restricted share units that when vested were settled through the issuance of Common Shares were granted to the Company s employees and consultants.

In accordance with the rules of the Toronto Stock Exchange, the shareholders of the Company ratified the continued use of the DSU Plan and all unallocated DSUs thereunder at the Company s Annual General Meeting held
 on May 10, 2019 (the AGM ). In addition, the shareholders approved an amendment to the DSU Plan at the AGM to allow non-independent, non-employee Directors to participate in the DSU Plan. The Company had the ability to continue granting DSUs under
 the DSU Plan until May 10, 2022, the third anniversary of the shareholders approval of the DSU Plan. There were no DSUs granted in 2022.

At the AGM, the shareholders of the Company also ratified the continued use of the RSU Plan and all unallocated restricted share units RSUs thereunder. The Company had the ability to continue granting RSUs under
 the RSU Plan until May 10, 2022. RSUs granted prior to that date may, when vested, be settled into Common Shares. There were no grants of RSUs in 2022.

In 2022, immediately before the closing of the 2degrees Sale, the Company (i) settled all the DSUs issued to Directors under its DSU Plan and (ii) accelerated the vesting of all outstanding RSUs issued under its RSU
 Plan. In connection with the settlement of the DSUs, 489,762 Common Shares were issued in 2022 to former holders of DSUs. As a result of the accelerated vesting of all outstanding RSUs, 2,310,988 Common Shares were issued in 2022 to former holders
 of RSUs. Consequently, there were no DSUs or RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2022.

36 

Table of Contents 

The Company did not seek shareholder approval to extend the Plans. Accordingly, the Plans have expired and no further grants of DSUs or RSUs may be made.

RSU grants made in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 to the NEOs specified that any gain realized in connection with the (i) settlement of RSUs into Common Shares, (ii) transfer or sale of the RSUs, or (iii) sale of Common
 Shares received in respect of settle RSUs will be forfeited in the event of a restatement of the Company s financial results due to fraudulent or other intentional illegal conduct on the part of the NEO to the extent that RSUs would not have been
 awarded had the financial results been initially issued in accurate form.

Executive Compensation

Executive Summary Compensation Table

The following table sets forth the total annual and long-term equity and non-equity compensation, along with all other compensation awarded, for services rendered in all capacities to the Company for the years ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, in respect of the Company s NEOs during those periods.

Name and 

 principal 

 position

Year

Salary (1) 

(US 

Bonus (2) 

(US 

Stock 

 awards (3) 

 (US 

Nonequity 

 incentive 

plan 

 compensation 

 (US (4) 

All other 

compensation 

(US (5) 

Total 

(US 

Bradley J. Horwitz Chief Executive Officer (6) 

2022

400,000

300,000

Nil

Nil

22,347

722,347

2021

400,000

351,414

336,750

Nil

20,735

1,108,899

Erik Mickels Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (7) 

2022

480,000

288,000

Nil

256,000

22,399

1,046,399

2021

480,000

337,357

677,763

128,000

23,037

1,646,157

Scott Morris Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (8) 

2022

400,000

240,000

Nil

213,333

34,547

887,880

2021

400,000

281,131

564,802

106,667

32,135

1,384,735

Tomas Perez Chief Executive Officer of NuevaTel (9) 

2022

248,484

319,837

Nil

Nil

550,089

1,118,410

2021

405,634

300,000

258,175

Nil

342,183

1,305,992

Notes:

(1) 

All dollar amounts in the Executive Summary Compensation Table and footnotes thereto are reflected in U.S. dollars.

(2) 

Amounts reflect the annual cash bonuses that were earned by the NEOs for 2022 and 2021, although payment of each bonus was made in the year following the period for which the bonus was earned.

(3) 

Share-based awards represent the fair value of restricted share units RSUs granted in the year under the restricted share unit plan (the RSU Plan ). The fair value of the RSUs is based on the closing market price of the Common
 Shares on the effective date of grant multiplied by the number of RSUs grants. Accordingly, this value does not reflect the current value of any share-based award.

37 

Table of Contents 

(4) 

Mr. Mickels and Mr. Morris participated in a retention benefit program that entitled each of them to their respective annual salary and target bonus, split equally into a cash award that vested ratably over three years between January 1,
 2021 and January 1, 2024. Due to a change in control in 2022, the remaining cash award was fully vested in 2022.

(5) 

All other compensation includes amounts representing each NEO s estimated health insurance, 401(k) matching benefits and health care savings account contributions. In the case of Mr. Perez, the compensation includes 423,119 in 2022
 related to a severance payment Mr. Perez received from NuevaTel upon his resignation with good reason in connection with the NuevaTel Transaction. All other compensation for Mr. Perez also includes certain tax equalization benefits.

(6) 

Stock awards value reflects a grant of 300,000 units to Mr. Horwitz in 2021.

(7) 

Stock awards value reflects a grant of 603,797 units to Mr. Mickels in 2021.

(8) 

Stock awards value reflects a grant of 503,164 units to Mr. Morris in 2021.

(9) 

Stock awards value reflects a grant of 230,000 units to Mr. Perez in 2021.

Termination and Change of Control Benefits

The Company has in place a Severance Policy for senior executives, including Messrs. Horwitz, Mickels and Morris (the Severance Policy ). The Severance Policy entitles each participant to a severance payment in the
 event that such participant is terminated without cause or resigns with good reason. The severance benefit is equal to the participant s annual base salary and target bonus at the time of termination or resignation, except that, in the event of
 termination without cause or resignation with good reason within 365 days following a change of control (as defined in the Severance Policy) of the Company, the benefit is equal to two times the participant s annual base salary and target bonus at
 the time of termination or resignation.

Mr. Perez has signed agreements with NuevaTel and the Company that entitled Mr. Perez to a severance benefit in the event of termination without cause or resignation with good reason within 365 days following a
 change of control of the Company, Trilogy LLC or NuevaTel. The severance benefit is equal to Mr. Perez s annual base salary at the time of termination plus the amount of the annual target cash bonus for the year in which the termination occurs
 calculated based upon the Company s actual financial performance against relevant targets and prorated for the portion of the relevant year that has elapsed prior to termination or resignation. Mr. Perez resigned with good reason in connection with
 the NuevaTel Transaction in 2022 and was terminated without cause from his position with Trilogy in January 2023. He received a severance payment from NuevaTel in accordance with his agreement with NuevaTel and he received an accrued bonus from
 Trilogy in accordance with his employment agreement and a severance agreement with Trilogy.

Each of Messrs Horwitz, Mickels, and Morris has executed an agreement with the Company that restricts him, both during the term of his agreement and at any time thereafter, from disclosing any confidential
 information to any person, or using the same for any purpose other than the purposes of the Company. The agreements further provide that these executives may not disclose or use for any purpose, other than those of the Company, the private affairs
 of the Company, or any other information which they acquire during the course of their employment in respect of the business and affairs of the Company.

Outstanding Equity Awards at Year Ended 2022

In 2022, immediately before the closing of the 2degrees Sale, the Company accelerated the vesting of all outstanding RSUs issued under its RSU Plan.

Director Compensation

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Directors (other than Mr. Horwitz, whose compensation as an Executive is disclosed in the Executive Summary Compensation Table, above) received the remuneration set out
 below. Directors are also reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings or otherwise carrying out their duties as Directors.

Director Compensation

In consideration for serving on the Board, the Lead Independent Director was paid an annual retainer of US 125,000 and each other non-employee Director was entitled to an annual retainer of US 100,000; a non-employee
 Director who served on a committee was entitled to receive a supplemental US 15,000 annually, and a non-employee Director who served as a committee chairperson of a committee was entitled to receive US 10,000 annually in addition to the fee earned
 as a committee member. Directors are also reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred while serving on the Board.

38 

Table of Contents 

John W. Stanton and Theresa E. Gillespie waived their right to receive compensation as Directors. Bradley J. Horwitz, the President and the CEO of the Company, is not entitled to receive compensation for his services
 as a Director.

All Directors and officers of the Company are and will continue to be indemnified on customary terms by the Company.

Director Compensation Table

The following table shows the compensation paid in 2022 to the Company s Directors.

Name

Fees earned or 

 paid in cash 

(US 

Stock awards 

(US (1) 

Total 

Compensation 

(US 

Mr. Mark Kroloff

140,000

Nil

140,000

Mr. Nadir Mohamed (2) 

165,000

Nil

165,000

Mr. Alan Horn (2) 

140,000

Nil

140,000

Mr. Reza Satchu (2) 

100,000

Nil

100,000

Notes:

(1) 

In 2022, immediately before the closing of the 2degrees Sale, the Company settled all outstanding DSUs issued to Directors under its DSU Plan. In connection with the settlement of all outstanding DSUs, 489,762 Common Shares were issued
 in 2022.

(2) 

Concurrently with the Company s delisting from the Toronto Stock Exchange on December 23, 2022, Mr. Mohamed, Mr. Horn and Mr. Satchu resigned from the Board.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

To the knowledge of the Company, as of the date hereof, the Directors and the NEOs of the Company, as a group, beneficially own, or control or direct, directly or indirectly 23,839,600 Common Shares, representing
 approximately 26.90 of the number of outstanding Common Shares.

The following table states the number of Common Shares beneficially owned by each of the Directors and NEOs of the Company as of March 30, 2023:

Name

Number and Type of 

 Securities

Type of 

 Ownership (1) 

Percentage of 

 Class (2) 

John W. Stanton

16,908,563 

Common Shares (3) 

Beneficial

19.08 

Bradley J. Horwitz

4,419,246

 Common Shares

Registered and Beneficial

4.99 

Mark Kroloff

611,227

 Common Shares (4) 

Beneficial

0.69 

Erik Mickels

829,908

 Common Shares

Beneficial

0.94 

Scott Morris

1,070,656

 Common Shares (5) 

Beneficial

1.21 

Notes:

(1) 

Registered shares are shares shown on the Company s share register as being owned by the named Director or NEO directly in his name.

(2) 

Based on 88,627,593 Common Shares outstanding at March 30, 2023.

39 

Table of Contents 

(3) 

16,908,563 Common Shares are beneficially controlled or directed, directly or indirectly by John W. Stanton through SG Enterprises II, LLC, an entity owned and controlled by John W. Stanton and Theresa E. Gillespie.

(4) 

189,515 Common Shares are held by Mark Kroloff. 226,506 Common Shares are beneficially owned by Mr. Kroloff through FACP Investment Trilogy II, LLC, 168,884 Common Shares are beneficially owned by Mr. Kroloff through FACP Trilogy
 Investment LLC, and 26,322 Common Shares are beneficially owned by Mr. Kroloff through FACP TINZ LLC.

(5) 

930,656 Common Shares are held by Scott Morris. 80,000 Common Shares are beneficially owned by Mr. Morris through Abigail Morris, 30,000 Common Shares are beneficially owned by Mr. Morris as Trustee of the Devon Morris Irrevocable Trust
 and 30,000 Common Shares are beneficially owned by Mr. Morris as Trustee of the Lily M. Morris Irrevocable Trust. Mr. Morris disclaims beneficial ownership of the Common Shares owned by Abigail Morris.

The following table states the number of Common Shares owned by each person known to us to own more than 5 of our outstanding shares, as of March 30, 2023:

Name

Number and Type 

 of Securities

Type of Ownership

Percentage of 

 Class (1) 

SG Enterprises II, LLC (2) 

16,908,563 

Common Shares

Registered

19.08 

Anson Funds Management LP (3) 

9,453,250 

Common Shares

Beneficial

10.67 

Alignvest Management Corporation (4) 

8,214,622 

Common Shares

Registered

9.27 

Notes:

(1) 

Based on 88,627,593 Common Shares outstanding at March 30, 2023.

(2) 

SG Enterprises II, LLC's address is 155 108th Avenue NE, Suite 400, Bellevue, WA 98004.

(3) 

Anson Funds Management LP, a Texas limited partnership AFM ), is a registered Investment Advisor under the U.S. securities laws. According to the Statement on Schedule 13G/A filed by AFM on April 8, 2022 with the SEC, AFM, Anson
 Management GP LLC, Mr. Bruce R. Winson, Anson Advisors Inc., Mr. Amin Nathoo and Mr. Moez Kassam are the beneficial owners of the shares of Common Shares held by AFM. Anson Funds Management LP reports its principal address as 1600 Dallas
 Parkway, Suite 800, Dallas, TX 75248.

(4) 

Alignvest s holdings reflect the holdings of Alignvest and two affiliated investment funds, Alignvest Partners Master Fund LP and Alignvest AQX LP. Alignvest Management Corporation reports its business address as 1027 Yonge Street, Suite
 200, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M4W 2K9.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

Change in Control

As of the date of this Annual Report, there are no arrangements known to the Company which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Transactions with Related Parties

The TISP 10.0 Notes were purchased by certain beneficial owners of the Trilogy LLC 2022 Notes. The purchasers of the TISP 10.0 Notes included SG Enterprises II, LLC, which purchased 7.0 million of TISP 10.0 
 Notes. SG Enterprises II, LLC is a Washington limited liability company owned by John W. Stanton and Theresa E. Gillespie. John W. Stanton is the Chairman of the Board of TIP Inc. and Theresa E. Gillespie is a former Director of TIP Inc. As stated
 above, upon the closing of the 2degrees Sale, the TISP 10.0 Notes were prepaid with a portion of the proceeds from the 2degrees Sale.

40 

Table of Contents 

In order to fund its operations, pending the closing of the 2degrees Sale, in January 2022, the Company entered into the Bridge Loans with three of its principal shareholders: SG Enterprises II, LLC, Brad Horwitz
 and Alignvest Management Corporation. In the first quarter of 2022, SG Enterprises II, LLC, Brad Horwitz and Alignvest Management Corporation provided 6.5 million, 1.5 million and 2.0 million, respectively, to the Company under the terms of
 the Bridge Loans. The Bridge Loans were repaid during the second quarter of 2022. For additional information, see Note 8 Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

On July 31, 2013, Trilogy LLC entered into an agreement (the Agreement with SHC and three former Trilogy LLC executives. Pursuant to the Agreement, Trilogy LLC transferred to SHC 80 of Trilogy LLC s interest in
 its wholly owned subsidiary, SSI, in exchange for 2,140 Trilogy LLC Class C Units Class C Units held by the three individuals. In April 2022, the Company surrendered its 20 ownership interest in SSI to SHC and cancelled an 80 thousand
 promissory note that SSI had issued to the Company in January 2022. SSI owns billing and customer relations management intellectual property, and associated software support and development services that it had licensed to NuevaTel. Following the
 Company s surrender of its SSI ownership interest and cancellation of the promissory note, and in connection with the anticipated closing of the NuevaTel Transaction, Balesia acquired 100 of SHC.

Trilogy LLC had a non-interest bearing loan outstanding to New Island Cellular, LLC New Island ), an entity with which a former member and manager of Trilogy LLC is affiliated, in an aggregate principal amount of
 approximately 6.2 million (the New Island Loan ), the proceeds of which were used to cover additional taxes owed by New Island as a result of Trilogy LLC s 2006 election to treat its former subsidiary, ComCEL, as a U.S. partnership for tax
 purposes. In connection with New Island s redemption of Class C Units for Common Shares in 2021, the New Island Loan was forgiven in consideration of New Island s assignment to Trilogy LLC of all distributions and dividends payable to New Island
 with respect to its TIP Inc. shares. This arrangement was treated as an equity transaction with no impact on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. New Island received 2,129,623 Common Shares in connection with the redemption. In the second
 quarter of 2022, the Company declared and paid a cash distribution to shareholders, inclusive of approximately 2.8 million distributed to New Island Cellular. The full amount of the distribution to New Island was subsequently repaid to Trilogy LLC
 and is reflected within Return of capital, net of distribution repaid in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit). The New Island Loan was unsecured at the time of its cancellation and the value of the Common Shares
 at the time of the loan cancellation was less than the outstanding balance of the loan.

Director Independence

Certain of the Directors and executive officers of the Company are officers and Directors of, or are associated with, other public and private companies. Such associations may give rise to conflicts of interest with
 the Company from time to time. The Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) BCBCA requires, among other things, that the Directors and executive officers of the Company act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interest of the
 Company, to disclose any personal interest which they may have in any material contract or transaction which is proposed to be entered into with the Company and, in the case of Directors, to abstain from voting as a director for the approval of any
 such contract or transaction. To the extent that conflicts of interest arise, such conflicts will be resolved in accordance with the provisions of the BCBCA.

Using the definition of Independent Director set forth in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Corporate Governance Requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market (the Governance
 Requirements ), Messrs. Kroloff and Stanton are independent and Mr. Horwitz is not independent . Ms. Gillespie and Messrs. Horn, Mohamed and Saatchu, former Directors who resigned in December 2022, were independent in accordance with the
 applicable standards set forth above. Under the standards for independence for members of the Audit Committee set forth in Rule 5605(c)(2) of the Governance Requirements and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act, Mr. Kroloff is independent 
 and Messrs. Horwitz and Stanton are not independent . Messrs. Horn and Mohamed, who served on the Audit Committee with Mr. Kroloff, until their resignation in December 2022, were independent in accordance with the applicable standards set
 forth above.

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The Company s independent registered public accounting firm is Grant Thornton LLP. The following table sets forth a summary of fees paid to Grant Thornton LLP for services rendered in respect of the last two fiscal
 years:

Amounts in thousands US 

2022

2021

Audit Fees (1) 

1,010

1,985

Audit-Related Fees

-

-

Tax Fees

-

-

All Other Fees (2) 

-

48

Notes:

(1) 

Fees for audit services include fees associated with the annual audit, including the reviews of the Company s quarterly reports, statutory audits required internationally, comfort letters, other assurance procedures, and review of
 documents publicly filed.

(2) 

All other fees consist of fees for services, other than those that meet the criteria above and include fees related to operational audit services.

41 

Table of Contents 

Pre-approved Policies and Procedures

The Audit Committee has adopted requirements regarding pre approval of audit or non audit services as part of its Audit Committee Charter. The Audit Committee Charter provides that the Audit Committee shall have the
 ultimate authority to approve all audit engagement terms and fees, and requires that the Audit Committee must approve in advance any retainer of the auditors to perform any non audit service to the Company (together with all non audit service fees)
 that it deems advisable in accordance with applicable requirements and the Board approved policies and procedures. The Audit Committee will consider the impact of such service and fees on the independence of the auditor. The Audit Committee may
 delegate pre approval authority for non-audit services to a member of the Audit Committee; however, the decisions of any member of the Audit Committee to whom this authority has been delegated must be presented to the full Audit Committee at its
 next scheduled Audit Committee meeting.

Part IV

Item 15.

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules

a) 

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

1. 

Financial Statements

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 248 

F-1

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-2

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

F-3

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-5

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-6

2. 

Financial Statement Schedules

All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto.

3. 

Exhibits

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
 facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or
 on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

42 

Table of Contents 

b) 

Exhibits

1.1

Certificate of Incorporation of Alignvest Acquisition Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 

to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 40-F filed on November 15, 2016 

1.2

Articles of Amendment of Alignvest Acquisition Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.11 

to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 40-F filed on November 15, 2016 

1.3

Articles of Arrangement with attached Plan of Arrangement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 

to the Company s Form 6-K furnished on February 9, 2017 

1.4

Articles of Trilogy International Partners Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 

Form 6-K furnished on February 22, 2017 

4.1

Trilogy International Partners Inc. Senior Executive Severance Policy, amended and restated on March 24, 2021, 

incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Form 20-F filed on March 24, 2020 

4.2

Agreement for Sale and Purchase of Shares in Two Degrees Group Limited, incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form 6-K furnished on January 10, 2022 

8.1

List of Subsidiaries 

11.1

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Form 

6-K furnished on February 9, 2017 

11.2

Audit Committee Charter, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 6-K filed on April 5, 2019 

31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

32.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

32.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Compensatory plan or arrangement.

Filed herewith.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

43 

Table of Contents 

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC. 

Date: March 30, 2023

By: /s/ Erik Mickels 

Title: Senior Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Bradley J. Horwitz 

Director and Chief Executive Officer

March 30, 2023

/s/ Erik Mickels 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

March 30, 2023

/s/ John W. Stanton 

Director

March 30, 2023

/s/ Mark Kroloff 

Director

March 30, 2023

44 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors and Shareholders

Trilogy International Partners Inc.

Opinion on the financial statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Trilogy
 International Partners Inc. (incorporated in British Columbia) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders 
 (deficit) equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash

flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
 based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
 securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
 about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
 of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
 Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
 procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical audit matters

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
 audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit
 matters.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007.

March 30, 2023

F-1 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(US dollars in thousands, except share amounts)

Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash

Accounts receivable, net

Equipment Installment Plan EIP receivables, net

Inventory

Sale proceeds held in escrow 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net

License costs and other intangible assets, net

Goodwill

Long-term EIP receivables

Deferred income taxes

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT)

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Construction accounts payable

Current portion of debt and financing lease liabilities

Customer deposits and unearned revenue

Short-term operating lease liabilities

Other current liabilities and accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt and financing lease liabilities

Deferred income taxes

Non-current operating lease liabilities

Other non-current liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders equity (deficit):

Common shares, par value, and additional paid-in capital; 
 unlimited authorized, and shares issued and outstanding

Accumulated earnings (deficit)

Accumulated other comprehensive income

Total Trilogy International Partners Inc. shareholders equity (deficit)

Noncontrolling interests

Total shareholders equity (deficit)

Total liabilities and shareholders equity (deficit)

On behalf of the Board:

/s/ Mark Kroloff

Mark Kroloff

Director

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements

F-2 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)

(US dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues

Wireless service revenues

Fixed broadband service revenues

Equipment sales

Non-subscriber international long distance and other revenues

Total revenues

Operating expenses

Cost of service, exclusive of depreciation, amortization and accretion shown separately

Cost of equipment sales

Sales and marketing

General and administrative

Depreciation, amortization and accretion

Impairment of long-lived assets

(Gain) on sale of operations and loss (gain) on disposal of assets and sale-leaseback transaction

Total operating expenses

Operating income (loss)

Other (expenses) income

Interest expense

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Debt extinguishment, modification and issuance costs

Other, net

Total other expenses, net

Income (loss) before income taxes

Income tax expense

Net income (loss)

Less: Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

Net income (loss) attributable to Trilogy International Partners Inc.

Comprehensive income (loss)

Net income (loss)

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Foreign currency translation adjustments

Net (loss) gain on short-term investments

Other comprehensive (loss) income

Comprehensive income (loss)

Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Trilogy International Partners Inc.

Net income (loss) attributable to Trilogy International Partners Inc. per share:

Basic (see Note 15 - Earnings per Share)

Diluted (see Note 15 - Earnings per Share)

Weighted average common shares:

Basic

Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements

F-3 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

(US dollars in thousands, except shares)

Accumulated

Common Shares

Additional

Accumulated 

Other

Total

Paid-In

(Deficit)

Comprehensive

Noncontrolling

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Capital

Earnings

Income

Interests

(Deficit) Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2019

Cumulative effect of accounting changes

-

Dividends declared and paid

Equity-based compensation

-

Net loss

-

Other comprehensive income

-

Issuance of shares related to RSUs and other

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Dividends declared and paid

Equity-based compensation

-

Net loss

-

Other comprehensive loss

-

Redemption of Class C Units, issuance of shares related to RSUs and other

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Equity-based compensation

-

Net income

-

Other comprehensive loss

-

Forfeiture of shares

Return of capital, net of distribution repaid

- 

Issuance of shares related to RSUs, change in noncontrolling interests and other

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(US dollars in thousands)

Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating activities:

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by 

operating activities:

Provision for doubtful accounts

Depreciation, amortization and accretion

Equity-based compensation

Impairment of long-lived assets

(Gain) on sale of operations and loss (gain) on disposal of assets

Non-cash right-of-use asset lease expense

Non-cash interest expense and debt derivative instrument charge

Settlement of cash flow hedges

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Debt extinguishment costs

Non-cash (gain) loss from change in fair value on cash flow hedges

(Gain) on forward exchange contracts and unrealized (gain) loss on foreign exchange transactions

Deferred income taxes

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

EIP receivables

Inventory

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Other assets

Accounts payable

Operating lease liabilities

Other current liabilities and accrued expenses

Customer deposits and unearned revenue

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities

Investing activities:

Proceeds from the sale of operations, inclusive of proceeds from forward exchange contract of 
 million, net of cash sold of million

Purchase of property and equipment

Purchase of short-term investments

Maturities and sales of short-term investments

Purchase of spectrum licenses and other additions to license costs

Proceeds from sale-leaseback transaction

Other, net

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

Financing activities:

Payments of debt, including sale-leaseback and EIP receivables financing obligations

Return of capital, net of distribution repaid

Proceeds from debt

Proceeds from EIP receivables financing obligation

Dividends to noncontrolling interests

Debt issuance and modification costs

Other, net

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period

Effect of exchange rate changes

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

reportable segments, New Zealand and Bolivia. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company completed the sales of its operations in New Zealand and Bolivia, which represented substantially all of the operating activities of the
 Company s business. The disposals and comparative historical periods are not presented as discontinued operations since the associated activities represented substantially all of the Company s net productive assets, business activities
 and results of operations. Accordingly, they do not meet the definition of a component of an entity that would qualify for discontinued operations presentation because they are not clearly distinguishable from the rest of the entity.
 Since presentation of discontinued operations is not applicable, the presentation of segment information for New Zealand and Bolivia has been retained.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

million, million and million for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This change had no impact on total revenues or net loss for any period presented.

restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 and 
 million of restricted cash as of December 31, 2021, consisted primarily of cash restricted to offset current installments of debt.

Restricted cash

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. 
 Local interconnection and telecom cooperative receivables due from other wireless service providers represented million
 of Accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2021. Interconnection receivables and payables were reported on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as there was no legal right to
 offset these amounts, consistent with the presentation of related interconnection revenues and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss).

F-7 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022, and, accordingly, 
 allowance for doubtful accounts as of that date. The allowance for doubtful accounts was million as
 of December 31, 2021.

using an EIP. The amounts recorded as EIP receivables at the end of each
 period represented EIP receivables for which invoices were not yet generated for the customer unbilled ). Invoiced EIP receivables were recorded in the Accounts receivable, net balance, consistent with other outstanding customer trade receivables. In New Zealand, upon initiation of a
 subscriber s EIP, 2degrees assessed the credit quality of each EIP applicant. Based on subscribers credit quality, subscribers could have been denied an EIP option or be required to participate in a risk mitigation program which
 included paying a deposit and allowing for automatic payments. In Bolivia, NuevaTel offered installment plans only to subscribers with a low expected delinquency risk based on the Company s credit analysis and the customer s income
 level. All of the Company s EIP customers were required to make a down payment for a handset. The current portion of EIP receivables was included in Equipment installment plan receivables, net and the long-term portion of EIP
 receivables was included in Long-term equipment installment plan receivables in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

inventory as of December 31, 2022.
 Prior to the sale of operations, inventory consisted primarily of wireless devices and accessories. Cost was determined by the first-in, first-out FIFO method
 and the weighted average cost method, which had historically approximated the FIFO method. Subsequent measurement of inventory was determined using the cost and net realizable value test. Net realizable value was determined using the
 estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business. The Company recorded inventory write-downs to net realizable value for obsolete and slow-moving items based on inventory turnover trends and historical experience. 

F-8 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

; (ii) wireless communications systems from to ; and (iii) furniture, equipment, vehicles and software from to . Leasehold improvements were recorded at cost and
 depreciated over the lesser of the term of the lease or the estimated useful life. Costs of additions and major replacements and improvements were capitalized. Repair and maintenance expenditures which did not enhance the asset s
 functionality or extend the asset s useful life were charged to operating expenses as incurred. Construction costs, labor and overhead incurred in the expansion or enhancement of the Company s networks were capitalized. Capitalization
 commenced with pre-construction period administrative and technical activities, which might have included obtaining leases, zoning approvals and building permits, and ceased when the asset was ready for its intended use and placed in
 service. Upon sale or retirement of an asset, the related costs and accumulated depreciation were removed from the balance sheet accounts and any gain or loss was recognized. Assets under construction were not depreciated until placed
 in service.

million, million and million, respectively. 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

to , corresponding to the expiration dates of the
 licenses as issued by the applicable regulators. Licenses, subject to certain conditions, were usually renewable and were generally non-exclusive. However, management generally did not consider renewal periods when determining the
 useful life of a license since there was no certainty that a license would be renewed without significant cost (or at no cost). 

using an accelerated method, which management believed best reflected the estimated pattern in which the economic
 benefits of the assets would be consumed.

million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The impairment was allocated to long-lived assets in
 the following amounts: million to property and equipment, million to operating lease right-of-use assets, million
 to license costs and other intangible assets, and million to other assets. These impairment charges were included in
 Impairment of long-lived assets in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). The pre-tax impairment charge resulted in a million deferred tax asset which was offset by a full valuation allowance, and a million tax benefit as a result of the reduction to the Company s deferred tax liability for NuevaTel s unrepatriated earnings. There were no events or changes in
 circumstances that indicated impairment should be recorded for long-lived assets for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020.

goodwill as of December 31, 2022 .

F-10 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

deferred
 implementation costs. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had net deferred implementation costs of million, which were
 primarily included in Other assets. A portion of the deferred balance related to the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system at 2degrees, which replaced certain of its existing core financial systems.

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively, and was included within General and administrative expenses. Amortization expense for the implementation costs was t
 significant for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

derivative instruments were designated for hedge accounting.

longer outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The amount of the warrant liability was million as of December 31, 2021. Any change in fair value of these warrants due to a change in their price during the reporting period was recorded as Change in fair value
 of warrant liability in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). The fair value of the warrant liability was determined each period by utilizing the number of warrants outstanding and the
 closing trading value of the warrants as of the reporting date. The change in fair value of the warrant liability was insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Additionally, there were immaterial changes in
 the warrant liability during the periods due to changes in the exchange rate between the Canadian dollar (the currency in which the warrants are denominated) and United States dollar. 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

were generally or less. The transaction prices
 allocated to service performance obligations that were not satisfied or were partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period were generally related to our fixed-term plans. For postpaid plans where monthly usage exceeded the
 allowance, the overage usage represented an option held by the customer for incremental services and the usage-based fee was recognized when the customer exercised the option (typically on a month-to-month basis).

F-12 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

were generally or less. The transaction prices allocated to service performance
 obligations that were not satisfied or were partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period were generally related to our fixed-term plans.

F-13 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

million, 
 million and million, respectively.

million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

F-14 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

F-15 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

of the 2degrees shares (including employee options that converted into shares in connection with the sale) represented an equity
 value of billion NZD, subject to adjustments at closing for specific costs or payments by 2degrees between signing
 and closing. The Company s ownership interest in 2degrees was . On March 15, 2022, the Company determined that the
 2degrees business met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. Therefore, the Company ceased recording depreciation and amortization on the applicable and relevant 2degrees non-current tangible and intangible assets on such
 date, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360-10, Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ASC 360-10 ).

F-16 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

interest in 2degrees. For its ownership interest in 2degrees, the Company s share of the total consideration was million NZD (approximately million based
 on the exchange rate on the date the consideration was received), net of million NZD million) of closing adjustments, including transaction advisory fees, along with payments to satisfy the outstanding 2degrees option
 pool. Approximately million NZD of the consideration paid by Voyage Digital for the Company s 2degrees shares is being
 held in escrow as recourse for potential indemnification claims that may arise under the Purchase Agreement. The amount in escrow represents a consideration receivable and is included in Sale proceeds held in escrow within current
 assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as it is currently considered to be probable that the amount will be received in full at the conclusion of the escrow period. The escrowed proceeds are scheduled to be released in May
 2023. The amount of escrow proceeds that will ultimately be received will depend upon whether any indemnification obligations arise under the Purchase Agreement, and the receivable will be monitored for potential impairment over time
 as facts and circumstances evolve. Upon closing of the 2degrees Sale, the Company recognized a net gain of million,
 inclusive of changes in the NZD to USD foreign currency exchange rate between the funding and settlement of sale proceeds, which is included in (Gain) on sale of operations and loss (gain) on disposal of assets in our Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss).

Accounts receivable, net

EIP receivables, net

Inventory

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net

License costs, goodwill and other intangible assets, net

Long-term EIP receivables

Deferred income taxes

Other assets

Total assets

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Construction accounts payable

Current portion of debt and financing lease liabilities

Customer deposits and unearned revenue

Short-term operating lease liabilities

Other current liabilities and accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt and financing lease liabilities

Non-current operating lease liabilities

Other non-current liabilities

Total liabilities

Net assets sold

Net consideration

Less: Net assets sold

Carrying amount of noncontrolling interests

Accumulated other comprehensive loss attributable to TIP Inc.

Gain on sale of 2degrees operation

million, million and million for the years ended December 31,
 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. New Zealand segment income before income taxes attributable to TIP Inc. was 
 million, million and 
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

F-17 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

million in aggregate outstanding indebtedness and accrued interest under its subsidiary s senior secured notes due 2023 and promissory notes
 due 2023, as well as the Company s bridge loans due 2023. As a result of these prepayments, the Company had remaining indebtedness outstanding. See Note 8 Debt for additional information on the prepayments of debt. The remaining amount of
 proceeds was used to fund a shareholder cash distribution made in June 2022 and provide a cash reserve for remaining Company operations. See Note 11 Equity for additional information regarding the cash distribution.

equity interest in NuevaTel (the NuevaTel Transaction ). As of March 28, 2022, the Company also determined that the NuevaTel
 business met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. Therefore, the Company ceased recording depreciation and amortization on the applicable and relevant NuevaTel non-current tangible and intangible assets on such date, in
 accordance with ASC 360-10.

million, which is included in (Gain) on sale of operations and loss (gain) on disposal of assets in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 (Loss).

F-18 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Accounts receivable and EIP receivables, net

Inventory

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net

License costs and other intangible assets, net

Other assets

Total assets

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Construction accounts payable

Current portion of debt and financing lease liabilities

Customer deposits and unearned revenue

Short-term operating lease liabilities

Other current liabilities and accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt and financing lease liabilities

Non-current operating lease liabilities

Other non-current liabilities

Total liabilities

Net liabilities sold

Net consideration

Add: Net liabilities sold

Carrying amount of noncontrolling interests

Gain on sale of NuevaTel operation

million, million
 and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Bolivia segment loss before income
 taxes attributable to TIP Inc. was million, million and million for the years ended December 31,
 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

million of professional service fees were expensed as incurred during the year ended December 31,
 2022. These expenses were included in General and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). transaction costs relating to the 2degrees Sale or the NuevaTel Transaction were incurred during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

F-19 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

million of
 unrecognized equity-based compensation expense was recognized in the second quarter of 2022. Additionally, in connection with the 2degrees Sale, million vested 2degrees service-based share options, which were outstanding prior to the 2degrees Sale, were deemed exercised with resulting shares of 2degrees acquired by
 Voyage Digital as part of the purchase of all outstanding equity of 2degrees. The exercise of options and acquisition of resulting shares of 2degrees were executed in accordance with the existing terms of the 2degrees option plans.
 The Company also recorded million in severance benefits in 2022 within General and administrative expenses. Accrued
 severance costs were million as of December 31, 2022 and represent the amount expected to be paid in 2023.

Wireless communication systems

Furniture, equipment, vehicles and software

Construction in progress

Less: accumulated depreciation

Property and equipment, net

million, million and 
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

million as of December 31, 2021 . There were advances to equipment vendors as of December 31, 2022 .

million and removed previously recorded accumulated depreciation against the related asset cost balance for the impaired asset categories. See Note 1 
 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information.

network towers. Three closings for a total of towers were completed in 2019 for aggregate cash consideration of million. In
 July 2020, NuevaTel completed the fourth and final closing of towers for additional cash consideration of million. In total, 
 towers were sold for total cash consideration of million. The million of proceeds received during the year ended December 31, 2020 were recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows as Proceeds from sale-leaseback
 transaction within investing activities. In addition, a gain of million was recognized in Loss (gain) on disposal of
 assets and sale-leaseback transaction for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company had million of financing
 obligations outstanding as of December 31, 2021, as certain towers included in the transaction did not meet the criteria for sale-leaseback accounting due to continuing involvement by NuevaTel. In connection with the adoption of ASU
 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842) (the new lease standard ), these unrecognized sale-leaseback transactions were reassessed, and certain towers qualified for sale-leaseback accounting under the new lease standard. The amounts related to the
 towers that qualified for sale-leaseback accounting were removed from the tower financing obligations and recognized as a sale-leaseback as of January 1, 2020.

F-20 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

million for the towers that qualified as a
 sale-leaseback, of which million were capital leases and the remaining were operating leases based on a lease-by-lease
 accounting evaluation. In connection with the adoption of the new lease standard, the deferred gain was recognized to Accumulated deficit and Noncontrolling interests as of January 1, 2020. See Note 1 Description of Business, Basis of
 Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further information on the impact of the adoption of the new lease standard. 

Revisions in estimated cash flows

Additional accruals

Foreign currency translation

Accretion

Disposals 

Sale of operations 

Ending balance

revisions in estimated cash flows. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the revisions in estimated cash flows
 resulted in a net decrease in the ARO liability and corresponding assets, net of accumulated depreciation of million. 

million as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively.

t acquire property and equipment using current and
 long-term debt during the year ended December 31, 2022. T he Company acquired million and million of property and equipment through current and long-term debt during the years ended 2021 and 2020, respectively.

million, million and million for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Foreign currency adjustment

Sale of operations 

Balance at the end of the year

F-21 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

accumulated goodwill impairments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

license costs and other intangible assets balances remaining as of December 31, 2022 due to the sale of operations in New Zealand and Bolivia in May 2022. The Company s license costs and other intangible assets as of December 31, 2021
 consisted of the following:

- 

Subscriber relationships

Other

- 

Total

million, million and million for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

million and removed previously recorded accumulated amortization
 against the related asset cost balance for the impaired asset categories. See Note 1 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information.

using an EIP. In Bolivia, NuevaTel offered certain wireless subscribers the option to pay for their handsets
 in installments over a period of using an EIP.

unbilled EIP receivables as of December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes the unbilled EIP receivables as of December 31, 2021:

Unamortized imputed discount

EIP receivables, net of unamortized imputed discount

Allowance for doubtful accounts

EIP receivables, net

Long-term EIP receivables

EIP receivables, net

million related to 2degrees and the remaining amount related to NuevaTel.

F-22 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Subprime

Total EIP receivables, gross

as of December 31, 2021.

Additions

Billings and payments

Sales of EIP receivables

Foreign currency translation

Change in allowance for doubtful accounts and imputed discount

Sale of operations 

Total EIP receivables, net

F-23 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Cash proceeds

Reversal of unamortized imputed discount

Reversal of allowance for doubtful accounts

Pre-tax gain on sales of EIP receivables

outstanding balance of
 EIP receivable borrowings or related pledge of EIP receivables through this arrangement as of December 31, 2022. The outstanding balance of the current and long-term portion of unbilled EIP receivables pledged through this arrangement
 was million and 
 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The current portion of these EIP receivables was included in EIP receivables, net and the long-term portion in Long-term EIP receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These EIP
 receivables served as collateral for the outstanding financing obligation of million as of December 31, 2021 related
 to this secured borrowing arrangement with the EIP Purchaser in Current portion of long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Value-added tax and other business taxes

Dealer commissions and subsidies

Income and withholding taxes

Handset purchases

Other

Other current liabilities and accrued expenses

F-24 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022. The following table presents liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022:

Total liabilities

Total assets 

Liabilities:

Forward exchange contracts

Warrant liability

Interest rate swaps

Options instruments classified as liability

Total liabilities

transfers between levels within the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

F-25 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Fair value

outstanding long-term debt and other debt as of December 31, 2022. The Company s long-term and other debt as of December 31, 2021 consisted of the following:

Notes

TISP Notes

New Zealand 2023 Senior Facilities Agreement 

New Zealand EIP Receivables Financing Obligation

Bolivian Bond Debt

Bolivian 2023 Bank Loan

Bolivian Tower Transaction Financing Obligation

Bolivian 2022 Bank Loan

Other

Less: deferred financing costs

Less: unamortized discount

Total debt and financing lease liabilities

Less: current portion of debt and financing lease liabilities

Total long-term debt and financing lease liabilities

of its principal shareholders for an aggregate commitment of up to million (the Bridge Loans ). In the first quarter of 2022, million was borrowed by the Company under the terms of the Bridge Loans. The Bridge Loans were unsecured and accrued interest at the rate of per annum, payable on May 16, 2022, November 15, 2022, and the maturity date, provided that the Company could elect not to pay
 interest on any of such dates prior to the maturity date, in which case accrued but unpaid interest would be added to the outstanding principal amount of the Bridge Loans. The Bridge Loans became due upon the closing of the
 2degrees Sale and were repaid during the second quarter of 2022.

Notes: 

million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes of Trilogy LLC and Trilogy International Finance Inc. (the Trilogy LLC 2022 Notes to exchange any and all of the Trilogy LLC 2022
 Notes for newly issued senior secured notes due 2023 of the Issuers (the TISP Notes ). The Exchange Offer closed on June 7, 2021 and at such time eligible holders who validly tendered their Trilogy LLC
 2022 Notes in the Exchange Offer prior to the Early Tender Date received in principal amount of TISP Notes per 
 principal amount of Trilogy LLC 2022 Notes that were tendered. Pursuant to the Exchange Offer, million of the
 Trilogy LLC 2022 Notes were exchanged for an aggregate total principal of million of TISP Notes.

F-26 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Notes (as defined below) acquired an additional aggregate principal amount of million TISP 
 Notes. The Backstop Holders received in principal amount of TISP Notes per of the purchase price
 paid for such notes. The proceeds of such purchase were used to redeem all of the remaining outstanding Trilogy LLC 2022 Notes that were not tendered in the Exchange Offer. In addition, the Backstop Holders were paid million in backstop fees.

Notes bore interest at a rate of per annum. Interest on the TISP Notes was payable in
 arrears on May 15 and November 15. No principal payments were due until maturity on . TISP had the option
 of redeeming the TISP Notes, in whole or in part, upon not less than and not more than prior
 notice at .

Notes, if a 2degrees Liquidity Event (as defined below) was not consummated prior to December 31, 2021 or the TISP Notes were not otherwise repaid in full by that date, TISP was required to issue additional TISP Notes to each holder thereof in an aggregate principal amount equal to percent of the TISP Notes held by each such holder at such time, which would result in a total increase in principal amount of up to million (a Principal Increase Event ). As of December 31, 2021, a 2degrees Liquidity Event had not been consummated and the
 TISP Notes had not been repaid and, accordingly, the principal balance of the TISP Notes was increased by percent or million. 

Note indenture, a 2degrees Liquidity Event was any of the following: 2degrees equity being publicly traded or listed on a national securities exchange, any sale by the Company of any of its equity interest in 2degrees, or the
 sale of all or substantially all of the assets of 2degrees, provided that following such transaction, the net cash proceeds received by Trilogy LLC or its subsidiaries exceeded million NZD.

Notes. This prepayment was analyzed and accounted for in accordance with the
 applicable accounting guidance for evaluating modifications, extinguishments and new issuances of debt. Accordingly, the Company recorded a debt extinguishment cost in the second quarter of 2022 which was comprised of million of remaining unamortized discounts and deferred financing costs related to the TISP Notes which were written off with the prepayment.

Notes:

million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2022 (the TISP Notes pursuant to an agreement
 the terms of which were subsequently amended in June 2021 (as amended, the Note Purchase Agreement ). The TISP 
 Notes bore interest at a rate of and, as subsequently amended, matured on . The TISP 
 Notes were issued at a discount. Interest on the TISP Notes was payable in
 arrears on May 15 and November 15. No principal payments were due until maturity on May 15, 2023. TISP had the option of prepaying the TISP Notes, in whole or in part, upon three ) business days prior notice at of the principal amount.

Notes were million, net of issuance discount and consent fees paid with
 respect to certain amendments to the Trilogy LLC 2022 Notes that holders of those notes approved in order to permit the issuance of the TISP Notes. The proceeds of the TISP Notes were used for the payment of
 interest due under the TISP Notes and interest due under the TISP Notes. 

Notes were generally consistent with the terms applicable to the TISP Notes, including those described in the
 summary of the TISP Notes above as to use of proceeds of any sale of NuevaTel or a 2degrees Liquidity Event,
 except that the terms of the TISP Notes relating to a Principal Increase Event did not apply to the TISP Notes.

Notes until May 15,
 2023, to permit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Offer, to conform the terms and conditions of the Note Purchase Agreement to be consistent with the indenture governing the TISP Notes and to remove a requirement that the consideration payable arising from a sale of NuevaTel be at least million.

F-27 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

of the aggregate principal amount of TISP Notes consented to the amendments to the TISP Notes and in exchange received an increase in their principal amount equal to per principal amount of TISP Notes, resulting in an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the TISP Notes of million to million.

Notes and the TISP 
 Notes, and the collateral agents for each of the TISP Notes and the TISP Notes, entered into a first lien intercreditor agreement that provided, among other things, that liens on the collateral
 securing both the TISP Notes and the TISP Notes were pari passu and that all distributions in respect of such collateral would be made first, to the holders of the TISP Notes, and second, ratably among the holders of the TISP Notes and any other permitted first lien indebtedness.

Notes. This prepayment was analyzed and accounted for in accordance with the applicable
 accounting guidance for evaluating modifications, extinguishments and new issuances of debt. Accordingly, the Company recorded a debt extinguishment cost in the second quarter of 2022 which was comprised of million of remaining unamortized discounts and deferred financing costs related to the TISP Notes which were written off with the prepayment.

million NZD. 

million NZD senior facilities agreement and pay fees and expenses associated with the refinancing million NZD), (ii) provide funds for further investments in 2degrees business million NZD), and (iii) fund 2degrees working capital requirements million NZD). As a result of the Company s sale of 
 of its equity interest in 2degrees, the Company had outstanding debt related to this facility as of December
 31, 2022. The New Zealand 2023 Senior Facilities Agreement was recorded in Long-term debt and financing lease liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021.

to (the Margin depending upon 2degrees net leverage ratio at that time.

of the applicable Margin was payable quarterly on all undrawn and available commitments.

million NZD, which
 the EIP Purchaser could use to acquire EIP receivables from 2degrees. As a result of the closing of the 2degrees Sale, the Company had outstanding amount under this arrangement as of December 31, 2022. 

F-28 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

. Additionally, a line fee of 
 was payable by the EIP Purchaser annually on the total available commitment under the arrangement, which the EIP Purchaser paid from proceeds that it received from 2degrees.

million during an initial 
 open subscription process with certain Bolivian banks including BNB Valores S.A. and other financial institutions (the Bolivian Bond Debt ). NuevaTel had raised million through this issuance process.

series of indebtedness. Series A was fully subscribed and bore interest at the rate of per annum. Series B had an
 outstanding principal balance of million as of December 31, 2021 and bore interest at the rate of per annum.

outstanding debt related to this
 facility as of December 31, 2022.

million debt facility (the Bolivian 2023 Bank Loan with Banco Nacional de Bolivia S.A. to fund capital expenditures. The Bolivian 2023 Bank Loan was required to be repaid in installments which commenced in September 2019, with of the principal amount to be repaid during the first year and of the principal amount to be repaid during each of the final four years. Interest on the Bolivian 2023 Bank Loan accrued at a fixed rate of for the first 24 months and thereafter at a variable rate of plus the rate established by the Central Bank in Bolivia, Tasa de Referencia, and was payable quarterly. 

of its equity interest in NuevaTel in the second quarter of 2022, the Company had outstanding debt related to
 this facility as of December 31, 2022.

network towers. As of December 31, 2019, NuevaTel had completed the sale of towers. In July 2020, NuevaTel completed the fourth and final closing of network towers under this agreement. For further information, see Note 3 Property and Equipment.

million for these site lease locations and measured the related ROU assets and lease liabilities
 in accordance with the transition guidance. For further information on the impact of the adoption of the new lease standard, see Note 1 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies.

of its equity interest in NuevaTel in the second quarter of 2022, the Company
 had outstanding debt related to this facility as of December 31, 2022.

million debt facility (the Bolivian 2022 Bank Loan with Banco BISA S.A., a Bolivian bank, to fund capital expenditures. The Bolivian 2022 Bank Loan was required to be repaid in installments which commenced in 2019, with of the principal amount to be repaid each year. Interest on the Bolivian 2022 Bank Loan accrued at a fixed rate of and was payable quarterly.

of its equity interest in NuevaTel in the second quarter of 2022, the Company had outstanding debt related to
 this facility as of December 31, 2022.

million, 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-29 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

balance of deferred financing costs as of December 31, 2022. The balance of deferred financing costs was million as of December 31, 2021. These costs were amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the related
 credit facilities. Amortization of deferred financing costs was included in interest expense and totaled million,
 million and 
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

million NZD matured. There were interest rate swap balances remaining as of December 31, 2022 .

Net cash settlement

million NZD and buy an aggregate of million USD on June 30, 2023. These contracts were entered into in order to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in the NZD to USD exchange rate for substantially all
 of the proceeds from the 2degrees Sale held in escrow. These derivative instruments were not designated for hedge accounting, thus changes in the fair value are recognized in earnings in the period incurred. The foreign exchange
 gains or losses relating to these forward exchange contracts were recognized in Other, net and were not material for the year ended December 31, 2022. The estimated settlements under these forward exchange contracts were not
 material as of December 31, 2022. 

at May 31, 2022 and at the June 30, 2022 long-stop date for million
 USD million NZD), which approximated the amount of the USD denominated debt related obligations of TISP that
 were paid upon the closing of the 2degrees Sale. A gain of million was recognized in Other, net during the year
 ended December 31, 2022, which reflected the differential between the contract price and the foreign exchange rate as of the settlement date under this forward exchange contract. The forward exchange contract was settled in May
 2022 in connection with the 2degrees Sale and the related cash proceeds were included in investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 

forward exchange contract balances remaining as of
 December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, short-term forward exchange contracts to sell an aggregate of 
 million NZD and buy an aggregate of million USD matured. These derivative instruments were not designated for
 hedge accounting, thus changes in the fair value were recognized in earnings in the period incurred. The foreign exchange gains or losses recognized in Other, net for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 relating to
 the 2degrees forward exchange contracts were not material. The estimated settlements under these forward exchange contracts were not material as of December 31, 2021. 

F-30 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

service period or at the end of a period, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting dates.

period, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting dates.

million of
 unrecognized equity-based compensation expense was recognized in the second quarter of 2022. 

Vested

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

million and million based on a price per Common
 Share of and 
 on the dates of the grants in 2021 and 2020, respectively.

, and time-based RSU awards vested, respectively. As a result of such vesting, , and shares, net of the number of shares necessary to pay related taxes, were issued in those years, respectively. In 2022, 2021
 and 2020, , 
 and performance-based RSU awards vested in those years, respectively, and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and shares, net of the number of shares necessary to pay related taxes, were issued in those years, respectively, as a result of
 such vested RSUs. 

million, million and million in compensation expense related to RSUs in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of
 Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), respectively.

Class C Units to an employee of the Company (the Restricted Class C Units ). The value of the Restricted Class C Units was estimated to be million based on the fair value on the grant date. The Restricted Class C Units vested over , with one-fourth 
 of the award vesting on the day following each anniversary date of the award based on the employee s continued service.

million in compensation expense related to the Restricted Class C Units recognized in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). As of December 31, 2020, the
 Company had recognized all of the compensation costs related to this award and there were remaining unvested Class
 C Units.

F-31 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

. The Options enabled the holders to acquire non-voting
 ordinary shares of 2degrees common stock once exercised. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had Options outstanding
 with a weighted average exercise price of per Option. The exercise price of certain Options was
 denominated in NZD and was translated into USD at the exchange rate on the grant date of the related Options, which exceeded the weighted-average exercise price calculated based upon the exchange rate on the date of exercise used
 to determine the intrinsic value of Options exercised in 2022 as described below . In connection with the closing of the 2degrees Sale, all 
 Options were deemed exercised and accordingly there were Options outstanding as of December 31, 2022.

Options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The total intrinsic value of Options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. The total intrinsic value of Options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was not significant.

million of its outstanding Options that were held by employees and former employees by extending the expiration date of those Options to May 31, 2023. The Options
 previously had expiration dates ranging from 2020 to 2023. No other terms of the Options were modified and all of the options were fully vested at the modification date. As a result of this modification, 2degrees recognized
 approximately million of additional equity-based compensation expense, included within General and administrative
 expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, in accordance with the guidance for modifications of equity awards within Accounting Standards Codification 718 Stock Compensation ASC 718 ).

million of the total modified Options that were held by former employees were deemed to represent a liability for accounting purposes because the exercise prices were
 not denominated in the functional currency of the Option issuer. At the modification date, the Company remeasured this portion of the awards at fair value and reclassified amounts previously classified as equity to liability in
 the amount of million and recognized incremental expense of million recorded to Other, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. These Options were remeasured to reflect the fair value at the end of each
 reporting period until the Options were exercised or expired.

million, million and 
 million were recognized in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

classes of shares, Common Shares and a special voting share (the Special Voting Share described below. The Special Voting Share was surrendered in connection with the
 redemption of all Class C Units in October 2021 .

Common Shares outstanding, which reflects the issuance of Common Shares in connection with the vesting of RSUs, the issuance of Common Shares in connection with the settlement of DSUs during the year ended December 31, 2022, the forfeiture of Forfeitable Founders Shares (as defined below) and the cancellation of Common Shares related to fractional share interests in connection with the termination of the dividend reinvestment plan in 2022. Holders of Common
 Shares are entitled to held on matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. Holders of
 Common Shares voted together as a single class with the Special Voting Share, while the Special Voting Share was outstanding, except as provided in the Business Corporation Act (British
 Columbia), by law or by stock exchange rules.

economic ownership interest in Trilogy LLC through its wholly owned subsidiary, Trilogy International Partners Intermediate Holdings Inc. Trilogy Intermediate
 Holdings ).

F-32 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

million (the New Island Loan ), the proceeds of which were used to cover additional taxes
 owed by New Island as a result of Trilogy LLC s 2006 election to treat its former subsidiary, ComCEL, as a U.S. partnership for tax purposes. In connection with New Island s redemption of Class C Units for Common Shares in 2021,
 the New Island Loan was forgiven in consideration of New Island s assignment to Trilogy LLC of all distributions and dividends payable to New Island with respect to its TIP Inc. shares. This arrangement was treated as an equity
 transaction with no impact on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. New Island received Common Shares
 in connection with the redemption. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company declared and paid a cash distribution to shareholders, as further discussed below, inclusive of approximately million distributed to New Island Cellular. The full amount of the distribution to New Island was subsequently repaid to Trilogy LLC and is reflected
 within Return of capital, net of distribution repaid in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit). The New Island Loan was unsecured at the time of its cancellation and the value of the Common Shares
 at the time of the loan cancellation was less than the outstanding balance of the loan.

outstanding forfeitable founders shares Forfeitable
 Founders Shares ), as all were forfeited on February 7, 2022 pursuant to the terms of contractual arrangements.

warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2021, all of which expired unexercised on February 7, 2022. Accordingly, as of
 December 31, 2022, there were warrants outstanding.

million, or approximately per share (declared as a C million distribution), representing a return of capital distribution pursuant to a plan of liquidation adopted by the Board. This distribution followed the
 closing of the 2degrees Sale on May 19, 2022 and represents the initial and primary distribution of the net cash proceeds of the sale. See Note 2 Sale of Operations. The distribution is inclusive of the million paid to New Island Cellular as discussed above, which was contributed back to TIP Inc. in the second quarter of 2022. There
 were other distributions or dividend payments made in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020.

classes of units; however, as of December 31, 2022, only Class B Units (as defined below) were outstanding.

F-33 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Class B Units outstanding.

. In 2021, all Class C Units were redeemed and accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, there were Class C Units outstanding and the Special Voting Share ceased to be outstanding.

Other comprehensive loss 

Unrealized net loss related to short-term investments

Net current period other comprehensive loss 

December 31, 2021 

Other comprehensive loss

Net current period other comprehensive loss

December 31, 2022 

F-34 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

noncontrolling interests as of December 31, 2022. The noncontrolling interests as of December 31, 2021 are summarized as follows:

NuevaTel

Salamanca Solutions International LLC

Noncontrolling interests

dividends paid to noncontrolling interests during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, 2degrees declared and paid dividends to noncontrolling interests of million and 
 million, respectively. There were dividends declared by NuevaTel during the year ended December 31, 2021. During
 the year ended December 31, 2020, NuevaTel declared and paid dividends to a noncontrolling interest of million.
 The dividends were recorded as a financing activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

reportable segments based on geographic region: New Zealand and Bolivia. We disaggregated revenue
 into categories to depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows were affected by economic factors, including the type of product offering provided, the type of customer and the expected timing
 of payment for goods and services. See Note 19 Segment Information for additional information on revenue by segment.

Prepaid wireless service revenues

Fixed broadband service revenues (1) 

Equipment sales

Other wireless service and other revenues (1) 

Total revenues

Prepaid wireless service revenues

Fixed broadband service revenues (1) 

Equipment sales

Other wireless service and other revenues (1) 

Total revenues

F-35 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Prepaid wireless service revenues

Fixed broadband service revenues (1) 

Equipment sales

Other wireless service and other revenues (1) 

Total revenues

impairment charges related to contract
 assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the impairment charges related to contract assets were insignificant.

Increase resulting from new contracts

Contract assets reclassified to a receivable or collected in cash

Foreign currency translation

Sale of operations 

Balance at December 31 

F-36 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Net increase in deferred revenue

Revenue recognized related to the balance existing at January 1

Foreign currency translation

Sale of operations 

Balance at December 31 

to years. Further, we elected to apply the practical expedient available
 under Topic 606 that permitted us to expense incremental costs immediately for costs with an estimated amortization period of less than . Contract costs balances were presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets .

impairment losses recognized on capitalized contract costs for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31,
 2021, we recognized million of impairment charges related to contract costs in connection with disconnections of
 prepaid subscribers in Bolivia. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized million of impairment charges
 related to contract costs in connection with disconnections of postpaid and prepaid subscribers in Bolivia. 

Incremental costs of obtaining and contract fulfillment costs

Amortization and impairment included in operating costs

Foreign currency translation

Sale of operations 

Balance at December 31 

F-37 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

warrants
 outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and the impact of the change in fair value of the warrant liability was insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were Class C Units outstanding. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Class C Units were anti-dilutive. The insignificant
 gain or loss from the warrant liability, when considered along with other TIP Inc. expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, resulted in a reduced net income or increased net loss attributable to TIP Inc. along with
 the resulting basic income (loss) per share and, therefore, resulted in the Class C Units being antidilutive when included on a weighted average basis as if redeemed.

Denominator:

Basic weighted average Common Shares outstanding

Net income (loss) per share:

Basic

Diluted EPS:

Numerator:

Net income (loss) attributable to TIP Inc.

Denominator:

Basic weighted average Common Shares outstanding

Effect of dilutive securities:

Unvested weighted average RSUs

Diluted weighted average Common Shares outstanding

Net income (loss) per share:

Diluted

F-38 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

amounts are shown for the year ended December 31, 2022 for warrants and Forfeitable Founders Shares as those were cancelled in the first quarter of 2022: 

Warrants

Forfeitable Founders Shares

Unvested RSUs

Unvested Class C Units

Weighted average Common Shares excluded from calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share

Sales and marketing

General and administrative 

Financing lease cost:

Amortization of ROU assets

Depreciation, amortization and accretion

Interest on lease liabilities

Interest expense

Total net lease cost

million, million and 
 million, respectively. Variable costs were immaterial for the periods presented. 

F-39 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Financing

Property and equipment, net 

Total lease assets

Liabilities

Current liabilities

Operating

Short-term operating lease liabilities 

Financing

Current portion of debt and financing lease liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Operating

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Financing

Long-term debt and financing lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

million. See Note 1 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information.

Operating cash flows for finance leases

Financing cash flows for finance leases

Supplemental lease cash flow disclosures

Operating lease ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities

lease with total expected rent payments over the lease term, including rent increases, of approximately million NZD million based on the
 exchange rate at December 31, 2021).

data center lease with total expected rent payments over the lease term, including contractual rent increases, of approximately million NZD 
 million based on the exchange rate at December 31, 2021). 2degrees gained physical access to the building in July 2021 and recognized the related ROU asset and lease liability at commencement in the third quarter of 2021.

F-40 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Finance leases

Weighted-average discount rate

Operating leases

Finance leases

remaining outstanding commitments as of December 31, 2022.

United States

Foreign

Income (loss) before income taxes

F-41 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

United States

Foreign

Deferred:

Canada

United States

Foreign

Total income tax expense 

and , respectively. The Company has historically incurred taxable losses which have resulted in Net Operating Loss NOL carryforwards that may be used by the Company to
 offset future income taxable in the U.S. and Canada. 2degrees and NuevaTel, both of which were sold in the second quarter of 2022, file income tax returns in their respective countries. The statutory tax rates for 2degrees and
 NuevaTel for the year ended December 31, 2022 are and , respectively.

Earnings attributable to non-tax paying entities

Foreign rate differential

Change in valuation allowance

Effect of redemption of all outstanding Class C Units

Recognition of outside basis difference

Foreign withholding tax incurred

Withholding taxes on unrepatriated foreign earnings

Inflation adjustment

Permanent adjustments

Other - net

Total

F-42 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Fixed assets

Bad debt allowance

NOL, foreign tax credit and capital loss carryforwards

Accrued liabilities

Excess business interest expense

Equity-based compensation

Tower sale financing obligation

Operating lease liability

Other

Subtotal

Less: valuation allowance

Total net deferred tax assets

Contract asset

Right-of-use asset

Withholding taxes on unrepatriated foreign earnings

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax asset

Classified on the balance sheet as:

Deferred tax asset

Deferred tax liability

million and million in the U.S. and
 Canada, respectively, and a U.S. capital loss carryforward of million. The U.S. NOL carryforwards generated
 prior to December 31, 2017 carry forward for a period of while the U.S. NOL carryforwards generated after
 December 31, 2017 carry forward . The Canadian NOL carries forward for a period of . The U.S. capital loss carries forward for a period of . The future utilization of certain of these loss carryforwards is contingent upon shareholder continuity and other requirements being met. 

million, of which million relates to NOL,
 capital loss, and foreign tax credit carryforwards for TIP Inc. and its U.S. corporate subsidiaries. The change from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily related to the removal of the valuation allowance against the
 NuevaTel deferred tax assets as a result of the NuevaTel Transaction offset by an increase to the valuation allowance against the U.S. NOL carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards which are not expected to give rise to a tax
 benefit. The amount of the Company s deferred tax assets considered realizable could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward periods are increased.

F-43 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

reportable segments, New Zealand and Bolivia. However, as a result of the 2degrees Sale and NuevaTel Transaction, as of December 31, 2022, the Company no longer held ownership interests in the business that historically
 comprised the New Zealand and Bolivia segments. See Note 2 Sale of Operations for additional information regarding the 2degrees Sale and NuevaTel Transaction. Since presentation of discontinued operations is not applicable, as
 discussed therein, the presentation of segment information for New Zealand and Bolivia has been retained.

Bolivia

Unallocated Corporate Eliminations

Total revenues

Segment Adjusted EBITDA

New Zealand

Bolivia

Equity-based compensation

Transaction and other nonrecurring costs

Depreciation, amortization and accretion

Impairment of long-lived assets

Gain on sale of operations and (loss) gain on disposal of assets and sale-leaseback transaction

Interest expense

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Debt extinguishment, modification and issuance costs

Other, net

Unallocated Corporate Eliminations

Income (loss) before income taxes

F-44 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Bolivia

Unallocated Corporate Eliminations

Total depreciation, amortization and accretion

Capital expenditures

New Zealand

Bolivia

Unallocated Corporate Eliminations

Total capital expenditures

Bolivia

Unallocated Corporate Eliminations

Total assets

Fixed broadband service revenues (1) 

Equipment sales

Non-subscriber ILD and other revenues

Total revenues

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Wireless service revenues (1) 

Fixed broadband service revenues (1) 

Equipment sales

Non-subscriber ILD and other revenues

Total revenues

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Wireless service revenues (1) 

Fixed broadband service revenues (1) 

Equipment sales

Non-subscriber ILD and other revenues

Total revenues

F-45 

Table of Contents 

TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(US dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted)

Notes were purchased by certain beneficial owners of the Trilogy LLC 2022 Notes. The purchasers of the TISP 
 Notes included SG Enterprises II, LLC, which purchased million of TISP Notes. SG Enterprises II, LLC is a Washington limited liability company owned by John W. Stanton and Theresa E. Gillespie. John W. Stanton is the
 Chairman of the Board of TIP Inc. and Theresa E. Gillespie is a former Director of TIP Inc. As stated above, upon the closing of the 2degrees Sale, the TISP Notes were prepaid with a portion of the proceeds from the 2degrees Sale. In order to fund its operations, pending the closing of the 2degrees Sale, in January 2022, the Company entered
 into the Bridge Loans with three of its principal shareholders for an aggregate commitment of up to million. In
 the first quarter of 2022, million was received by the Company under the terms of the Bridge Loans. The Bridge
 Loans were repaid during the second quarter of 2022. 

former Trilogy LLC executives. Pursuant to the Agreement, Trilogy LLC transferred
 to SHC of Trilogy LLC s interest in its wholly owned subsidiary, Salamanca Solutions International LLC SSI ), in
 exchange for Class C Units held by the individuals. In April 2022, the Company surrendered its 
 ownership interest in SSI to SHC and cancelled an thousand promissory note that SSI had issued to the Company in
 January 2022. SSI owns billing and customer relations management intellectual property, and associated software support and development services that it had licensed to NuevaTel. Following the Company s surrender of its SSI
 ownership interest and cancellation of the promissory note, and in connection with the anticipated closing of the NuevaTel Transaction, Balesia acquired of SHC.

million, the proceeds of which were used to cover additional taxes owed by New Island as a result
 of Trilogy LLC s 2006 election to treat its former subsidiary, ComCEL, as a U.S. partnership for tax purposes.In connection with New Island s redemption of Class C Units for Common Shares in 2021, the New Island Loan was
 forgiven in consideration of New Island s assignment to Trilogy LLC of all distributions and dividends payable to New Island with respect to its TIP Inc. shares. This arrangement was treated as an equity transaction with no
 impact on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. New Island received Common Shares in connection with
 the redemption. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company declared and paid a cash distribution to shareholders, inclusive of approximately million distributed to New Island Cellular. The full amount of the distribution to New Island was subsequently repaid to Trilogy LLC and is reflected within Return of capital, net of
 distribution repaid in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit). The New Island Loan was unsecured at the time of its cancellation and the value of the Common Shares at the time of the loan
 cancellation was less than the outstanding balance of the loan. 

F-46 

<EX-8.1>
 2
 brhc10050203_ex8-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 8.1

Exhibit 8.1

Country of Legal Entity Domiciled 

Trilogy International Partners Intermediate Holdings Inc.

United States

Trilogy International Partners LLC

United States

Trilogy International Latin Territories LLC

United States

Trilogy International South Pacific Holdings LLC

United States

Trilogy International South Pacific LLC

United States

Trilogy International New Zealand LLC

United States

Western Wireless International Ivory Coast LLC

United States

Trilogy International Latin America I LLC

United States

Trilogy International Latin America II LLC

United States

Trilogy International Latin America III LLC

United States

Trilogy International Partners Inc.

Canada

Cora de Comstar S.A.

Republic of Ivory Coast Corporation

</EX-8.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10050203_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to

 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Bradley J. Horwitz, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Trilogy International Partners Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
 reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 30, 2023

Signature: /s/ Bradley J. Horwitz 

Bradley J. Horwitz 

President and Chief Executive Officer

2

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10050203_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to

 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Erik Mickels, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Trilogy International Partners Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
 reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 30, 2023

Signature: /s/ Erik Mickels 

Erik Mickels 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

2 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10050203_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Bradley J. Horwitz, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Trilogy International Partners Inc., (the
 Registrant ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Registrant fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.

Date: March 30, 2023

Signature: /s/ Bradley J. Horwitz 

Bradley J. Horwitz 

President and Chief Executive Officer

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Registrant for
 purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 brhc10050203_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Erik Mickels, the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Trilogy International Partners Inc.,
 (the Registrant ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Registrant fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.

Date: March 30, 2023

Signature: /s/ Erik Mickels 

 Erik Mickels 

 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Registrant for
 purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tllyf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tllyf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tllyf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tllyf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tllyf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

