<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230209_10-K_edgar_data_860748_0000860748-23-000056.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>35614907</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>901061</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4332567</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14373590</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8051006</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7262561</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000860748-23-000056.hdr.sgml : 20230209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230209160404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000860748-23-000056
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		199
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KEMPER Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000860748
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				954255452
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-18298
		FILM NUMBER:		23606152

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E. RANDOLPH ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3300
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3126614600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E. RANDOLPH ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3300
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITRIN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000860748-23-000056.txt : 20230209

10-K
 1
 kmpr-20221231.htm
 10-K

kmpr-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. Solely for purposes of this calculation, all executive officers and directors of the registrant are considered affiliates. 
 
 Registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of February 7, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 
 Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 1 
 Part I Item 1. Business 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 25 
 Item 2. Properties 25 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 25 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 25 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 28 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 65 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 67 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 143 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 143 
 Item 9B. Other Information 144 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 145 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 145 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 145 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 146 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 146 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 147 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 147 
 Exhibit Index 148 
 Power of Attorney 153 
 Signatures 153 
 Financial Statement Schedules: Schedule 1 - Investments Other than Investments in Related Parties SCH I- 1 
 Schedule 2 - Parent Company Financial Statements SCH II- 2 
 Schedule 3 - Supplementary Insurance Information SCH III- 1 
 Schedule 4 - Reinsurance Schedule SCH IV- 1 

Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K (the 2022 Annual Report ), including, but not limited to, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Kemper Corporation Kemper or the Registrant and its subsidiaries (individually and collectively referred to herein as the Company and the notes thereto appearing in Item 8 herein (the Consolidated Financial Statements ), the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations appearing in Item 7 herein (the MD A and the other Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules filed as a part hereof or incorporated by reference herein, may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based on forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 Forward-looking statements give expectations or forecasts of future events. The reader can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as believe(s), goal(s), target(s), 
 estimate(s), anticipate(s), forecast(s), project(s), plan(s), intend(s), expect(s), might, may, could and other terms of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements, in particular, include statements relating to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, trends in operations and financial results. 
 Any or all forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong, and, accordingly, Kemper cautions readers not to place undue reliance on such statements. Kemper bases these statements on current expectations and the current economic environment as of the date of this 2022 Annual Report. They involve a number of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties that may be important in determining the Company s actual future results and financial condition. 
 In addition to the factors discussed below under Item 1A., Risk Factors, in this 2022 Annual Report, the reader should consider the following list of factors that, among others, could cause the Company s actual results and financial condition to differ materially from estimated results and financial condition. 
 Factors related to the legal and regulatory environment in which Kemper and its subsidiaries operate 
 Evolving policies, practices and interpretations by regulators and courts that increase operating costs and potential liabilities, particularly any that involve retroactive application of new requirements, including, but not limited to, initiatives related to unclaimed property laws or claims handling practices with respect to life insurance policies and the proactive use of death verification databases, and developments related to the novel coronavirus COVID-19 COVID-19 
 Adverse outcomes in litigation or other legal or regulatory proceedings involving Kemper or its subsidiaries or affiliates or related to business practices in the insurance industry; 
 Governmental actions, including, but not limited to, implementation of new laws and regulations, and court decisions interpreting existing and future laws and regulations or policy provisions; 
 Uncertainties related to regulatory approval of insurance rates, policy forms, insurance products, license applications, dividends from insurance subsidiaries, acquisitions of businesses or strategic initiatives and other matters within the purview of insurance regulators; 
 Increased costs and initiatives required to address new legal and regulatory requirements; liabilities, costs and other impacts arising from developments related to cybersecurity, privacy and data governance, including, without limitation, cyber incidents that have occurred or could occur; 
 
 Factors relating to insurance claims and related reserves in the Company s insurance businesses 
 The incidence, frequency and severity of catastrophes occurring in any particular reporting period or geographic area, including natural disasters, pandemics (including COVID-19) and terrorist attacks or other man-made events; 
 The frequency and severity of insurance claims (including those associated with catastrophe losses and pandemics); 
 Changes in facts and circumstances affecting assumptions used in determining loss and loss adjustment expenses LAE reserves, including, but not limited to, the frequency and severity of insurance claims, changes in claims handling procedures and closure patterns, development patterns and the impacts of COVID-19 and associated governmental responses, and technological and other environmental conditions; 
 
 1 

The impact of inflation on insurance claims, including, but not limited to, the effects on material costs and personal injury claims of increasing medical costs and the severity of claims resulting from a catastrophe; 
 The effects on property claims attributed to supply chain disruption and scarcity of resources available to rebuild damaged structures, including labor and materials and the amount of salvage value recovered for damaged property; 
 The rising costs of insurance claims from increased and more targeted litigation, higher jury awards, broader definitions of liability, and other effects of societal trends referred to as social inflation; 
 Developments related to insurance policy claims and coverage issues, including, but not limited to, interpretations, pronouncements or decisions by courts or regulators that may govern or influence losses incurred in connection with hurricanes and other catastrophes, including COVID-19; 
 Orders, interpretations or other actions by regulators that impact the reporting, adjustment and payment of claims; 
 Changes in the pricing or availability of reinsurance, or in the financial condition of reinsurers and amounts recoverable therefrom; 
 Factors related to the Company s ability to compete 
 Changes in the ratings of Kemper and/or its insurance company subsidiaries by rating agencies with regard to credit, financial strength, claims paying ability and other areas on which the Company is rated; 
 The level of success and costs incurred in realizing or maintaining economies of scale, integrating acquired businesses and implementing significant business initiatives and the timing of the occurrence or completion of such events, including, but not limited to, those related to expense and claims savings, consolidations, reorganizations and technology; 
 Absolute and relative performance of the Company s products and services, including, but not limited to, the level of success achieved in designing and introducing new insurance products and services; 
 Difficulties with technology, data and network security (including as a result of cyber attacks that have occurred or could occur), outsourcing relationships or cloud-based technology that could negatively impact the Company s ability to conduct business, a heightened risk when substantial numbers of employees shift to work from home arrangements, such as the arrangements implemented for a vast majority of the Company s employees and some business partners during the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 The ability of the Company to maintain the availability and required performance of critical systems and manage technology initiatives cost-effectively to address insurance industry developments and regulatory requirements; 
 Heightened competition, including, with respect to pricing, consolidations of existing competitors or entry of new competitors and alternate distribution channels, introduction of new technologies, use and enhancements of telematics, refinements of existing products and development of new products by current or future competitors; 
 Expected benefits and synergies from mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and/or strategic initiatives that may not be realized to the extent anticipated, within expected time frames or at all, due to a number of factors including, but not limited to, the loss of key agents/brokers, customers or employees, increased costs, fees, expenses and related charges and delays caused by unanticipated developments or factors outside of the Company s control; 
 The successful formulation and execution of the Company s plan with regard to corporate strategy and significant operational changes; 
 Increase in competition as a result of new competitors to the property and casualty insurance industry or existence of competitors that receive substantial infusion of capital or access to third-party capital; 
 Factors related to the business environment in which Kemper and its subsidiaries operate 
 Changes in general economic conditions, including those related to, without limitation, performance of financial markets, interest rates, inflation, unemployment rates, significant global catastrophes such as the COVID-19 outbreak and subsequent global pandemic, and fluctuating values of particular investments held by the Company; 
 Absolute and relative performance of investments held by the Company; 
 Changes in insurance industry trends and significant industry developments; 
 Changes in consumer trends, including changes in number of miles driven by automobile insurance policyholders, and significant consumer or product developments; 
 Changes in capital requirements, including the calculations thereof, used by regulators and rating agencies; 
 Regulatory, accounting or tax changes that may affect the Company s earnings, the cost of, or demand for, the Company s products or services or after-tax returns from the Company s investments; 
 
 2 

The impact of required participation in state windpools and joint underwriting associations, residual market assessments and assessments for insurance industry insolvencies, including the impact of COVID-19; 
 Changes in distribution channels, methods or costs resulting from changes in laws or regulations, legal proceedings or market forces; 
 Increasing competition and higher costs for executive talent and employees with necessary skills and industry experience; 
 Increased costs and risks related to cybersecurity that could materially affect the Company s operations including, but not limited to, data breaches, cyber attacks, virus or malware attacks, or other infiltrations or incidents affecting system integrity, availability and performance, and actions taken to minimize and remediate the risks of such events that have occurred or could occur; 
 Other risks and uncertainties described from time to time in Kemper s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC . 
 Kemper cannot provide any assurances that the results and outcomes contemplated in any forward-looking statements will be achieved or will be achieved in any particular timetable or that future events or developments will not cause such statements to be inaccurate, including impacts related to COVID-19. Kemper assumes no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements publicly for any changes in events or developments or in the Company s expectations or results subsequent to the date of this 2022 Annual Report. Kemper advises the reader, however, to consult any further disclosures Kemper makes on related subjects in its filings with the SEC. 
 
 3 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Kemper is a diversified insurance holding company, with subsidiaries that provide automobile, homeowners, life, and other insurance products to individuals and businesses. Kemper s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10 Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments thereto are accessible free of charge through Kemper s website, kemper.com, and as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, which also maintains an Internet site at sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 Registrant is a holding company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1990, with equity securities traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). On August 25, 2011, Registrant adopted its current name, Kemper Corporation, and changed its NYSE ticker symbol to KMPR. Prior to the name change, the Registrant was known as Unitrin, Inc. and traded under the NYSE ticker symbol UTR. 
 The Kemper family of companies is one of the nation s leading specialized insurers. With nearly 13.4 billion in assets, Kemper is improving the world of insurance by providing affordable and easy-to-use personalized solutions to individuals, families and businesses through its Auto, Personal Insurance, and Life brands. Kemper serves over 5.3 million policies, is represented by more than 29,000 agents and brokers, and has approximately 9,500 associates dedicated to meeting the ever-changing needs of its customers. 
 
 The Company is engaged, through its subsidiaries, in the property and casualty insurance and life and health insurance businesses. The Company conducts its operations through three operating segments: Specialty Property Casualty Insurance, Preferred Property Casualty Insurance and Life Health Insurance. The Company conducts its operations solely in the United States. 
 Kemper s subsidiaries employ approximately 9,500 associates supporting their operations, of which approximately 4,700 are employed in the Specialty Property Casualty Insurance Segment, approximately 550 are employed in the Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment, approximately 3,150 are employed in the Life Health Insurance segment and the remainder are employed in various corporate and other staff and shared functions. 
 
 Property and Casualty Insurance Business 
 
 General 
 The Company s property casualty insurance business operations are conducted primarily through the Specialty Property Casualty Insurance and Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segments. The Specialty Property Casualty Insurance and Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segments distribute their products primarily through independent agents and brokers who are paid commissions for their services. In addition, the Life and Health Insurance segment s career agents also sell contents coverage for personal property to its customers. Collectively, these segments provide preferred automobile, specialty automobile, homeowners, renters, fire, umbrella, general liability as an endorsement to commercial automobile and other types of property and casualty insurance to individuals and commercial automobile insurance to businesses. 
 Property insurance indemnifies an insured with an interest in physical property for loss of, or damage to, such property. Casualty insurance primarily covers liability for damage to property of, or injury to, a person or entity other than the insured. In most cases, casualty insurance also obligates the insurance company to provide a defense for the insured in litigation arising out of events covered by the policy. 

4 

Specialty Property Casualty Insurance 
 The Specialty Property Casualty Insurance segment, based in Chicago, Illinois, conducts business in 28 states under the Kemper Auto brand. As shown in the following table, three states provided 88 of the segment s premium revenues in 2022. 
 State Percentage of Total Premiums California 53 Florida 19 Texas 16 
 The Specialty Property Casualty Insurance segment provides personal and commercial automobile insurance to consumers who have had difficulty obtaining standard or preferred risk insurance, usually because of their driving records, claims experience or premium payment history. The segment also meets the insurance needs of other specialty markets such as urban and Hispanic consumers. The segment s insurance products accounted for 77 , 75 and 71 of the Company s consolidated insurance premiums in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The segment s insurance products are marketed through approximately 21,100 independent agents and brokers. 
 
 Preferred Property Casualty Insurance 
 The Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment, based in Chicago, Illinois, conducts business in 45 states and the District of Columbia. As shown in the following table, five states provided 66 of the segment s premium revenues in 2022. 
 State Percentage of Total Premiums California 23 New York 20 Texas 9 North Carolina 8 Connecticut 6 
 The Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment primarily sells preferred automobile insurance, homeowners insurance and other personal insurance. The segment s insurance products accounted for 11 , 12 and 15 of the Company s consolidated insurance premiums in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The segment s insurance products are marketed by approximately 5,550 independent insurance agents and brokers to individuals who have demonstrated favorable risk characteristics and loss history. 
 
 Property and Casualty Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves 
 The Company s reserves for losses and LAE for property and casualty insurance Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves are reported using the Company s estimate of its ultimate liability for losses and LAE for claims that occurred prior to the end of any given accounting period but have not yet been paid. 
 Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves by business segment at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were: 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 Business Segments: Specialty Property Casualty Insurance 2,321.1 2,319.7 Preferred Property Casualty Insurance 419.1 433.2 Life Health Insurance 2.3 3.6 Total Business Segments 2,742.5 2,756.5 Unallocated Reserves 14.4 16.2 Total Property Casualty Insurance Reserves 2,756.9 2,772.7 
 
 5 

In estimating the Company s Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves, the Company s actuaries exercise professional judgment and must consider, and are influenced by, many variables that are difficult to quantify. Accordingly, the process of estimating and establishing the Company s Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves is inherently uncertain and the actual ultimate net cost of claims may vary materially from the estimated amounts reserved. See MD A, Critical Accounting Estimates, under the caption Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses for a discussion of the Company s reserving process and the factors considered by the Company s actuaries in estimating the Company s Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves. 
 The Company s goal is to ensure that its total reserves for property and casualty insurance losses and LAE are adequate to cover all costs, while minimizing variation from the time reserves for losses and LAE are initially estimated until losses and LAE are fully paid. Changes in the Company s estimates of these losses and LAE, also referred to as development, will occur over time and may be material. Favorable development is recognized and reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements when the Company decreases its previous estimate of ultimate losses and LAE and results in an increase in net income in the period recognized, whereas adverse development is recognized and reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements when the Company increases its previous estimate of ultimate losses and LAE and results in a decrease in net income. 
 See Note 7, Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about incurred and paid claims development for the 2018-2022 accident years as of December 31, 2022, net of reinsurance and indemnification, as well as cumulative claim frequency and the total of incurred but not reported IBNR liabilities, including expected development on reported claims included within the net incurred losses and allocated LAE amounts as of December 31, 2022. See Note 7, Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a tabular reconciliation of the three most recent annual periods setting forth the Company s Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves as of the beginning of each year, incurred losses and LAE for insured events of the current year, changes in incurred losses and LAE for insured events of prior years, payments of losses and LAE for insured events of the current year, payments of losses and LAE for insured events of prior years and the Company s Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves at the end of the year and additional information regarding the nature of adjustments to incurred losses and LAE for insured events of prior years. 
 
 Catastrophe Losses 
 Catastrophes and natural disasters are inherent risks of the property and casualty insurance business. These catastrophic events and natural disasters include, without limitation, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, hailstorms, wildfires, high winds and winter storms. Such events result in insured losses that are, and are expected to be, a material factor in the results of operations and financial position of Kemper s property and casualty insurance companies. Further, because the level of insured losses that could occur in any one year cannot be accurately predicted, these losses contribute to material year-to-year fluctuations in the results of operations and financial position of these companies. Specific types of catastrophic events are more likely to occur at certain times within the year than others. This factor adds an element of seasonality to property and casualty insurance claims. The occurrence and severity of catastrophic events cannot be accurately predicted in any year. However, some geographic locations are more susceptible to these events than others. The Company has endeavored to manage its direct insurance exposures in certain regions that are prone to naturally occurring catastrophic events through a combination of geographic diversification, restrictions on the amount and location of new business production in such regions, modifications of, and/or limitations to coverages and deductibles for certain perils in such regions and reinsurance. The Company has adopted the industry-wide catastrophe classifications of storms and other events promulgated by Insurance Services Office, Inc. ISO to track and report losses related to catastrophes. ISO classifies a disaster as a catastrophe when the event causes 25 million or more in direct insured losses to property and affects a significant number of policyholders and insurers. ISO-classified catastrophes are assigned a unique serial number recognized throughout the insurance industry. The discussions throughout this 2022 Annual Report utilize ISO s definition of catastrophes. 
 The process of estimating and establishing reserves for catastrophe losses is inherently uncertain and the actual ultimate cost of a claim, net of reinsurance recoveries, may vary materially from the estimated amount reserved. See Item 1A., Risk Factors, under the caption Catastrophe losses could materially and adversely affect the Company s results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition for a discussion of catastrophe risk. See Note 23, Catastrophe Reinsurance, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the factors that influence the process of estimating and establishing reserves for catastrophes. 

6 

Reinsurance 
 The Company manages its exposure to catastrophes and other natural disasters through a combination of geographical diversification, restrictions on the amount and location of new business production in such regions, modifications of, and/or limitations to coverages and deductibles for certain perils in such regions and reinsurance. To limit its exposure to catastrophic events, the Company maintains a catastrophe reinsurance program for its property and casualty insurance companies. Coverage for the catastrophe reinsurance program is provided in various layers through multiple excess of loss reinsurance contracts. The Company s insurance subsidiaries also purchase reinsurance from the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund (the FHCF for hurricane losses in Florida at retentions lower than those described below for the Company s catastrophe reinsurance program. 
 The 2023 catastrophe reinsurance program covering the property and casualty insurance companies is provided by a combination of annual and multi-year excess of loss reinsurance contracts. 
 Multi-year Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contracts 
 The first multi-year excess of loss reinsurance contract provides coverage over the three-year period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2023 (the 2021 Reinsurance Contract ). The 2021 Reinsurance Contract provides coverage in two layers, which together provide coverage for losses on individual catastrophes of 200 million in excess of 50 million. Under the 2021 Reinsurance Contract, the percentage of coverage is 27.66 for each year in the three-year period, and participation of each reinsurer remains the same over the entire three-year period. Accordingly, the 2021 Reinsurance Contract provides coverage for 27.66 of losses on individual catastrophes of 200 million in excess of 50 million in 2023. 
 The second multi-year excess of loss reinsurance contract provides coverage over the three-year period of January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024 (the 2022 Reinsurance Contract ). The 2022 Reinsurance Contract provides coverage in two layers, which together provide coverage for losses on individual catastrophes of 200 million in excess of 50 million, which is consistent with the coverage provided under the 2021 Reinsurance Contract. Under the 2022 Reinsurance Contract, the percentage of coverage is 31.66 for each year in the three-year period, and participation of each reinsurer remains the same over the entire three-year period. Accordingly, the 2022 Reinsurance Contract provides coverage for 31.67 of losses on individual catastrophes of 200 million in excess of 50 million in 2023. 
 Annual Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract 
 The 2023 Annual Excess of Loss Contracts provide coverage for the annual period of January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023. The 2023 Annual Excess of Loss Contracts provide coverage in four layers for losses on individual catastrophes of 275 million in excess of 50 million. The 2023 Annual Excess of Loss Contract provides 35.67 coverage in two layers of losses on individual catastrophes of 200 million in excess of 50 million. The 2023 Annual Excess of Loss Contract then provides 95 coverage in two layers of losses on individual catastrophes of 75 million in excess of 250 million. 
 Summary of Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contracts 
 Coverage on individual catastrophes provided under the multi-year excess of loss reinsurance contracts for 2023 (January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023) and the 2023 Annual Excess of Loss Contracts is provided in various layers as summarized below. 
 Catastrophe Losses and LAE Combined Percentage of Coverage DOLLARS IN MILLIONS In Excess of Up to Retained 50.0 1st Layer of Coverage 50.0 150.0 95.0 2nd Layer of Coverage 150.0 250.0 95.0 3rd Layer of Coverage 250.0 295.0 95.0 4th Layer of Coverage 295.0 325.0 95.0 
 The estimated annual premium in 2023 for the two multi-year excess of loss reinsurance contracts and the 2023 Annual Excess of Loss Contracts presented in the preceding table is 21.7 million. In the event that the Company s incurred catastrophe losses and LAE covered by its catastrophe reinsurance program exceed the retention for a particular layer, the program allows for one reinstatement of such coverage. In such an instance, the Company must pay a reinstatement premium to the reinsurers to reinstate the full amount of the limit available under such layer. The reinstatement premium for the first layer of coverage is a percentage of the full original premium based on the ratio of the losses in excess of the Company s retention to the reinsurers 
 
 7 

coverage limit. The reinstatement premium for the second, third, and fourth layers of coverage is a percentage of half the original premium based on the ratio of the losses in excess of the Company s retention to the reinsurers coverage limit. 
 Other 
 In addition to the catastrophe loss exposures caused by natural events described above, Kemper s property and casualty insurance companies are exposed to losses from catastrophic events that are not the result of acts of nature, such as acts of terrorism, the nature, occurrence and severity of which in any period cannot be accurately predicted. The companies have reinsurance coverage to address certain exposures to potential future terrorist attacks. The reinsurance coverage for certified events, as designated by the federal government, is from the Terrorist Risk Insurance Act. The coverage for non-certified events is available in the catastrophe reinsurance program for property and casualty insurance companies. However, certain perils, such as biological, chemical, nuclear pollution or contamination, are excluded from the reinsurance coverage for non-certified events. 
 Under the various reinsurance arrangements, Kemper s property and casualty insurance companies are indemnified by reinsurers for certain losses incurred under insurance policies issued by the reinsurers. As indemnity reinsurance does not discharge an insurer from its direct obligations to policyholders on risks insured, Kemper s property and casualty insurance companies remain directly liable. However, provided that the reinsurers meet their obligations, the net liability for Kemper s property and casualty insurance companies is limited to the amount of risk that they retain. Kemper s property and casualty insurance companies purchase their reinsurance only from reinsurers rated A- or better by A. M. Best Co., Inc. A.M. Best ), at the time of purchase. A.M. Best is an organization that specializes in rating insurance and reinsurance companies. 
 For further discussion of the reinsurance programs, see Note 23, Catastrophe Reinsurance, and Note 24, Other Reinsurance, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Pricing 
 Pricing levels for property and casualty insurance products are influenced by many factors, including the frequency and severity of claims, state regulation and legislation, competition, general business and economic conditions, including market rates of interest, inflation, expense levels, and judicial decisions. In addition, many state regulators require consideration of investment income when approving or setting rates, which could reduce underwriting margins. Further, some states have regulations that limit the after-tax return on underwriting profit allowed for an insurer and may impact the price charged for premiums or result in premium refunds. The Company derives a significant portion of its earned premiums in two such states, California and Florida. See MD A under the caption Specialty Property Casualty Insurance and Preferred Property Casualty Insurance. 
 
 Competition 
 Based on the most recent annual data published by A.M. Best, as of the end of 2021, there were 1,118 property and casualty insurance groups in the United States. Kemper s property and casualty group, adjusted for the inclusion of American Access Casualty Company s AAC unaudited pro forma results for the entire year was among the top 7 of property and casualty insurance groups in the United States as measured by net written premiums, policyholders surplus and net admitted assets in 2021. Among all personal lines automobile insurance writers, Kemper s property and casualty group was the 11th largest writer as measured by net written premiums in 2021. 
 Rankings by net admitted assets, net premiums written and capital and surplus were: 
 Ordinal Percentile Measurement Rank Rank Net Admitted Assets 49 96 Net Written Premiums 29 97 Capital and Surplus 75 93 
 In 2021, the U.S. property and casualty insurance industry s estimated net premiums written were 720.1 billion, of which nearly 81 were accounted for by the top 50 groups of property and casualty insurance companies. Kemper s property and casualty insurance companies wrote less than 1 of the industry s 2021 premium volume. 
 The property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive, particularly with respect to personal automobile insurance. Kemper s property and casualty insurance companies compete on the basis of, among other measures, (i) using suitable pricing 
 
 8 

segmentation, (ii) maintaining underwriting discipline, (iii) settling claims timely and efficiently, (iv) offering products in selected markets or geographies, (v) utilizing technological innovations for the marketing and sale of insurance, (vi) controlling expenses, (vii) maintaining adequate ratings from A.M. Best and other ratings agencies and (viii) providing quality services to independent agents and policyholders. See Item 1A., Risk Factors, under the caption The insurance industry is highly competitive, making it difficult to grow profitability and within expectations of investors. 
 
 Life and Health Insurance Business 
 
 The Company s Life Health Insurance segment consists of Kemper s wholly-owned subsidiaries, United Insurance Company of America United Insurance ), The Reliable Life Insurance Company Reliable ), Union National Life Insurance Company Union National Life ), Mutual Savings Life Insurance Company Mutual Savings Life ), United Casualty Insurance Company of America United Casualty ), Union National Fire Insurance Company Union National Fire ), Mutual Savings Fire Insurance Company Mutual Savings Fire ), Kemper Bermuda Ltd. Kemper Bermuda ), and Reserve National Insurance Company Reserve National ), which was sold on December 1, 2022. For further discussion of the Reserve National Disposition, see Note 5, Dispositions, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. As discussed below, United Insurance, Reliable, Union National Life, Mutual Savings Life, United Casualty, Union National Fire and Mutual Savings Fire (the Kemper Home Service Companies distribute their products through a network of employee, or career agents. These career agents are paid commissions for their services. Earned premiums from life insurance accounted for 8 , of the Company s consolidated insurance premiums earned in 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 As shown in the following table, five states provided 52 of the premium revenues in this segment in 2022. 
 State Percentage of Total Premiums Texas 22 Louisiana 11 Alabama 8 Mississippi 6 Georgia 5 
 
 Kemper Home Service Companies 
 The Kemper Home Service Companies, based in St. Louis, Missouri, focus on providing individual life and supplemental accident and health insurance products to customers of modest incomes who desire basic protection for themselves and their families. Their leading product is ordinary life insurance, including permanent and term insurance. Face amounts of these policies are lower than those of policies typically sold to higher income customers by other companies in the life insurance industry. During 2022, approximately 74 of the Life Health Insurance segment s premium revenues are generated by the Kemper Home Service Companies. 
 The Kemper Home Service Companies employ nearly 2,350 career agents, operating in 25 states and the District of Columbia. These career agents are full-time employees who call on customers in their homes to sell insurance products, provide services related to policies in force and collect premiums, typically monthly. Premiums average approximately 27 per policy per month with an average face value of 6,208. Permanent and term policies are offered primarily on a non-participating, guaranteed-cost basis. These career agents also distribute and/or service certain property insurance products for the Kemper Home Service Companies. 
 
 Reserve National 
 Reserve National, which was sold on December 1, 2022, is based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and licensed in 49 states and the District of Columbia. For further discussion of the Reserve National Disposition, see Note 5, Dispositions, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company specialized in the sale of supplemental accident health insurance products such as: Medicare Supplement, fixed hospital indemnity, home health care, specified disease, and accident-only plans. 
 Reserve National distributed products through two channels, Kemper Traditional and Kemper Benefits. The Traditional channel had historically served individuals in rural areas who often did not have access to a broad array of accident and health insurance products, though had more recently broadened to include suburban and urban areas. Insurance products could be tailored to meet individual and family needs and are distributed through approximately 700 independent agents. Kemper Benefits sold voluntary worksite products in the employer market place through Employee Benefit brokers and enrollers. In total, Reserve National had approximately 3,100 independent agents appointed. 
 
 9 

Reinsurance 
 Consistent with insurance industry practice, the Company s life and health insurance subsidiaries utilize reinsurance arrangements to limit their maximum loss, provide greater diversification of risk and minimize exposures on larger risks. As the face amounts of the Company s issued policies are relatively small, the ceded risks and corresponding premiums are also relatively small, particularly when compared to other companies in the industry. The segment is also exposed to losses from catastrophes arising from insurance policies distributed by career agents of the Kemper Home Service Companies. During 2022, Kemper Home Service Companies intentionally reduced their exposure to catastrophic events through the non-renewal of their dwelling insurance business. The Kemper Home Services Companies are parties to the FHCF and the Property Casualty catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contracts. 
 Premiums for Medicare supplement and other accident and health policies must take into account the rising costs of medical care. The annual rate of medical cost inflation has historically been higher than the general rate of inflation, necessitating frequent rate increases, most of which are subject to approval by state regulators. All Medicare Supplement premiums are ceded to Reserve National which was sold to Medical Mutual of Ohio on December 1, 2022. 
 
 Lapse Ratio 
 The lapse ratio is a measure of a life insurer s loss of in-force policies. For a given year, this ratio is commonly computed as the total face amount of individual life insurance policies lapsed, surrendered, expired and decreased during such year, less policies increased and revived during such year, divided by the total face amount of policies at the beginning of the year plus the face amount of policies issued and reinsurance assumed in the prior year. The Life Health Insurance segment s lapse ratio for individual life insurance was 6 , 3 , and 4 in 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 The customer base served by the Kemper Home Service Companies and competing life insurance companies tends to have a higher incidence of lapse than other demographic segments of the population. Thus, to maintain or increase the level of its business, the Kemper Home Service Companies must write a higher volume of new policies than competitors serving other demographic segments of the population. 
 
 Pricing 
 Premiums for life and health insurance products are based on assumptions with respect to mortality, morbidity, investment yields, expenses, and lapses and are also affected by state laws and regulations, as well as competition. Pricing assumptions are based on the experience of Kemper s life and health insurance subsidiaries, as well as the industry in general, depending on the factor being considered. The actual profit or loss produced by a product will vary from the anticipated profit if the actual experience differs from the assumptions used in pricing the product. 
 Premiums for policies sold by the Kemper Home Service Companies are set at levels designed to cover the relatively high cost of in-home servicing of such policies. As a result, Kemper Home Service Companies premiums have a higher expense load than the life insurance industry average. 
 
 Competition 
 Based on the most recent data published by A.M. Best, as of the end of 2021, there were 402 life and health insurance company groups in the United States. The Company s Life Health Insurance segment ranked in the top 25 of life and health insurance company groups, as measured by net admitted assets, net premiums written and capital and surplus. Rankings by net admitted assets, net premiums written and capital and surplus were: 
 Ordinal Percentile Measurement Rank Rank Net Admitted Assets 91 77 Net Written Premiums 89 78 Capital and Surplus 99 75 
 Kemper s life and health insurance subsidiaries generally compete by using appropriate pricing, offering products to selected markets or geographies, controlling expenses, maintaining adequate ratings from A.M. Best and providing competitive services to agents and policyholders. 

10 

Investments 
 The quality, nature and amount of the various types of investments that can be made by insurance companies are regulated by state laws. Depending on the state, these laws permit investments in qualified assets, including, but not limited to, municipal, state and federal government obligations, corporate bonds, real estate, preferred and common stocks, investment partnerships, limited liability investment companies and limited partnerships. In addition, the quality, nature, amount and concentration of the various types of investments held by Kemper s insurance subsidiaries affect the amount of asset risk calculated by regulators and rating agencies in determining required capital. See Regulation immediately following this subsection and Item 1A., Risk Factors, under the caption The Company s investment portfolio is exposed to a variety of risks that may negatively impact net investment income, the change in fair value of equity and convertible securities and cause realized and unrealized losses. 
 The Company employs a total return investment strategy, with an emphasis on yield, while maintaining liquidity to meet both its short- and medium-term insurance obligations. See the discussions of the Company s investments under the headings Investment Results, Investment Quality and Concentrations, Investments in Limited Liability Companies and Limited Partnerships, Liquidity and Capital Resources and Critical Accounting Estimates, in the MD A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, in Item 7A and Note 9, Investments, Note 10, Income from Investments, Note 11, Derivatives, and Note 12, Fair Value Measurements, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Regulation 
 Overview of State Regulation 
 Kemper s insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation, primarily, but not exclusively, at the state level. Such regulation pertains to a variety of matters, including, but not limited to, policy forms, rate setting, licensing to transact business, market conduct, trade practices, underwriting standards, claims handling practices, transactions with affiliates, payment of dividends, nature and amount of investments, solvency, reserve adequacy, statutory accounting methods, risk management and corporate governance. In addition, insurance regulatory authorities perform periodic examinations of an insurer s financial condition, market conduct activities and other affairs. Some of these matters are discussed in more detail below. 
 Approval of Policy Rates and Forms 
 The majority of Kemper s insurance operations are in states requiring prior approval by regulators before proposed policy or coverage forms and rates for insurance policies may be implemented and used. The Company s ability to take actions to address market developments or increased costs can be adversely impacted by lengthy delays in the approval process or the failure to receive the required approval of state regulators. 
 Restrictions on Withdrawal, Cancellation and Nonrenewal 
 Many states have laws restricting an insurer s ability to withdraw from particular markets. Laws that limit an insurer s ability to cancel or non-renew a block of policies by line of business, or that subject its withdrawal to prior approval requirements, may restrict the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to exit unprofitable markets. 
 Financial Reports and Standards 
 Insurance companies are required to report their financial condition and results of operations in accordance with statutory accounting principles prescribed or permitted by state insurance regulators in conjunction with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC ). State insurance regulators also prescribe the form and content of statutory financial statements, set minimum reserve and loss ratio requirements and establish standards for the types and amounts of investments. In addition, state laws and regulations require minimum capital and surplus levels and incorporate risk-based capital RBC standards developed by the NAIC. Similar reporting obligations and requirements are imposed under Bermuda law on Kemper Bermuda Ltd., Kemper s offshore subsidiary. RBC standards are intended to enable regulators to assess the level of risk inherent in an insurance company s business based on asset risk, credit risk, underwriting risk and other business risks relevant to its operations. A company s requirements are calculated based on an RBC formula and compared to its total adjusted capital to determine whether regulatory intervention is warranted. At December 31, 2022, the total amount of capital held by each of Kemper s insurance subsidiaries exceeded the minimum levels required under applicable RBC requirements. 

11 

Guaranty Funds and Risk Pools 
 Kemper s insurance subsidiaries are required to pay assessments up to prescribed levels to fund policyholder losses or liabilities of insolvent insurance companies under the guaranty fund laws of most states in which they transact business. Kemper s insurance subsidiaries are also required to participate in various involuntary pools or assigned risk pools, principally involving windstorms and high risk drivers. In most states, the involuntary pool participation of Kemper s insurance subsidiaries is determined in proportion to their voluntary writings of related lines of business in such states. 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation 
 The Company is subject to numerous federal and state laws and state insurance regulations that impose significant requirements and standards for protecting personally identifiable information of insurance company policyholders, employees, and other individuals. 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
 The federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires financial institutions, including insurers, to protect the privacy of non-public information, to restrict use of such information and disclosure to non-affiliated third parties, and to provide notices to customers regarding use of their non-public personal information and an opportunity to opt out of certain disclosures. State departments of insurance and certain federal agencies adopted implementing regulations as required by federal law. 
 State Laws and Regulations 
 In recent years, state insurance regulators have focused increasing attention on cybersecurity. For example, insurance companies are required to maintain a cybersecurity program, incident response plan and information technology system safeguards that protect customer information under extensive cybersecurity regulations implemented by the New York Department of Financial Services and statutes adopted by a number of states based on a model data security law adopted by the NAIC. In addition, state insurance regulators focus significant attention on data security during financial exams, and the NAIC has strengthened and enhanced the cybersecurity guidance included in its handbook for state insurance examiners. Additional state laws outside of the insurance industry impose notification requirements in the event of cybersecurity breaches affecting their residents. On the privacy front, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended, by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which went into effect in January 2023, among other things, requires companies to provide privacy notices and respond to any request made to the company by a California resident regarding his or her personal information used or maintained by the company outside the scope of the GLBA privacy laws. The Company anticipates a continuing focus on new regulatory and legislative proposals at the state and federal levels that further regulate practices regarding privacy and security of personal information. 
 Holding Company Regulation, Including Enterprise Risk Management and Governance 
 The Company is regulated as an insurance holding company system and is subject to the insurance holding company acts of the states in which its insurance subsidiaries are domiciled and, in some cases, additional states in which the insurance subsidiary is deemed commercially domiciled. These laws and related regulations contain certain reporting requirements as well as restrictions on transactions between an insurer and its affiliates. They also generally require insurance companies within an insurance holding company system to register with the insurance department of each state where they are domiciled and to file certain reports with those insurance departments describing capital structure, ownership, financial condition, certain intercompany transactions, an enterprise risk report and general business operations. In addition, various notice and reporting requirements generally apply to transactions between insurance companies and their affiliates within the insurance holding company system, depending on the size and nature of the transactions. Some insurance holding company laws and regulations require prior regulatory approval or, in certain circumstances, prior notice of certain material intercompany transfers of assets as well as certain transactions between insurance companies, their parent holding companies and affiliates. 
 Dividends 
 As a holding company with no significant business operations of its own, Kemper relies on dividends from its insurance subsidiaries to meet its obligations. Certain dividends and distributions by an insurance subsidiary are subject to prior approval by the insurance regulator in which it is domiciled or commercially domiciled. See Item 1A., Risk Factors, under the caption, The ability of Kemper to service its debt, to pay dividends to its shareholders and/or make repurchases of its stock may be materially impacted by lack of timely and/or sufficient dividends received from its subsidiaries. 

12 

Change in Control Requirements 
 State insurance laws also impose requirements that must be met prior to a change of control of an insurance company or insurance holding company based on the insurer s state of domicile and, in some cases, additional states in which the insurance subsidiary is deemed commercially domiciled. These requirements may include the advance filing of specific information with the state insurance regulators, a public hearing on the matter, and the review and approval of the change of control by such regulators. The Company has insurance subsidiaries domiciled or deemed commercially domiciled in Alabama, California, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Missouri, New York, Ohio, Oregon, Texas and Wisconsin. In these states, except Alabama, control generally is presumed to exist through the direct or indirect ownership of 10 or more of the voting securities of an insurance company. Control is presumed to exist in Alabama with a 5 or more ownership interest in such securities. Any purchase of Kemper s shares that would result in the purchaser owning Kemper s voting securities in the foregoing percentages for the states indicated would be presumed to result in the acquisition of control of the Company s insurance subsidiaries in those states. Therefore, acquisitions subject to the 10 threshold generally would require the prior approval of insurance regulators in each state in which the Company s insurance subsidiaries are domiciled or deemed commercially domiciled, including those in Alabama, while acquisitions subject to the 5 threshold generally would require the prior approval of only Alabama regulators. Similarly, consistent with the Model Holding Company Act, several of the states in which the Company s insurance subsidiaries are domiciled have enacted legislation that requires either the divesting and/or acquiring company to notify regulators of, and in some cases to receive regulatory approval for, a change in control. 
 Many state statutes also require pre-acquisition notification to state insurance regulators of a change of control of an insurance company licensed in the state if specific market concentration thresholds would be triggered by the acquisition. Such statutes authorize the issuance of a cease and desist order with respect to the insurance company if certain conditions, such as undue market concentration, would result from the acquisition. These regulatory requirements may deter, delay or prevent transactions effecting control of Kemper or its insurance subsidiaries, or the ownership of Kemper s voting securities, including transactions that could be advantageous to Kemper s shareholders. 
 Many states have made, or are in the process of making, modifications to their holding company laws. These modifications impose new reporting requirements and substantially expand the oversight and examination powers of state insurance regulators to assess enterprise risks within the entire holding company system that may arise from both insurance and non-insurance subsidiaries. They also impose new reporting requirements on affiliated transactions and divestiture of a controlling interest in an insurance subsidiary. 
 Other Federal Government Regulation 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Other Financial Reform Efforts 
 As part of an effort to strengthen the regulation of the financial services market, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act was enacted in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Act also created the Federal Insurance Office FIO within the U.S. Department of the Treasury Treasury ). The FIO monitors the insurance industry, provides advice to the Financial Stability Oversight Council FSOC ), represents the U.S. on international insurance matters, and studies the current regulatory system. The Dodd-Frank Act includes a number of financial reforms and regulations that may affect our business and financial reporting. However, there remains uncertainty regarding the future of the Dodd-Frank Act and how it may impact our business. 
 Additional regulations or new requirements may emerge from activities of various regulatory entities, including the Federal Reserve Board, FIO, FSOC, NAIC and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors IAIS ), that are evaluating solvency and capital standards for insurance company groups. The outcome of these actions is uncertain; however, these actions may result in an increase in the level of capital and liquidity required by insurance holding companies. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 Company Culture 
 Kemper proudly serves growing niche and underserved markets through appropriate and affordable insurance and financial solutions. Kemper s strategic intent is focused on empowering each employee on our team to Act Like an Owner. This concept describes one of the most important parts of executing on our purpose our employees and infuses our ownership culture in everything we do. 
 Our culture enables everyone, at every level, to take authority and accountability for their respective roles and responsibilities and strive towards high performance. We promote this through dynamic, diverse, and innovative team members who Act Like an Owner and are continually driven by intellectual curiosity, analytic superiority, and being world class operators. 
 
 13 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion DE I are fundamental to the Company s success. Kemper is committed to driving our DE I efforts within our workforce, workplace, and marketplace, as outlined below: 
 Workplace: Maintain an inclusive workplace culture where all colleagues believe they can own their career while contributing to the success of the company 
 Workforce: Our workforce reaches its fullest potential by attracting, developing, and retaining diverse talent 
 Marketplace: Our business growth in the marketplace is driven by our ability to grow the Kemper brand in diverse communities throughout our footprint 
 
 Compliance and Ethics 
 A culture that includes compliance and ethical behaviors is key to protecting the Company from actions that could negatively impact our reputation and business results. These values are also critical to the sound operation of our business and contribute to a positive work experience for our employees. Kemper provides a variety of tools and resources to ensure that these values ultimately result in an environment that s welcoming for every member of the Kemper community. 
 Kemper maintains an open communication environment to all employees that features multiple channels for reporting instances of fraud, theft, violence, and misconduct. Our compliance reporting protocol enhances our efforts to foster a culture of integrity and ethical behavior while facilitating corrective actions necessary to address identified problems. In addition, Kemper encourages employees to reach out to their direct manager, another manager, the Kemper Corporate Responsibility Hotline or Human Resources with any compliance or ethical misconduct questions or concerns. 
 Employee Development 
 Kemper s long-term success is inextricably linked to our employee s development and engagement. Kemper provides valuable opportunities for personal development and professional challenge at all stages of careers, from early career programs including internships and rotational development programs to leadership development. Kemper promotes individual growth and development through various programs and outlets, including the Own Your Career initiative. This program provides employees with the resources and tools necessary to continue to build momentum toward career success and development. Kemper s commitment to Own Your Career is closely tied to our Act Like An Owner culture, and offers individuals the opportunity for skill building, developing talents, and opportunities to connect with peers and managers who will support employees on their path forward. 
 Engagement with Company Culture 
 Employee engagement is a critical element in driving the Company s culture and success. Kemper encourages elevated engagement through various initiatives and programs, and reinforces behaviors through recognition to employees who consistently go above and beyond in their contributions to the Company s success. 
 We measure engagement through an employee survey which offers all team members the opportunity to provide feedback on key drivers of overall work satisfaction, including career growth and development, company leadership, pay and benefits, recognition, collaboration, communication, resources, culture, DE I, and ethics. The feedback is evaluated by our business, functional and Human Resources leadership teams to understand employees emotional commitment to the most critical areas of employee engagement, further define and improve our culture, and address areas of opportunity to enhance the work experience. 
 Total Rewards 
 Total rewards represent investments Kemper makes to recognize and reward employees for their contributions. Total rewards includes both benefits and compensation (base salary, short- and long-term incentives). Kemper is committed to providing a robust and market competitive total rewards package that enable us to attract and retain the talent we need to grow our company, and achieve our results. Our total rewards are a vital part of the employee experience at Kemper and are designed to add value to our business and promote the health and well-being of all employees. 

14 

Kemper is focused on investing in the physical, emotional, financial and social well-being of our people by providing a wide range of benefits. These benefits include, but are not limited to: 
 Health insurance including medical, dental, vision and prescription drug coverage 
 Life and disability insurance 
 Tax-advantaged Flexible Spending Accounts for health care and dependent care 
 Health Savings Accounts for the High-Deductible Health Plan, including a company match 
 401(k) retirement savings program, including a company match and 100 vesting upon hire 
 Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) 
 Employee Assistance Work/Life Program (EAP) 
 Tuition reimbursement 
 Adoption assistance 
 Employee discount programs 
 Voluntary benefit programs 
 Leave and time off programs 
 Flexible work arrangements based on function and role 
 Wellness resources, including diabetes, hypertension, weight management and pregnancy support 
 Commuter benefits 
 Benefits navigation 
 
 COVID-19 Response and Future Working Model 
 Kemper s top priority in responding to the COVID-19 pandemic over the past three years has been to ensure the health, safety, and well-being of our employees, agents, and customers. The Company continues to adhere to local, state and federal safety guidelines. As the business landscape has shifted, Kemper has pro-actively responded by evolving to more defined working models to stay competitive. The Future of Work initiative was deployed in 2022 to focus on creating a framework for how the company drives a multifaceted approach to work location. The approach is supported by three key work models: Office-based, Hybrid, and Remote-Based. This is designed to continue to attract and retain a high performing workforce, cultivate a culture that supports teamwork and collaboration, remain highly adaptive to environmental changes, and continue to deliver promises to customers. 

15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Kemper is exposed to numerous risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from recent results or anticipated future results. The following discussion details the significant risk factors that are specific to the Company. In addition to those described below, the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected by other factors not presently known or considered material by the Company. Readers are advised to consider all of these factors along with the other information included in this 2022 Annual Report, including the factors set forth under the caption Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , and to consult any further disclosures Kemper makes on related subjects in its filings with the SEC. 
 Risks Relating to Estimating Property and Casualty Insurance Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses and Catastrophes 
 Estimating losses and LAE for determining property and casualty insurance reserves is inherently uncertain, and the Company s results of operations may be materially impacted if the Company s insurance reserves are insufficient. 
 The Company establishes loss and LAE reserves to cover estimated liabilities, which remain unpaid as of the end of each accounting period, and to investigate and settle all claims incurred under the property and casualty insurance policies that it has issued. Loss and LAE reserves are established for claims that have been reported to the Company as of the end of the accounting period, as well as for estimated claims that have occurred but have not yet been reported to the Company. The estimates of loss and LAE reserves are based on the Company s assessment of the facts and circumstances known to it at the time, as well as estimates of the impact of future trends in the severity of claims, the frequency of claims and other factors. 
 These estimates can be inaccurate or may change over time due to many variables, including changes driven by the evolving legal and regulatory landscape and economic, technological, and other environmental conditions in which the Company operates and the rising costs of insurance claims from increased litigation (in part as a result of proliferation of class-action suits and growth in third party litigation funding), increase in so-called "nuclear verdicts" leading to higher jury awards, broader definitions of liability, other effects of legal system abuse and societal trends referred to as social inflation. In recent periods, these estimates have been impacted by the effect the COVID-19 pandemic and the related governmental responses have had on certain of these variables. See the risk factor below titled The impact of COVID-19 and related economic conditions could materially affect Kemper s results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity. 
 The process of estimating property and casualty insurance reserves is complex and imprecise. The reserves established by the Company are inherently uncertain estimates and could prove to be inadequate to cover its ultimate losses and expenses. The estimate of the ultimate cost of claims for insured events that have occurred must take into consideration many factors that are dependent on the outcome of future events associated with the reporting, investigation and settlement of claims. The impacts on the Company s estimates of property and casualty insurance reserves from these factors are difficult to assess accurately. A change in any one or more of the factors is likely to result in a projected ultimate loss that is different than the previous projected ultimate loss and may have a material impact on the Company s estimates. Increases in the estimates of ultimate losses and LAE will decrease earnings, while decreases in these estimates will increase earnings, as reported by the Company in the results of its operations for the periods in which the changes to the estimates are made. See MD A, Critical Accounting Estimates, under the caption Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses for a discussion of the Company s reserving process and the factors considered by the Company s actuaries in estimating the Company s Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves. 
 If the Company is unable to charge competitive yet profitable rates to its customers, the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The Company considers trends in the severity and frequency of claims and other factors when determining the premium rates to charge for its property and casualty insurance products. An unanticipated change in any one or more of these factors or trends, as well as a change in competitive conditions, may result in inadequate premium rates charged for insurance policies issued by Kemper s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries in the future. Typically there is a time lag between when changes in frequency and severity are identified and when rate changes are approved, implemented and earned in. Material changes in frequency and severity and the time lag between when rates are approved, implemented and earned into the Company s results of operations may have a material adverse impact on the Company s operations. Because of restrictions placed on the Company s ability to increase premium rates in certain states, including California, a pricing inadequacy may continue for a prolonged period. These pricing inadequacies have had and could continue to have a material impact on the Company s operating results in recent periods. If the Company overestimates the severity or frequency of claims and other factors in determining the rates to charge for insurance products, the rates for the Company s products could be noncompetitive and result in loss of revenue and market share. 

16 

Catastrophe losses could materially and adversely affect the Company s results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. 
 
 Kemper s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries are subject to claims arising out of catastrophes that may have a significant effect on their results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hailstorms, explosions, severe winter weather, wildfires and pandemics, and may also include man-made events, such as cyber events, terrorist attacks, and hazardous material spills. The incidence, frequency and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and may be impacted by the uncertain effects of climate change, which could cause increases in hurricanes, floods, wildfires, and other risks that could produce losses affecting our business. The extent of the Company s losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of its insured exposure in the geographic area affected by the event and the severity of the event. The effects of inflation could increase the severity of claims resulting from a catastrophe. For example, in recent periods, the effects of inflation, including as a result of post-event damage surge, have increased catastrophe losses, and this could continue in the future. Furthermore, the Company could experience more than one severe catastrophic event in any given period. 
 The property and casualty insurance subsidiaries use catastrophe modeling tools developed by third parties to project their potential exposure to property damage resulting from certain types of catastrophic events under various scenarios. These models are based on various assumptions and judgments which may turn out to be wrong or materially different than our actual results. The actual impact of one or more catastrophic events could adversely and materially differ from these projections. 
 Kemper s life insurance subsidiaries are particularly exposed to risks of catastrophic mortality, such as pandemics or other events that result in large numbers of deaths. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in increased mortality that had an adverse impact on our Life business. See the risk factor below titled The impact of COVID-19 and related economic conditions could materially affect Kemper s results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity. In addition, the occurrence of such an event in a concentrated geographic area could have a severe disruptive effect on the Company s workforce and business operations. The likelihood and severity of such events cannot be predicted and are difficult to estimate. 
 Changes in the availability and cost of catastrophe reinsurance and in the ability of reinsurers to meet their obligations could result in Kemper s insurance subsidiaries retaining more risk and could adversely and materially affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. 
 Kemper s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries seek to reduce their exposure to catastrophe losses through the purchase of catastrophe reinsurance. Catastrophe reinsurance does not relieve these subsidiaries of their direct liability to their policyholders. As long as the reinsurers meet their obligations, the net liability for each subsidiary is limited to the amount of risk it retains. While Kemper s subsidiaries principal reinsurers are each rated A- or better by A.M. Best at the time reinsurance is purchased, the Company cannot be certain that reinsurers will pay the amounts due from them either now, in the future, or on a timely basis. A reinsurer s insolvency or inability to make payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement could materially and adversely affect the Company s financial position, results of operations and liquidity. 
 In addition, market conditions beyond the Company s control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection that Kemper s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries may purchase. A decrease in the amount of reinsurance coverage that these subsidiaries purchase generally should increase their risk of a more severe loss. If the amount of available reinsurance is reduced, the cost to obtain reinsurance may increase or Kemper s subsidiaries may be unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect their ability to write future insurance policies or result in their retaining more risk with respect to those policies. 
 The extent to which Kemper s insurance subsidiaries can manage their catastrophe exposure through underwriting strategies may be limited by law or regulatory action and could adversely and materially affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. 
 Kemper s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries also manage their exposure to catastrophe losses through underwriting strategies such as reducing exposures in, or withdrawing from, catastrophe-prone areas, establishing appropriate guidelines for insurable structures, and setting appropriate rates, deductibles, exclusions and policy limits. The extent to which Kemper s subsidiaries can manage their exposure through these strategies may be limited by law or regulatory action. For example, laws and regulations may limit the rate or timing at which insurers may not renew insurance policies in catastrophe-prone areas or require insurers to participate in wind pools and joint underwriting associations. Generally, participation in these pools and associations is based on an insurer s market share determined on a state-wide basis. Accordingly, even though Kemper s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries may not incur a direct insured loss as a result of managing direct catastrophe exposures, they may incur indirect losses from required participation in pools and associations. In addition, laws and regulations 
 
 17 

requiring prior approval of policy forms and premium rates may limit the ability of Kemper s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries to increase rates or deductibles on a timely basis, which may result in additional losses or lower returns than otherwise would have occurred in an unregulated market. 
 Risks Relating to Competition 
 A downgrade in the ratings of Kemper or its insurance subsidiaries below A- could materially and adversely affect the Company. 
 Third-party rating agencies assess the financial strength and rate the claims-paying ability of insurance companies based on criteria established by the rating agencies. Third-party ratings are important competitive factors in the insurance industry. Financial strength ratings are used to assess the financial strength and quality of insurers. Ratings agencies may downgrade the ratings of Kemper and/or its insurance subsidiaries or require Kemper to retain more capital in its insurance businesses to maintain existing ratings following developments that they deem negative. This can include factors directly related to the Company, such as an increase in the catastrophic risk retained by Kemper s insurance subsidiaries, or developments in industry or general economic conditions. A downgrade by A.M. Best in the ratings of Kemper s insurance subsidiaries below A-, particularly those operating in the preferred and standard market or offering homeowners insurance, could result in a substantial loss of business if independent agents and brokers or policyholders move to other companies with higher claims-paying and financial strength ratings. Any substantial loss of business could materially and adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of such subsidiaries. A downgrade in Kemper s credit rating by Standard Poor s S P ), Moody s Investors Services Moody s or Fitch Ratings Fitch may reduce Kemper s ability to cost-effectively access the capital markets or may increase the cost to refinance existing debt. 
 The insurance industry is highly competitive, making it difficult to grow profitability and within expectations of investors. 
 The Company s insurance businesses face significant competition, and their ability to compete is affected by a variety of issues relative to others in the industry, such as management effectiveness, product pricing, service quality, ease of doing business, innovation, financial strength and name recognition. Additionally, in recent years, various types of investors have increasingly sought to participate in the insurance industry. Well-capitalized new entrants to the property and casualty insurance industry, or existing competitors that receive substantial infusions of capital or access to third-party capital, provide increasing competition, which may adversely impact our business and profitability. Competitive success is based on many factors, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 Competitiveness of prices charged for insurance policies; 
 Sophistication of pricing segmentation; 
 Design and introduction of insurance products to meet emerging consumer trends; 
 Ability to attract and retain experienced industry talent; 
 Selection and retention of agents and other business partners; 
 Compensation paid to agents; 
 Underwriting discipline; 
 Selectiveness of sales markets; 
 Effectiveness of marketing materials and name recognition; 
 Product and technological innovation; 
 Effectiveness of online servicing platforms; 
 Ability to settle claims timely and efficiently; 
 Ability to detect and prevent fraudulent insurance claims; 
 Effectiveness of deployment and use of information technology across all aspects of operations; 
 Ability to control operating expenses; 
 Financial strength ratings; and 
 Quality of services provided to, and ease of doing business with, independent agents and brokers or policyholders. 
 The inability to compete effectively in any of the Company s insurance businesses could materially reduce the Company s customer base and revenues and could materially and adversely affect the future results and financial condition of the Company. 
 See Competition in Item 1 of Part I for more information on the competitive rankings in the property and casualty insurance markets and the life insurance markets, respectively, in the United States. 

18 

Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 Kemper s insurance subsidiaries are subject to significant regulation, and the evolving legal and regulatory landscape in which they operate could result in increased operating costs, reduced profitability and limited growth. 
 Kemper s insurance subsidiaries operate under an extensive insurance regulatory system. Current laws and regulations affect a wide variety of matters, including policy forms, premium rates, licensing, market conduct, trade practices, claims handling practices, reserve and loss ratio requirements, investment standards, statutory capital and surplus requirements, restrictions on the payment of dividends, approvals of transactions involving a change in control of one or more insurance companies, restrictions on transactions among affiliates, climate change, and consumer privacy and data security. Kemper subsidiaries must also file annual and quarterly financial reports and holding company reports. Pre-approval requirements often restrict or delay actions to implement premium rate changes for insurance policies, or to introduce new, or make changes to existing, policy forms and many other actions. These delays can adversely impact Kemper s business, especially where external factors, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may result in a pricing imbalance for the Company s insurance products. 
 Insurance regulators conduct periodic examinations of Kemper s insurance subsidiaries and can suspend or delay operations or licenses, require corrective actions, and impose penalties or other remedies available for compliance failures. For a more detailed discussion of the regulations applicable to Kemper s subsidiaries and related emerging developments, see Regulation in Item 1. 
 These laws and regulations, and their application by regulators and courts, are subject to continuous interpretation and revision. The legal and regulatory landscape within which Kemper s insurance subsidiaries conduct their businesses is often unpredictable. As industry practices and regulatory, judicial, political, social and other conditions change, new issues may emerge. These changes and emerging issues could adversely affect Kemper s business in a variety of ways, including, for example, by expanding coverages beyond the underwriting intent, increasing the number or size of claims increasing the likelihood of class-action suits and other legislative and judicial actions, accelerating the payment of claims, repealing or weakening tort reforms or otherwise adding to operational costs or adversely affecting the Company s competitive advantages. Practices in the industry or within the Company that were once considered approved, compliant and reasonable may suddenly be deemed unacceptable by virtue of a court or regulatory ruling or changes in regulatory enforcement policies and practices. It is not possible for the Company to predict such shifts in legal or regulatory enforcement or to accurately estimate the impact they may have on the Company and its operations. 
 One area where the legal and regulatory landscape experienced significant change is in connection with the mandated use of death verification databases by life insurance companies. A majority of states now have laws requiring insurers to proactively use such databases, including the Social Security Administration s Death Master File (the DMF ), in order to ascertain if an insured may be deceased. Kemper cannot predict whether additional states will enact similar legislation. These laws require the insurer to initiate the claims process even though the insureds beneficiaries have not submitted a claim and the insurer was otherwise unaware of the insured s death. In a related development, many states expanded their unclaimed property laws, particularly as they relate to life insurance proceeds, and have examined life insurance companies with respect to the reporting and remittance of such proceeds under these laws. The push to alter practices previously considered lawful and appropriate relative to both claims handling and remittance of life insurance proceeds has led to the Company s involvement in compliance audits, market conduct examinations and litigation. The Company has a comprehensive process in place to compare life insurance records against the DMF and other databases to determine if any of its insureds may be deceased. See Note 2, Summary of Accounting Policies and Accounting Changes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 In addition, there is increased legislative and regulatory focus on cybersecurity and on amendments to state holding company laws that expand the oversight and examination powers of insurance regulators beyond licensed insurance companies to include non-insurance affiliates and their organizations as a whole, particularly with respect to enterprise risk. See the discussion of these matters under Regulation in Item 1. 
 These developments and significant changes in, or new interpretations of, existing laws and regulations could make it more expensive for Kemper s insurance subsidiaries to conduct and grow their businesses which could materially impact the Company s operating results. 

19 

Kemper has a significant concentration of personal automobile insurance business in California and Florida, and negative developments in the regulatory, legal or economic conditions in these states may adversely affect the Company s profitability. 
 California and Florida represented 69 of the Company s total personal automobile insurance gross written premiums in 2022. Consequently, the dynamic nature of regulatory, legal, competitive and economic conditions in these states affects Kemper s revenues and profitability. For example, in Florida, recent unfavorable court decisions to the insurance industry for Florida personal injury protection PIP resulting in increased severity in PIP coverage has resulted in significant adverse loss and LAE reserve development in 2021. Further, both California and Florida have regulations that limit the after-tax return on underwriting profit allowed for an insurer. Changes in any of these conditions could negatively impact the Company's results of operations. 
 Legal and regulatory proceedings are unpredictable and could produce one or more unexpected outcomes that could materially and adversely affect the Company s financial results for any given period. 
 Kemper and its subsidiaries are from time to time involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of their businesses. Some of these proceedings may involve matters particular to Kemper or one or more of its subsidiaries, while others may pertain to industry business practices. Some lawsuits may seek class action status that, if granted, could expose the Company to potentially significant liability by virtue of the size of the punitive classes. These matters often raise difficult factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties and complexities. The outcomes of these matters are difficult to predict, and the amounts or ranges of potential loss at particular stages in the proceedings are in most cases difficult or impossible to ascertain. Even where the possibility of an adverse outcome is remote under traditional legal analysis, juries sometimes substitute their subjective views in place of facts and established legal principles. Given the unpredictability of the legal and regulatory landscape in which the Company operates, there can be no assurance that one or more of these matters will not produce a result that could materially and adversely affect the Company s financial results for any given period. 
 For information about the Company s pending legal proceedings, see Note 26, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Changes in the availability of insurance coverage or in the ability of insurers to meet their obligations could result in the Company being exposed to significant losses. 
 Kemper maintains insurance coverage to limit its risk exposure to certain perils, including cybersecurity, errors and omissions, directors and officers liability insurance, and other financial indemnity coverages. The availability of these coverages could be significantly reduced in the future and there is no guarantee that if coverage is available it will be in an amount sufficient to cover the losses of one or more covered incidents or on terms that Kemper finds acceptable. An insurer s insolvency or inability to make payments under the insurance coverage it provides to Kemper could also result in Kemper being exposed to significant losses. 
 The Company could be adversely affected by future changes in U.S. Federal income tax laws 
 Changes to tax laws or interpretation of such laws could increase Kemper s corporate tax and reduce earnings. It is possible that tax law could be changed through a technical corrections bill or with entirely new legislation or be interpreted by regulatory authorities in a manner different than the Company s interpretation. It is difficult to predict whether there will be any tax law changes, guidance issued by tax authorities or other interpretations which would have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition, as the impact of proposals on our business can vary substantially depending upon the specific changes or further guidance made and how the changes or guidance are implemented by the taxing authorities. 
 If our controls designed to ensure compliance with guidelines, policies and legal and regulatory standards are not effective, the Company could be adversely affected. 
 
 Kemper s business is highly dependent on its ability engage on a real-time basis in a large number of insurance underwriting, claim processing and investment activities, and these are highly sophisticated yet complicated and constantly evolving. These activities are frequently subject to internal guidelines and policies, as well as legal and regulatory standards. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. If the Company s controls are not effective (including with respect to the prevention or identification of misconduct by employees or others with whom we do business), it could lead to financial loss, unanticipated risk exposure (including 
 
 20 

underwriting, credit and investment risk), errors in financial reporting, litigation, regulatory proceedings or damage to our reputation. 
 
 Risks Relating to Security of Personal Data, Availability of Critical Systems, and Technology Initiatives 
 Failure to protect against system security breaches that compromise personal data held by the Company or its business partners could result in business interruption, legal and consulting fees, regulatory penalties, litigation, lost business, reputational harm, and other liabilities and expenses. 
 Kemper s insurance subsidiaries obtain, process and store vast amounts of personal data that can present significant risks to the Company and its customers, employees and other affected individuals. An increasing array of laws and regulations govern the use, transfer and storage of such data, including, for example, social security numbers, credit card data, driver s license numbers and protected health information. The Company uses an array of sophisticated security measures and policies and procedures designed to enhance security of the Company s data systems. Notwithstanding these efforts, the Company s data systems, as well as those of third party administrators and other business partners working on behalf of the Company, are vulnerable to security breaches due to the increasing sophistication and frequency of cyber attacks, viruses, ransomware, spyware and other malware and infiltration methods, hackers and other external hazards, as well as equipment and system failures and inadvertent errors, negligence or intentional misconduct of employees and/or contractors. The Company also relies on the ability of its business partners to maintain secure systems and processes that comply with legal requirements and protect personal data. The Company and its third party administrators and other business partners regularly defend against and respond to data security threats and investigate and remediate breaches that have occurred. 
 System security breaches can result in data loss, business interruption, reputational damages, ransom demands, investigations and litigation. The Company has been and may continue to be exposed to damages, regulatory penalties and other liabilities, reputational risk and significant increases in compliance and litigation costs. 
 If Kemper is unable to send or accept electronic payments, our business and financial results could be adversely affecte d. 
 The Company relies increasingly on electronic payments from policyholders, including, but not limited to, payment by credit and debit cards. Kemper s ability to use electronic payments depends on its ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations and with the rules of the various payment networks. Failure to maintain compliance with laws and industry rules and regulations governing such transactions could result in additional costs and damages. For example, in the event of non-compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, an information security framework for organizations that handle cardholder information for the major debit, credit, prepaid, and other payment card methods, Kemper s insurance subsidiaries could be prohibited from collecting premium payments from customers by way of such methods and be subject to significant fines. 
 Failure to maintain the availability of critical systems could result in business interruption, lost business, reputational harm, penalties and other costs. 
 The Company s business operations rely on the continuous availability of its own computer systems, systems and software hosted by vendors, and computer systems used by third party administrators and contractors working on behalf of the Company. From time to time these systems have been, and may again be, adversely affected or disrupted by cyber attacks or other data breaches, natural and man-made catastrophes or other significant events. The failure of the Company, or its third party administrators or other business partners, to maintain business continuity in the wake of such events may prevent the timely performance of critical processes across its operations, including, for example, insurance policy administration, claims processing, billing, payment processing, treasury and investment operations and payroll and other employer-related functions. These failures could result in significant loss of business, increased costs, fines and other adverse consequences. 
 Technology initiatives could present significant economic and competitive challenges to the Company. Failure to complete and implement such initiatives in a timely manner could result in the loss of business and incurrence of internal use software development costs that may not be recoverable. 
 Data and analytics play an increasingly important role in the insurance industry. The Company may periodically initiate multi-year technology projects to enhance operations or replace systems. While technology developments can facilitate the use and enhance the value of data and analytics, streamline business processes and ultimately reduce the cost of operations, technology initiatives can present significant economic and organizational challenges to the Company and potential short-term cost and implementation risks. In addition, projections of expenses and implementation schedules could change materially and costs could escalate over time, while the ultimate utility of a technology initiative could deteriorate over time or system development 
 
 21 

projects may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected. If the Company does not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology portfolio, or if the costs of doing so are higher than expected, the Company s ability to provide competitive services to, and conduct business with, new and existing customers in a cost effective manner and the Company s ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted. 
 Due to the highly-regulated nature of the financial services industry, the Company also faces rising costs and competing time constraints in adapting technology to meet compliance requirements of new and proposed regulations. The costs to develop and implement systems to replace the Company s existing systems and to comply with new regulatory requirements as needed are expected to be material. Due to the complexities involved, there can be no assurances that new system development and implementation projects will be successful, that the costs for such projects will not exceed estimates and that the incurred costs will be recoverable. Furthermore, failure to implement replacement systems in a timely manner could result in loss of business from the Company s delay or inability to design and introduce new insurance products that meet emerging consumer needs and competitive trends. 
 Risks Relating to Investments 
 The Company s investment portfolio is exposed to a variety of risks that may negatively impact net investment income, the change in fair value of equity and convertible securities and cause realized and unrealized losses. 
 The Company maintains a diversified investment portfolio that is exposed to significant financial and capital market risks, including interest rate (risk-free and spread), equity price, and liquidity, as well as risks from changes in tax laws and regulations and other risks from changes in general economic conditions. 
 The interest rate environment has a significant impact on the Company s financial results and position. An increase in interest rates or credit spreads would generally reduce the carrying value of the Company s investment portfolio, particularly fixed income securities, and limited liability investment companies and limited partnerships accounted for under the equity method of accounting Equity Method Limited Liability Investments that invest in distressed and mezzanine debt of other companies that exhibit debt-like characteristics. A decline in interest rates would adversely affect the Company s investment income as it invests cash in new investments that may yield less than the portfolio s average rate. In a declining interest rate environment, borrowers may seek to refinance their borrowings at lower rates and, accordingly, prepay or redeem securities the Company holds as investments more quickly than the Company initially expected. Such prepayment or redemption action may cause the Company to reinvest the redeemed proceeds in lower yielding investments. 
 Kemper s Life business writes long duration insurance contracts which are priced in consideration of the interest rate environment. If the Company is not able to purchase investments that match that duration of the liabilities and there is a decline in interest rates, the Company could experience a significant deterioration in results. 
 The Company invests a portion of its investment portfolio in equity securities, which generally have more volatile returns than fixed income securities and may experience sustained periods of depressed values. There are multiple factors that could negatively impact the performance of the Company s equity portfolio, including general economic conditions, industry or sector deterioration and issuer-specific concerns. A decline in equity values will result in losses being recognized by the Company in the period such change in fair value occurs, which may be significant. In addition, a decline in equity values may result in a decrease in dividend income. 
 Interest rates and equity returns also have a significant impact on the Company s pension and other post-retirement employee benefit plans. In addition to the impact on carrying values and yields of the underlying assets of the funded plans, interest rates also impact the discounting of the projected and accumulated benefit obligations of the plans. A decrease in interest rates may have a negative impact on the funded status of the plans. 
 The nature and cash flow needs of the Company present certain liquidity risks that may impact the return of the investment portfolio. If the Company were to experience several significant catastrophic events over a relatively short period of time, investments may have to be sold in advance of their maturity dates to fund payments to claimants, which could result in realized losses. Additionally, increases in illiquidity in the financial markets may increase uncertainty in the valuations of the Company s investments. This increases the risk that the fair values reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements may differ from the actual price that may be obtained in an orderly sales transaction. 
 The Company has also benefited from certain tax laws related to its investment portfolio, including dividends received deductions and tax-exempt investment income. Changes in tax laws may have a detrimental effect on the after-tax return of the Company s investment portfolio. A reduction in income tax rates could also reduce the demand for tax-preferenced securities and result in a decline in the value of the Company s investment portfolio of such securities. 
 
 22 

The Company s entire investment portfolio is subject to broad risks inherent in the financial markets, including, but not limited to, inflation, regulatory changes, inactive capital markets, governmental and social stability, economic outlooks, unemployment, and recession. Changes to these risks and how the market perceives them may impact the financial performance of the Company s investments, and in such cases, more securities may require additional subjectivity and management judgment. 
 Kemper and its insurance subsidiaries are subject to various capital adequacy measurements that are significantly impacted by various characteristics of their invested assets, including, but not limited to, asset type, class, duration and credit rating. The Company s insurance subsidiaries are also subject to various limitations on the amounts at which they can invest in individual assets or certain asset classes in the aggregate. Asset risk is one factor used by insurance regulators and rating agencies to determine required capital for Kemper s insurance subsidiaries. Accordingly, a deterioration in the quality of the investments held by Kemper s insurance subsidiaries or an increase in the investment risk inherent in their investment portfolios could increase capital requirements. See the risk factor below titled The ability of Kemper to service its debt, pay dividends to its shareholders and/or fund targeted transactions may be materially impacted by lack of timely and/or sufficient dividends received from its subsidiaries. These factors may inhibit the Company from shifting its investment mix to produce higher returns. The Company is also subject to concentration of investment risk to the extent that the portfolio is heavily invested, at any particular time, in specific asset types, classes, industries, sectors or collateral types, among other defining features. Developments and the market s perception thereof in any of these concentrations may exacerbate the negative effects on the Company s investment portfolio compared to other companies. 
 The determination of the fair values of the Company s investments and whether a decline in the fair value of an investment is other-than-temporary are based on management s judgment and may prove to be materially different than the actual economic outcome. 
 The Company holds a significant amount of assets without readily available, active, quoted market prices or for which fair value cannot be measured from actively quoted prices. These assets are generally deemed to require a higher degree of judgment in measuring fair value. The assumptions used by management to measure fair values could turn out to be different than the actual amounts that may be realized in an orderly transaction with a willing market participant could be either lower or higher than the Company s estimates of fair value. 
 The Company reviews its investment portfolio for factors that may indicate that a decline in the fair value of an investment is other-than-temporary. This evaluation is based on subjective factors, assumptions and estimates and may be materially different than the actual economic outcome, which may result in the Company recognizing additional losses in the future as new information emerges or recognizing losses currently that may never materialize in the future in an orderly transaction with a willing market participant. 
 Risks Relating to Servicing Debt, Paying Dividends and/or Fund Targeted Transactions 
 The ability of Kemper to service its debt, pay dividends to its shareholders and/or fund targeted transactions may be materially impacted by lack of timely and/or sufficient dividends received from its subsidiaries. 
 As a holding company, Kemper depends on the dividend income that it receives from its subsidiaries as a primary source of funds to meet its payment obligations. Kemper s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions under insurance laws and regulations that limit their ability to declare and pay dividends. These laws and regulations impose minimum solvency and liquidity requirements on dividends between affiliated companies and require prior notice to, and may require approval from, state insurance regulators before dividends can be paid. In addition, third-party rating agencies monitor statutory capital and surplus levels for capital adequacy. Even though a dividend may be payable without regulatory approval, an insurance subsidiary may forgo paying a dividend to Kemper and retain the capital to maintain or improve ratings or to offset increases in required capital from increases in premium volume or investment risk. The inability of one or more of Kemper s insurance subsidiaries to pay sufficient dividends to Kemper may materially affect Kemper s ability to pay its debt obligations on time, pay dividends to its shareholders or undertake funding for targeted transactions. 
 General Risks Relating to Mergers, Acquisitions, Divestitures, and/or other Strategic Initiatives 
 The expected benefits and synergies from mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, and/or other new strategic initiatives may not be realized to the extent anticipated or within the anticipated time frames. 
 The Company routinely evaluates opportunities for transactions such as mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, and/or other strategic initiatives that would enhance its business and align with the Company s strategic plans. Kemper s ability to achieve 
 
 23 

the anticipated financial benefits from transactions may not be realized due to any number of factors, including, but not limited to, integration or execution difficulties or failures that may result in substantial disruptions, costs, or delays and adversely affect the Company s ability to compete, the loss of key agents/brokers, customers or employees, unexpected or underestimated liabilities, increased costs, fees, expenses and charges related to transactions, or may be delayed by factors outside of the Company s control. Furthermore, these adverse events could result in a decrease in the estimated fair value of goodwill or other intangible assets established as a result of such transactions, triggering an impairment. Failure to successfully and timely realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions or initiatives could have a negative impact on Kemper s financial condition, profitability, and results from operations. 
 Risks Relating to COVID-19 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic conditions have had and could continue to have a material effect on Kemper s results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity. 
 Beginning in March 2020, the global pandemic related to the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19 began to adversely impact the global economy and resulted in an enormous global economic downturn, including in the United States where the Company predominantly conducts its operations. While overall economic activity rebounded significantly in 2022, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continued throughout 2022. 
 As the result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related economic consequences, including governmental responses to the pandemic and the effects of the dramatic surge in economic activity as pandemic lockdowns ended, the Company experienced in 2022 a significant increase in loss frequency and severity in its Property and Casualty line of business. In addition, COVID s emerging variants, now and in the future, may result in increased mortality, which may adversely affect the Life business. As the impact of the pandemic continues to be felt, the Company could be subject to the following risks, any of which could individually or collectively have a material, adverse effect on its business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations as a result of COVID-19: 
 Adverse impact on economic conditions, including increased rate of inflation, negative impact on employment levels, supply chain disruptions, and changing consumer patterns that could impact Kemper s businesses 
 Adverse impact on investment portfolio as a result of ratings downgrades, increased bankruptcies and credit spread widening in distressed industries 
 Increase in estimated credit losses on fixed maturity investments held at fair value as well as other investments and receivables from policyholders 
 Increased cybersecurity and business interruption risk resulting from an increased overall reliance on our IT infrastructure due to a distributed workforce 
 Increased risk to key employees should a variant emerge and dominate a region of the United States 
 
 Risks Relating to General Economic and Market Factors 
 Changes in the global economy and capital markets could adversely impact the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 Significant changes in the economic and capital market environment could adversely affect consumer demands for the Company s products, results of operations, investment returns and financial condition. The following are examples of economic market conditions that could adversely affect the Company s financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations: 
 Volatility in debt and equity markets 
 Changes in interest rates 
 Increases in inflation 
 Reduced availability of credit 
 Economic downturns 
 Increased unemployment and reduced consumer spending 
 
 Stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets or financial asset classes could adversely affect our investment portfolio. 

24 

The Company s deferred tax assets could become impaired which would adversely impact the Company s results of operations and financial condition . 
 The realization of deferred tax assets depends on the recognition of sufficient taxable income and character. If future events differ from our current forecasts, it is possible we could determine that some or all of our gross deferred tax assets cannot be realized and a deferred tax valuation allowance would be recorded as an adverse charge. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 The Company has no unresolved staff comments issued more than 180 days before December 31, 2022, the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Owned Properties 
 Kemper s subsidiaries together own and occupy twelve buildings located in seven states consisting of approximately 403,000 square feet in the aggregate. Kemper s subsidiaries hold, solely for investment purposes, additional properties that are not occupied by Kemper or its subsidiaries. Included in Kemper s owned and occupied properties is a corporate data processing facility with aggregate square footage of approximately 110,000 square feet. 
 Leased Facilities 
 The Company leases four floors, or approximately 92,000 square feet, in an 83-story office building in Chicago, Illinois, for its corporate headquarters. The lease expires on December 31, 2033. Kemper s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries lease facilities with an aggregate square footage of approximately 581,000 at 18 locations in nine states. The latest expiration date of the existing leases is in June 2031. Kemper s life and health insurance subsidiaries lease facilities with aggregate square footage of approximately 376,000 at 98 locations in 23 states. The latest expiration date of the existing leases is in September 2029. 
 The properties described above are in good condition. The properties utilized in the Company s operations consist of facilities suitable for general office space, call centers and data processing operations. Leased properties with aggregate square footage of 280,000 are not currently utilized in the Company's operations and are not expected to be utilized by the Company throughout the remainder of their respective lease terms. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Proceedings 
 Information concerning pending legal proceedings is incorporated herein by reference to Note 26, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Kemper s common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol of KMPR. 
 
 Holders 
 As of January 31, 2023, the number of record holders of Kemper s common stock was 2,715. 

25 

Dividends 
 Quarterly information pertaining to payment of dividends on Kemper s common stock is presented below. 
 DOLLARS PER SHARE Three Months Ended Year Ended Mar 31, 2022 Jun 30, 2022 Sep 30, 2022 Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2022 Cash Dividends Paid to Shareholders (per share) 0.31 0.31 0.31 0.31 1.24 Three Months Ended Year Ended DOLLARS PER SHARE Mar 31, 2021 Jun 30, 2021 Sep 30, 2021 Dec 31, 2021 Dec 31, 2021 Cash Dividends Paid to Shareholders (per share) 0.31 0.31 0.31 0.31 1.24 
 Kemper s insurance subsidiaries are subject to various state insurance laws that may restrict the ability of these insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends without prior regulatory approval. See MD A, Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 16, Shareholders Equity, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on Kemper s ability and intent to pay dividends. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On May 6, 2020, Kemper s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 200.0 million of Kemper common stock, in addition to the 133.3 million remaining under the August 6, 2014 authorization, bringing the remaining share repurchase authorization to approximately 333.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining share repurchase authorization was 171.6 million under the repurchase program. 
 During the year ended 2022 Kemper did not repurchase any of its common stock. During the years ended 2021 and 2020 Kemper repurchased and retired approximately 2,085,000 and 1,617,000 shares, respectively, of its common stock under its share repurchase authorization for an aggregate cost of 161.7 million and 110.4 million and an average cost per share of 77.58 and 68.29, respectively. 
 These purchases were made in the open market in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

26 

Kemper Common Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in (i) Kemper common stock, (ii) the S P MidCap 400 Index and (iii) the S P Supercomposite Insurance Index, in each case with dividends reinvested. Kemper is a constituent of each of these two indices. 
 The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not intended to forecast the possible future performance of Kemper common stock. 
 
 Company / Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Kemper Corporation 100.00 97.70 115.57 116.54 90.78 77.89 S P MidCap 400 Index 100.00 88.92 112.21 127.54 159.12 138.34 S P Supercomposite Insurance Index 100.00 90.33 116.11 114.60 148.83 162.71 
 
 27 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 28 

MDA Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Index to 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Summary of Results 30 
 Catastrophes 31 
 Loss and LAE Reserve Development 32 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 33 
 Specialty Property Casualty Insurance 35 
 Preferred Property Casualty Insurance 39 
 Life Health Insurance 44 
 Investment Results 48 
 Investment Quality and Concentrations 50 
 Investments in Limited Liability Companies and Limited Partnerships 53 
 Insurance, Interest and Other Expenses 54 
 Income Taxes 54 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 55 
 Contractual Obligations 58 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 58 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 64 

29 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

SUMMARY OF RESULTS 
 Net Loss was 301.2 million (4.72) per unrestricted common share) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to Net Loss of 120.5 million (1.87) per unrestricted common share) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 A reconciliation of Net (Loss) Income to Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating (Loss) Income (a non-GAAP financial measure) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 Change 
 in Loss 
 from 2021 
 to 2022 
 2020 Change 
 in (Loss) Income 
 from 2020 
 to 2021 
 Net (Loss) Income (301.2) (120.5) (180.7) 409.9 (530.4) Less: 
 (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities (63.1) 90.5 (153.6) 57.0 33.5 Net Realized Investment Gains 3.4 51.2 (47.8) 30.1 21.1 Impairment Losses (20.4) (8.7) (11.7) (15.4) 6.7 Acquisition and Disposition Related Transaction, Integration, Restructuring and Other Costs (61.3) (34.7) (26.6) (50.0) 15.3 Debt Extinguishment, Pension and Other Charges (2.9) (2.9) (50.6) 50.6 Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating (Loss) Income (156.9) (218.8) 61.9 438.8 (657.6) Components of Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating (Loss) Income: Segment Net Operating (Loss) Income: Specialty Property Casualty Insurance 
 (147.4) (196.1) 48.7 337.9 (534.0) Preferred Property Casualty Insurance 
 (25.9) (12.5) (13.4) 3.5 (16.0) Life Health Insurance 
 54.2 28.2 26.0 60.0 (31.8) Segment Net Operating (Loss) Income (119.1) (180.4) 61.3 401.4 (581.8) Corporate and Other Net Operating (Loss) Income From: Partial Satisfaction of Judgment 
 70.6 (70.6) Other 
 (37.8) (38.4) 0.6 (33.2) (5.2) Corporate and Other Net Operating (Loss) Income (37.8) (38.4) 0.6 37.4 (75.8) Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating (Loss) Income (156.9) (218.8) 61.9 438.8 (657.6) 
 Net (Loss) Income 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Net Loss increased by 180.7 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to increased losses from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible securities, decreased Net Realized Investment Gains, and increased Acquisition and Disposition Related Transaction, Integration, Restructuring and Other Costs, partially offset by lower Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating Losses. Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating Loss decreased by 61.9 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower Specialty Property Casualty Segment Insurance Net Operating Loss, higher Life Health Insurance Segment Net Operating Income and lower Corporate and Other Net Operating Losses, partially offset by higher Preferred Property Casualty Net Operating Losses. 
 See MD A, Specialty Property Casualty Insurance , Preferred Property Casualty Insurance and Life Health Insurance, for discussion of each respective segment s results. Corporate and Other Net Operating Loss decreased due primarily to increased Net Investment Income. 
 The Company s investment results were unfavorable in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily driven by a 153.6 million after-tax decrease from the change in fair value of the equity and convertible securities, 47.8 million after-tax decrease from net realized gains on sales of investments, and 11.7 million after-tax increase in impairment losses. See MD A, Investment Results, MD A, Income Taxes, and Note 26, Contingencies. to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. 
 
 30 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

SUMMARY OF RESULTS (Continued) 
 Revenues 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Earned Premiums were 5,266.3 million in 2022, compared to 5,253.7 million in 2021, an increase of 12.6 million. Earned Premiums in the Specialty Property Casualty Insurance segment increased by 97.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Earned Premiums in the Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment decreased by 56.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. See MD A, Specialty Property Casualty Insurance and Preferred Property Casualty Insurance for discussion of the changes in each segment s earned premiums. 
 Net Investment Income decreased by 4.7 million in 2022 due primarily to lower valuations on Equity Method Limited Liability Investments, lower balances in Equity Securities, and lower rate on Fixed Income Securities, partially offset by higher levels of investments in Fixed Income Securities and Company-Owned Life Insurance. 
 Loss related to Changes in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments was 19.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of 61.2 million for the same period in 2021. Tax benefits related to the Alternative Energy Partnership Investments were 8.0 million, compared to tax benefits of 79.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This resulted in a net loss of 11.9 million and a net income of 17.8 million attributable to Alternative Energy Partnership Investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Other Income increased by 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments were 4.3 million in 2022, compared to 64.8 million in 2021. Impairment Losses were 25.8 million in 2022, compared to 11.0 million for the same period in 2021. 
 See MD A, Investment Results, under the sub-captions Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments and Impairment Losses for additional discussion. The Company cannot predict if or when similar investment gains or losses may occur in the future. 
 
 CATASTROPHES 
 Catastrophes and natural disasters are inherent risks of the property and casualty insurance business. These catastrophic events and natural disasters include, without limitation, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, hailstorms, wildfires, high winds and winter storms. Such events result in insured losses that are, and will continue to be, a material factor in the results of operations and financial position of the Company s property and casualty insurance companies. Further, because the level of these insured losses occurring in any one year cannot be accurately predicted, these losses may contribute to material year-to-year fluctuations in the results of operations and financial position of these companies. Specific types of catastrophic events are more likely to occur at certain times within the year than others. This factor adds an element of seasonality to property and casualty insurance claims. The Company has adopted the industry-wide catastrophe classifications of storms and other events promulgated by ISO to track and report losses related to catastrophes. ISO classifies a disaster as a catastrophe when the event causes 25.0 million or more in direct insured losses to property and affects a significant number of policyholders and insurers. ISO-classified catastrophes are assigned a unique serial number recognized throughout the insurance industry. 

31 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

CATASTROPHES (Continued) 
 The number of ISO-classified catastrophic events and catastrophe losses and LAE, net of reinsurance recoveries, (excluding loss and LAE reserve development) by range of loss and business segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented below. 
 Year Ended Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Dec 31, 2020 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Number of Events Losses and LAE Number of Events Losses and LAE Number of Events Losses and LAE Range of Losses and LAE Per Event: 
 Below 5 59 54.6 65 56.1 60 51.2 5 - 10 2 10.2 2 16.5 5 40.2 10 - 15 1 14.5 15 - 20 2 35.2 1 15.3 20 - 25 Greater Than 25 Total 62 79.3 69 107.8 66 106.7 Specialty Property Casualty Insurance 23.0 15.7 12.3 Preferred Property Casualty Insurance 54.5 79.1 82.0 Life Health Insurance 1.8 13.0 12.4 Total Catastrophe Losses and LAE 79.3 107.8 106.7 
 Catastrophe Reinsurance 
 The Company primarily manages its exposure to catastrophes and other natural disasters through a combination of geographical diversification, restrictions on the amount and location of new business production in such regions, modifications of, and/or limitations to coverages and deductibles for certain perils in such regions and a catastrophe reinsurance program for the Company s Specialty Property Casualty Insurance and Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segments. Coverage under the catastrophe reinsurance program is provided in various contracts and layers. The Company s Specialty Property Casualty Insurance and Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segments also purchase reinsurance from the FHCF for hurricane losses in Florida at retentions lower than its catastrophe reinsurance program. The Life Health Insurance segment also purchases reinsurance from the FHCF for hurricane losses in Florida and is party to the Property Casualty catastrophe reinsurance program for its Kemper Home Service companies. 
 The Company had no material recoveries under its catastrophe reinsurance treaties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. See the Reinsurance subsection of the Property and Casualty Insurance Business and Life and Health Insurance Business sections of Item 1(c), Description of Business, and Note 23, Catastrophe Reinsurance, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company s reinsurance programs. 
 
 LOSS AND LAE RESERVE DEVELOPMENT 
 Increases (decreases) in the Company s property and casualty loss and LAE reserves for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 to recognize adverse (favorable) loss and LAE reserve development from prior accident years in continuing operations, hereinafter also referred to as reserve development in the discussion of segment results, are presented below . 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) in Total Loss and LAE Reserves Related to Prior Years: 
 Non-catastrophe (10.5) 112.1 36.2 Catastrophe (4.1) (5.4) 0.2 Increase (Decrease) in Total Loss and LAE Reserves Related to Prior Years 
 (14.6) 106.7 36.4 
 See MD A, Specialty Property Casualty Insurance, MD A, Preferred Property Casualty Insurance, MD A, Life Health Insurance, and Note 7, Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
 
 32 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

LOSS AND LAE RESERVE DEVELOPMENT (Continued) 
 additional information on the Company s reserve development. See MD A, Critical Accounting Estimates, of this 2022 Annual Report for additional information pertaining to the Company s process of estimating property and casualty insurance reserves for losses and LAE, and the estimated variability thereof, development of property and casualty insurance losses and LAE, and a discussion of some of the variables that may impact them. 
 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, the Company is required to file consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The Company is permitted to include non-GAAP financial measures in its filings provided that they are defined along with an explanation of their usefulness to investors, are no more prominent than the comparable GAAP financial measures and are reconciled to such GAAP financial measures. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for the comparable GAAP financial measures, as they do not fully recognize the overall profitability of the Company s businesses. 
 Underlying Losses and LAE and Underlying Combined Ratio 
 
 The following discussion of segment results uses the non-GAAP financial measures of (i) Underlying Losses and LAE and (ii) Underlying Combined Ratio. Underlying Losses and LAE (also referred to in the discussion as Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE exclude the impact of catastrophe losses and loss and LAE reserve development from prior years from the Company s Incurred Losses and LAE, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 The Underlying Combined Ratio is computed by adding the Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio with the Insurance Expense Ratio. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is the Combined Ratio, which is computed by adding Total Incurred Losses and LAE Ratio, including the impact of catastrophe losses and loss and LAE reserve development from prior years, with the Insurance Expense Ratio. 
 The Company believes Underlying Losses and LAE and the Underlying Combined Ratio are useful to investors and uses these financial measures to reveal the trends in the Company s Property Casualty Insurance segment that may be obscured by catastrophe losses and prior-year reserve development. These catastrophe losses may cause the Company s loss trends to vary significantly between periods as a result of their incidence of occurrence and magnitude and can have a significant impact on incurred losses and LAE and the Combined Ratio. Prior-year reserve developments are caused by unexpected loss development on historical reserves. Because reserve development relates to the re-estimation of losses from earlier periods, it has no bearing on the performance of the Company s insurance products in the current period. The Company believes it is useful for investors to evaluate these components separately and in the aggregate when reviewing the Company s underwriting performance. 
 Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating (Loss) Income 
 Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating (Loss) Income is an after-tax, non-GAAP financial measure and is computed by excluding from Net (Loss) Income the after-tax impact of: 
 (i) (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities; 
 (ii) Net Realized Gains or Losses on Sales of Investments; 
 (iii) Impairment Losses; 
 (iv) Acquisition and Disposition Related Transaction, Integration, Restructuring and Other Costs; 
 (v) Debt Extinguishment, Pension and Other Charges; and 
 (vi) Significant non-recurring or infrequent items that may not be indicative of ongoing operations 
 Significant non-recurring items are excluded when (a) the nature of the charge or gain is such that it is reasonably unlikely to recur within two years, and (b) there has been no similar charge or gain within the prior two years. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is Net (Loss) Income. There were no applicable significant non-recurring items that the Company excluded from the calculation of Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating (Loss) Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 33 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (Continued) 
 The Company believes that Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating (Loss) Income provides investors with a valuable measure of its ongoing performance because it reveals underlying operational performance trends that otherwise might be less apparent if the items were not excluded. (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities, Net Realized Gains or Losses on Sales of Investments and Impairment Losses related to investments included in the Company s results may vary significantly between periods and are generally driven by business decisions and external economic developments such as capital market conditions that impact the values of the Company s investments, the timing of which is unrelated to the insurance underwriting process. Acquisition and Disposition Related Transaction Costs, Integration Costs, and Restructuring and Other Costs may vary significantly between periods and are generally driven by the timing of acquisitions and business decisions which are unrelated to the insurance underwriting process. Debt Extinguishment, Pension and Other Charges relate to (i) loss from early extinguishment of debt, which is driven by the Company s financing and refinancing decisions and capital needs, as well as external economic developments such as debt market conditions, the timing of which is unrelated to the insurance underwriting process; (ii) settlement of pension plan obligations which are business decisions made by the Company, the timing of which is unrelated to the underwriting process; and (iii) other charges that are non-standard, not part of the ordinary course of business, and unrelated to the insurance underwriting process. Significant non-recurring items are excluded because, by their nature, they are not indicative of the Company s business or economic trends. 
 The preceding non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for the comparable GAAP financial measures, as they do not fully recognize the overall profitability of the Company s businesses. 
 
 34 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

SPECIALTY PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE 
 Selected financial information for the Specialty Property Casualty Insurance segment is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Net Premiums Written 3,934.4 4,057.3 3,435.5 Earned Premiums 4,046.4 3,948.5 3,335.3 Net Investment Income 140.7 152.5 114.1 Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments (9.9) (29.0) Other Income 6.0 4.1 1.8 Total Revenues 4,183.2 4,076.1 3,451.2 Incurred Losses and LAE related to: Current Year: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 3,569.2 3,480.3 2,350.8 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 23.0 15.7 12.3 Prior Years: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE (14.6) 97.4 15.1 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 0.6 0.3 0.2 Total Incurred Losses and LAE 3,578.2 3,593.7 2,378.4 Insurance Expenses 801.9 774.5 651.9 Operating (Loss) Income (196.9) (292.1) 420.9 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 49.5 96.0 (83.0) Segment Net Operating (Loss) Income (147.4) (196.1) 337.9 Ratios Based On Earned Premiums Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 88.2 88.1 70.4 Current Year Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 0.6 0.4 0.4 Prior Years Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio (0.4) 2.5 0.5 Prior Years Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio Total Incurred Loss and LAE Ratio 88.4 91.0 71.3 Insurance Expense Ratio 19.8 19.6 19.5 Combined Ratio 108.2 110.6 90.8 Underlying Combined Ratio Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 88.2 88.1 70.4 Insurance Expense Ratio 19.8 19.6 19.5 Underlying Combined Ratio 108.0 107.7 89.9 Non-GAAP Measure Reconciliation Combined Ratio 108.2 110.6 90.8 Less: Current Year Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 0.6 0.4 0.4 Prior Years Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio (0.4) 2.5 0.5 Prior Years Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio Underlying Combined Ratio 108.0 107.7 89.9 
 
 35 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

SPECIALTY PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE (Continued) 
 INSURANCE RESERVES 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Insurance Reserves: Personal Automobile 1,875.8 1,985.8 Commercial Automobile 445.3 333.9 Total Insurance Reserves 2,321.1 2,319.7 Insurance Reserves: Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves: Case and Allocated LAE 1,099.9 1,157.9 Incurred But Not Reported 1,041.2 953.0 Total Loss and LAE Reserves 2,141.1 2,110.9 Unallocated LAE Reserves 180.0 208.8 Total Insurance Reserves 2,321.1 2,319.7 
 See MD A, Critical Accounting Estimates, under the caption Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses for additional information pertaining to the Company s process of estimating property and casualty insurance reserves for losses and LAE, development of property and casualty insurance losses and LAE from prior accident years, also referred to as reserve development in the discussion of segment results, estimated variability of property and casualty insurance reserves for losses and LAE, and a discussion of some of the variables that may impact development of property and casualty insurance losses and LAE and the estimated variability of property and casualty insurance reserves for losses and LAE. 
 Overall 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 The Specialty Property Casualty Insurance segment reported Segment Net Operating Loss of 147.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to Net Operating Loss of 196.1 million in 2021. Segment net operating losses decreased by 48.7 million due primarily to favorable prior year loss and LAE reserve development in 2022 of 14.6 million compared to adverse development in 2021 of 97.4 million. 
 Earned Premiums in the Specialty Property Casualty Insurance segment increased by 97.9 million in 2022, compared to 2021 driven by the acquisition of AAC and higher average earned premium per exposure resulting from rate increases. Policies-in-force were lower in Private Passenger Auto as a result of lower levels of new business due to ongoing profit improvement actions. 
 Net Investment Income in the Specialty Property Casualty Insurance segment decreased by 11.8 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower returns from Alternative Investments and Equity Securities, partially offset by higher yields and levels of investments in fixed income securities. 
 Loss related to Changes in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments was 9.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a loss of 29.0 million for the same period in 2021. Tax benefits related to the Alternative Energy Partnership Investments were 4.1 million and tax benefits of 37.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This resulted in a net loss of 5.8 million and a net income of 8.4 million attributable to Alternative Energy Partnership Investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums were 88.2 in 2022, a deterioration of 0.1 percentage points, compared to 2021, due primarily to higher severity trends partially offset by earned rate increases and lower claim frequency. Severity trends increased due to rising inflation and supply chain constraints. Underlying losses and LAE exclude the impact of catastrophes and loss and LAE reserve development. Favorable loss and LAE reserve development (including catastrophe reserve development) was 14.0 million in 2022, compared to adverse reserve development of 97.7 million in 2021. 
 
 36 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

SPECIALTY PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE (Continued) 
 Catastrophe losses and LAE (excluding reserve development) were 23.0 million in 2022, compared to 15.7 million for the same period in 2021, a deterioration of 7.3 million. Insurance Expenses were 801.9 million, or 19.8 of earned premiums, for the year ended December 31, 2022, a deterioration of 0.2 percentage point compared to the same period in 2021. 
 The Specialty Property Casualty Insurance segment s effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory income tax rate due primarily to investment tax credits, tax-exempt investment income and dividends received deductions. 
 Specialty Personal Automobile Insurance 
 Selected financial information for the specialty personal automobile insurance product line for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Net Premiums Written 3,305.1 3,587.2 3,086.5 Earned Premiums 3,496.7 3,533.7 3,031.3 Incurred Losses and LAE related to: Current Year: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 3,153.9 3,173.9 2,160.9 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 20.7 14.4 11.6 Prior Years: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE (18.1) 85.0 28.0 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 0.5 0.3 0.2 Total Incurred Losses and LAE 3,157.0 3,273.6 2,200.7 Ratios Based On Earned Premiums Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 
 90.2 89.8 71.3 Current Year Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 
 0.6 0.4 0.4 Prior Years Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 
 (0.5) 2.4 0.9 Prior Years Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 
 Total Incurred Loss and LAE Ratio 
 90.3 92.6 72.6 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Earned Premiums on specialty personal automobile insurance decreased by 37.0 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to the decrease in new business driven by targeted underwriting actions to improve profitability partially offset by the acquisition of AAC and higher average earned premium per exposure resulting from rate increases. Incurred losses and LAE were 3,157.0 million, or 90.3 of earned premiums, in 2022, compared to 3,273.6 million, or 92.6 of earned premiums, in 2021. Incurred losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums improved primarily due to a favorable change in prior year loss and LAE reserve development, partially offset by deterioration in underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premium. Underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of related earned premiums were 90.2 in 2022, compared to 89.8 in 2021, a deterioration of 0.4 points due to higher claim severity trends partially offset by earned premium per exposure increases and lower claim frequency. Severity trends increased due to rising inflation and supply chain constraints. Favorable loss and LAE reserve development was 17.6 million in 2022, compared to adverse loss and LAE reserve developments of 85.3 million in 2021, Catastrophe losses and LAE (excluding reserve development) were 20.7 million in 2022, compared to 14.4 million in 2021, due primarily to losses arising from Hurricane Ian. 

37 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

SPECIALTY PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE (Continued) 
 Commercial Automobile Insurance 
 Selected financial information for the commercial automobile insurance product line is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Net Premiums Written 629.3 470.1 349.0 Earned Premiums 549.7 414.8 304.0 Incurred Losses and LAE related to: Current Year: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 415.3 306.4 189.9 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 2.3 1.3 0.7 Prior Years: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 3.5 12.4 (12.9) Catastrophe Losses and LAE 0.1 Total Incurred Losses and LAE 421.2 320.1 177.7 Ratios Based On Earned Premiums Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 75.6 73.9 62.5 Current Year Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 0.4 0.3 0.2 Prior Years Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 0.6 3.0 (4.2) Prior Years Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio Total Incurred Loss and LAE Ratio 76.6 77.2 58.5 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Earned premiums in commercial automobile insurance increased by 134.9 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to higher volume and higher average earned premium per exposure. Incurred losses and LAE were 421.2 million, or 76.6 of earned premiums, in 2022, compared to 320.1 million, or 77.2 of earned premiums, in 2021. Incurred losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums improved due primarily to lower levels of adverse prior year development on prior year claims offset by an increase in underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums. Underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums were 75.6 in 2022, compared to 73.9 in 2021, a deterioration of 1.7 percentage points due primarily to higher claim severity trends. Severity trends increased due to rising inflation and supply chain constraints. Adverse loss and LAE reserve development was 3.6 million in 2022, compared to adverse reserve development of 12.4 million in 2021. 

38 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

PREFERRED PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE 
 Selected financial information for the Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Net Premiums Written 527.1 642.0 653.0 Earned Premiums 595.5 651.7 688.2 Net Investment Income 49.7 68.6 37.7 Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments (4.7) (16.3) Other Income 0.1 Total Revenues 640.5 704.0 726.0 Incurred Losses and LAE related to: Current Year: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 442.3 450.4 400.9 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 54.5 79.1 82.0 Prior Years: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 2.8 13.5 20.7 Catastrophe Losses and LAE (6.2) (5.6) (0.5) Total Incurred Losses and LAE 493.4 537.4 503.1 Insurance Expenses 183.5 206.4 221.1 Operating (Loss) Income (36.4) (39.8) 1.8 Income Tax Benefit 10.5 27.3 1.7 Segment Net Operating (Loss) Income (25.9) (12.5) 3.5 Ratios Based On Earned Premiums Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 74.2 69.2 58.3 Current Year Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 9.2 12.1 11.9 Prior Years Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 0.5 2.1 3.0 Prior Years Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio (1.0) (0.9) (0.1) Total Incurred Loss and LAE Ratio 82.9 82.5 73.1 Insurance Expense Ratio 30.8 31.7 32.1 Combined Ratio 113.7 114.2 105.2 Underlying Combined Ratio Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 74.2 69.2 58.3 Insurance Expense Ratio 30.8 31.7 32.1 Underlying Combined Ratio 105.0 100.9 90.4 Non-GAAP Measure Reconciliation Combined Ratio 113.7 114.2 105.2 Less: Current Year Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 9.2 12.1 11.9 Prior Years Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 0.5 2.1 3.0 Prior Years Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio (1.0) (0.9) (0.1) Underlying Combined Ratio 105.0 100.9 90.4 
 
 39 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

PREFERRED PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE (Continued) 
 CATASTROPHE FREQUENCY AND SEVERITY 
 Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Number of Events Losses and LAE Number of Events Losses and LAE Range of Losses and LAE Per Event 1 : 
 Below 5 60 49.4 58 42.6 5 - 10 1 5.1 3 21.5 10 - 15 1 15.0 15 - 20 20 - 25 Greater Than 25 Total 61 54.5 62 79.1 1 Current accident year net incurred catastrophe Losses and LAE only 
 
 INSURANCE RESERVES 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Insurance Reserves: Preferred Automobile 298.4 308.6 Homeowners 91.8 95.4 Other 28.9 29.2 Total Insurance Reserves 419.1 433.2 Insurance Reserves: Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves: Case and Allocated LAE 251.6 272.5 Incurred But Not Reported 139.0 131.9 Total Loss and LAE Reserves 390.6 404.4 Unallocated LAE Reserves 28.5 28.8 Total Insurance Reserves 419.1 433.2 
 See MD A, Critical Accounting Estimates, under the caption Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses for additional information pertaining to the Company s process of estimating property and casualty insurance reserves for losses and LAE, development of property and casualty insurance losses and LAE from prior accident years, also referred to as reserve development in the discussion of segment results, estimated variability of property and casualty insurance reserves for losses and LAE, and a discussion of some of the variables that may impact development of property and casualty insurance losses and LAE and the estimated variability of property and casualty insurance reserves for losses and LAE. 
 Overall 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 The Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment reported Segment Net Operating Loss of 25.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to Segment Net Operating Loss of 12.5 million in 2021. Segment net operating results decreased by 13.4 million due primarily to higher underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums and lower net investment income, partially offset by lower catastrophe losses and lower levels of adverse prior year reserve development. 

40 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

PREFERRED PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE (Continued) 
 Earned Premiums in the Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment decreased by 56.2 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower personal automobile insurance volumes as a result of ongoing profit improvement actions. 
 Net Investment Income in the Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment decreased by 18.9 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower returns from Alternative Investments and Equity Securities. 
 Loss related to Changes in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments was 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a loss of 16.3 million in 2021. Tax benefits related to the Alternative Energy Partnership Investments were 1.8 million, compared to tax benefits of 21.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This resulted in a net loss of 2.9 million and a net income of 4.8 million attributable to Alternative Energy Partnership Investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums were 74.2 and 69.2 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums increased primarily due to higher claim severity trends. Severity trends increased due to rising inflation and supply chain constraints. Catastrophe losses and LAE (excluding reserve development) were 54.5 million in 2022, compared to 79.1 million in 2021, which is a decrease of 24.6 million. Catastrophe losses and LAE (excluding reserve development) decreased due primarily to a lack of larger catastrophic events in 2022, compared to 2021, There was one catastrophic event above 5 million in 2022, compared to four catastrophic events above 5 million in 2021. Favorable loss and LAE reserve development (including catastrophe reserve development) was 3.4 million in 2022, compared to adverse development of 7.9 million in 2021. 
 Insurance expenses were 183.5 million, or 30.8 of earned premiums, in 2022, an improvement of 0.9 percentage points compared to 2021. 
 The Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment s effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory income tax rate due primarily to investment tax credits, tax-exempt investment income and dividends received deductions 
 Preferred Personal Automobile Insurance 
 Selected financial information for the preferred personal automobile insurance product line is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Net Premiums Written 308.2 399.9 407.5 Earned Premiums 363.7 410.5 431.7 Incurred Losses and LAE related to: Current Year: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 310.7 330.4 279.9 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 3.8 7.4 4.4 Prior Years: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 1.8 12.2 27.7 Catastrophe Losses and LAE (0.1) (1.0) Total Incurred Losses and LAE 316.3 349.9 311.0 Ratios Based On Earned Premiums Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 85.5 80.4 64.8 Current Year Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 1.0 1.8 1.0 Prior Years Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 0.5 3.0 6.4 Prior Years Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio (0.2) Total Incurred Loss and LAE Ratio 87.0 85.2 72.0 

41 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

PREFERRED PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE (Continued) 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Earned premiums on personal automobile insurance decreased by 46.8 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower volume as a result of ongoing profit improvement actions. Incurred losses and LAE were 316.3 million, or 87.0 of earned premiums, in 2022, compared to 349.9 million, or 85.2 of earned premiums, in 2021. Incurred losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums increased due primarily to a deterioration in the underlying loss and LAE ratio, partially offset by lower levels of prior year loss and LAE reserve development. Underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of related earned premiums were 85.5 in 2022, compared to 80.4 in 2021, a deterioration of 5.1 percentage points primarily due to higher claim severity trends. Severity trends increased due to rising inflation and supply chain constraints. Catastrophe losses and LAE (excluding reserve development) were 3.8 million in 2022, compared to 7.4 million in 2021. Adverse loss and LAE reserve development (including catastrophe loss reserve development) was 1.8 million in 2022, compared to adverse development of 12.1 million in 2021. 
 Homeowners Insurance 
 Selected financial information for the homeowners insurance product line is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Net Premiums Written 189.9 208.4 211.1 Earned Premiums 200.0 207.3 220.7 Incurred Losses and LAE related to: Current Year: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 115.0 104.1 108.7 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 49.8 70.2 71.2 Prior Years: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE (2.0) (2.6) (2.8) Catastrophe Losses and LAE (5.6) (3.9) 0.7 Total Incurred Losses and LAE 157.2 167.8 177.8 Ratios Based On Earned Premiums Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 57.5 50.2 49.3 Current Year Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 24.9 33.9 32.3 Prior Years Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio (1.0) (1.3) (1.3) Prior Years Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio (2.8) (1.9) 0.3 Total Incurred Loss and LAE Ratio 78.6 80.9 80.6 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Earned premiums in homeowners insurance decreased by 7.3 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower volume as a result of ongoing profit improvement actions partially offset by earned rate increases and the earned benefit of increases in the inflation adjustment for home construction values. Incurred losses and LAE were 157.2 million, or 78.6 of earned premiums, in 2022, compared to 167.8 million, or 80.9 of earned premiums, in 2021. Incurred losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums improved due primarily to lower incurred catastrophe losses (excluding loss reserve development), partially offset by higher underlying losses and LAE. Underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums were 57.5 in 2022, compared to 50.2 in 2021, a deterioration of 7.3 percentage points. Catastrophe losses and LAE (excluding reserve development) were 49.8 million in 2022, compared to 70.2 million in 2021. There was one catastrophic event above 5 million in 2022, compared to four catastrophic events above 5 million in 2021. Favorable Loss and LAE reserve development (including catastrophe loss reserve development) was 7.6 million in 2022, compared to favorable development of 6.5 million in 2021. 

42 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

PREFERRED PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE (Continued) 
 Other Personal Insurance 
 Other personal insurance products include umbrella, dwelling fire, inland marine, earthquake, boat owners and other liability coverages. Selected financial information for other personal insurance product lines is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Net Premiums Written 29.0 33.7 34.4 Earned Premiums 31.8 33.9 35.8 Incurred Losses and LAE related to: Current Year: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 16.6 15.9 12.3 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 0.9 1.5 6.4 Prior Years: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 3.0 3.9 (4.2) Catastrophe Losses and LAE (0.6) (1.6) (0.2) Total Incurred Losses and LAE 19.9 19.7 14.3 Ratios Based On Earned Premiums Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 52.3 46.9 34.3 Current Year Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 2.8 4.4 17.9 Prior Years Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 9.4 11.5 (11.7) Prior Years Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio (1.9) (4.7) (0.6) Total Incurred Loss and LAE Ratio 62.6 58.1 39.9 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Earned premiums in other personal insurance decreased by 2.1 million in 2022, compared to 2021. Incurred losses and LAE were 19.9 million, or 62.6 of earned premiums, in 2022, compared to 19.7 million, or 58.1 of earned premiums, in 2021. Underlying losses and LAE as a percentage of earned premiums were 52.3 in 2022, compared to 46.9 in 2021, a deterioration of 5.4 percentage points. Catastrophe losses and LAE (excluding reserve development) were 0.9 million in 2022, compared to 1.5 million in 2021. Adverse loss and LAE reserve development (including catastrophe loss reserve development) was 2.4 million in 2022, compared to adverse development of 2.3 million in 2021. 

43 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

LIFE HEALTH INSURANCE 
 Selected financial information for the Life Health Insurance segment is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Earned Premiums 624.4 653.5 648.7 Net Investment Income 216.5 202.7 198.8 Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments (5.3) (15.8) Other (Loss) Income (0.6) (1.3) 0.6 Total Revenues 835.0 839.1 848.1 Policyholders Benefits and Incurred Losses and LAE 432.6 469.7 442.0 Insurance Expenses 342.9 358.9 334.9 Operating Income 59.5 10.5 71.2 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit (5.3) 17.7 (11.2) Segment Net Operating Income 54.2 28.2 60.0 
 INSURANCE RESERVES 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Insurance Reserves: Future Policyholder Benefits 3,496.4 3,454.1 Incurred Losses and LAE Reserves: Life 53.3 60.7 Accident and Health 4.3 26.1 Property 2.3 3.6 Total Incurred Losses and LAE Reserves 59.9 90.4 Total Insurance Reserves 3,556.3 3,544.5 
 Use of Death Verification Databases 
 In the third quarter of 2016, the Company s Life Health segment voluntarily began implementing a comprehensive process under which it cross-references its life insurance policies against the Death Master File maintained by the Social Security Administration and other death verification databases to identify potential situations where the beneficiaries may not have filed a claim following the death of an insured and initiate an outreach process to identify and contact beneficiaries and settle claims. Policyholders Benefits and Incurred Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 included a pre-tax charge of 77.8 million to recognize the initial impact of using death verification databases in the Company s operations, including to determine its IBNR liability for unpaid claims and claims adjustment expenses for life insurance products. Subsequently, the Company reduced its estimate of the initial impact of using death verification databases by 30.3 million. 
 
 See Note 2, Summary of Accounting Policies and Accounting Changes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements under the sub-caption Insurance Reserves for additional discussion. 
 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 The financial information for the Life Health Insurance Segment includes the results of Reserve National through December 1, 2022, the date it was sold. 
 Earned Premiums in the Life Health Insurance segment decreased by 29.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021 due primarily to lower volume on accident and health insurance products and property insurance products, partially offset by increased average premium rate on life insurance products. 

44 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

LIFE HEALTH INSURANCE (Continued) 
 Net Investment Income increased by 13.8 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to higher levels of investments in Fixed Income Securities, higher returns from Alternative Investments and higher levels of investments and rate on Company-Owned Life Insurance, partially offset by lower yields on Fixed Income Securities and lower levels of investments and yields on Equity Securities. 
 Loss related to Changes in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments was 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a loss of 15.8 million for the same period in 2021. Tax benefits related to the Alternative Energy Partnership Investments were 2.1 million and 20.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This resulted in a net loss of 3.2 million and a net income of 4.6 million attributable to Alternative Energy Partnership Investment for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Policyholders Benefits and Incurred Losses and LAE decreased by 37.1 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower mortality for life insurance, lower frequency of accident and health insurance claims and lower current year property catastrophe losses and LAE. 
 Insurance Expenses in the Life Health Insurance segment decreased by 16.0 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower commission expense and a reduction in expenses due to lower volume of accident and health insurance products and property insurance products. 
 Segment Net Operating Income in the Life Health Insurance segment was 54.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 28.2 million in 2021. 
 The Life Health Insurance segment s effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory income tax rate due primarily to investment tax credits, tax-exempt investment income and dividends received deductions. 
 Life Insurance 
 Selected financial information for the life insurance product line is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Earned Premiums 405.7 401.7 385.7 Net Investment Income 210.0 196.8 193.3 Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments (4.9) (15.0) Other Income (1.1) (1.6) Total Revenues 609.7 581.9 579.0 Policyholders Benefits and Incurred Losses and LAE 329.0 345.3 318.2 Insurance Expenses 237.3 235.6 218.8 Operating Income 43.4 1.0 42.0 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit (2.3) 18.7 (5.2) Total Product Line Net Operating Income 41.1 19.7 36.8 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Earned premiums on life insurance increased by 4.0 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to increased average premium rate. Policyholders benefits and incurred losses and LAE on life insurance were 329.0 million in 2022, compared to 345.3 million in 2021, a decrease of 16.3 million due primarily to lower mortality. 
 Insurance Expenses increased by 1.7 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to higher volume of life insurance products. 

45 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

LIFE HEALTH INSURANCE (Continued) 
 Accident and Health Insurance 
 Selected financial information for the Accident and Health Insurance product line is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Earned Premiums 168.2 189.9 199.3 Net Investment Income 3.3 3.6 5.0 Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments (0.1) (0.3) Other Income 0.5 0.3 0.6 Total Revenues 171.9 193.5 204.9 Policyholders Benefits and Incurred Losses and LAE 86.5 96.1 95.3 Insurance Expenses 79.1 91.6 91.9 Operating Income 6.3 5.8 17.7 Income Tax Expense (1.1) (0.9) (3.6) Total Product Line Net Operating Income 5.2 4.9 14.1 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 The financial information for the Accident and Health Insurance product line includes the results of Reserve National through December 1, 2022, the date it was sold. 
 Earned premiums on accident and health insurance decreased by 21.7 million in 2022, compared to 2021. This is due primarily to a lower volume of sales and the disposition of Reserve National. Policyholders Benefits and Incurred Losses and LAE on accident and health insurance were 86.5 million in 2022, compared to 96.1 million in 2021 due primarily to lower frequency of claims. 
 Insurance expenses decreased by 12.5 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower volume of accident and health insurance products. 

46 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

LIFE HEALTH INSURANCE (Continued) 
 Property Insurance 
 Selected financial information for the property insurance product line is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Earned Premiums 50.5 61.9 63.7 Net Investment Income 3.2 2.3 0.5 Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments (0.3) (0.5) Total Revenues 53.4 63.7 64.2 Incurred Losses and LAE related to: Current Year: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 12.5 14.2 15.2 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 1.8 13.0 12.4 Prior Years: Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE 1.3 1.2 0.4 Catastrophe Losses and LAE 1.5 (0.1) 0.5 Total Incurred Losses and LAE 17.1 28.3 28.5 Insurance Expenses 26.5 31.7 24.2 Operating Income 9.8 3.7 11.5 Income Tax Expense (1.9) (0.1) (2.4) Total Product Line Net Operating Income 7.9 3.6 9.1 Ratios Based On Earned Premiums Current Year Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 24.7 23.0 23.8 Current Year Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 3.6 21.0 19.5 Prior Years Non-catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 2.6 1.9 0.6 Prior Years Catastrophe Losses and LAE Ratio 3.0 (0.2) 0.8 Total Incurred Loss and LAE Ratio 33.9 45.7 44.7 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Earned premiums from property insurance decreased by 11.4 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower volume of property insurance products. Incurred losses and LAE on property insurance were 17.1 million, or 33.9 of earned premiums, in 2022, compared to 28.3 million, or 45.7 earned premiums, in 2021. Underlying losses and LAE were 12.5 million, or 24.7 of property insurance earned premiums, in 2022, compared to 14.2 million, or 23.0 of property insurance earned premiums, in 2021, an increase of 1.7 percentage points due primarily to higher claim severity. Catastrophe losses and LAE (excluding loss reserve development) were 1.8 million in 2022, compared to 13.0 million in 2021. Catastrophe losses and LAE decreased 11.2 million due primarily to both lower frequency of catastrophe claims and lower claim severity. Adverse loss and LAE reserve development was 2.8 million in 2022, compared to adverse development of 1.1 million in 2021. 
 Insurance expenses decreased 5.2 million in 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to lower volume of property insurance products. 

47 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

INVESTMENT RESULTS 
 Net Investment Income 
 Net Investment Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Investment Income: Interest on Fixed Income Securities 300.1 277.7 289.8 Dividends on Equity Securities Excluding Alternative Investments 6.3 15.9 15.4 Alternative Investments: Equity Method Limited Liability Investments 31.3 56.7 4.9 Limited Liability Investments Included in Equity Securities 42.1 46.9 22.1 Total Alternative Investments 73.4 103.6 27.0 Short-term Investments 3.7 1.0 5.5 Loans to Policyholders 21.5 21.7 22.1 Real Estate 10.1 9.3 9.6 Company-Owned Life Insurance 37.9 25.7 12.9 Other 7.7 6.7 0.3 Total Investment Income 460.7 461.6 382.6 Investment Expenses: Real Estate 7.9 9.7 8.8 Other Investment Expenses 30.2 24.6 25.6 Total Investment Expenses 38.1 34.3 34.4 Net Investment Income 422.6 427.3 348.2 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Net Investment Income was 422.6 million and 427.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net Investment Income decreased by 4.7 million in 2022 due primarily to lower valuations on Equity Method Limited Liability Investments, lower balances in Equity Securities, and lower rate on Fixed Income Securities, partially offset by higher levels of investments in Fixed Income Securities and Company-Owned Life Insurance. 
 Income and distributions on Alternative Investments can fluctuate significantly between periods as they are influenced by operating performance of the underlying investments, changes in market or economic conditions or the timing of asset sales. 
 Total Comprehensive Investment (Losses) Gains 
 The components of Total Comprehensive Investment (Losses) Gains for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Recognized in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income: (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities (79.9) 114.6 72.1 Gains on Sales 41.3 68.0 48.3 Losses on Sales (38.7) (3.2) (10.2) Gains on Hedging Activity 1.7 Impairment Losses (25.8) (11.0) (19.5) Net (Loss) Gain Recognized in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income (101.4) 168.4 90.7 Recognized in Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (1,541.2) (286.6) 367.4 Total Comprehensive Investment (Losses) Gains (1,642.6) (118.2) 458.1 

48 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

INVESTMENT RESULTS (Continued) 
 Total Comprehensive Investment Losses increased by 1,524.4 million primarily due to to a decrease in the fair value of the Company s fixed income bond portfolio. 
 (Loss) Income From Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities 
 The components of (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 Preferred Stocks (8.9) 1.9 Common Stocks (0.4) 1.7 Other Equity Interests: Exchange Traded Funds (46.5) 75.8 Limited Liability Companies and Limited Partnerships (21.2) 31.3 Total Other Equity Interests (67.7) 107.1 (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity Securities (77.0) 110.7 (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Convertible Securities (2.9) 3.9 (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities (79.9) 114.6 
 Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments 
 The components of Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Fixed Maturities: Gains on Sales 31.6 63.4 40.6 Losses on Sales (31.9) (2.1) (7.9) Gains on Hedging Activity 1.7 Equity Securities: Gains on Sales 9.7 4.1 5.9 Losses on Sales (6.8) (0.7) (1.9) Equity Method Limited Liability Investments: Gains on Sales 0.4 Losses on Sales (0.4) Real Estate: Gains on Sales 0.1 1.8 Losses on Sales (0.4) Net Realized Investment Gains 4.3 64.8 38.1 Gross Gains on Sales 41.3 68.0 48.3 Gross Losses on Sales (38.7) (3.2) (10.2) Gains on Hedging Activity 1.7 Net Realized Investment Gains 4.3 64.8 38.1 
 Fixed Maturities 
 Net Realized Gains on Sales of Fixed Maturities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily relate to normal portfolio management and to a lesser extent, a repositioning of the portfolio for duration extension purposes. 

49 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

INVESTMENT RESULTS (Continued) 
 Net Realized Gains on Sales of Fixed Maturities for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relate to normal portfolio management and to a lesser extent, a repositioning of the portfolio for duration extension purposes. 
 Equity Securities 
 Net Realized Gains on Sales of Equity Securities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily relate disposals of equity method limited liability investments and preferred stock. 
 Net Realized Gains on Sales of Equity Securities for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relate to transactions whereby the Company s interests in Equity Securities at Modified Cost were acquired by other companies. 
 Impairment Losses 
 The Company regularly reviews its investment portfolio to determine whether a decline in the fair value of an investment has occurred from credit or other, non-credit related factors. If the decline in fair value is due to credit factors and the Company does not expect to receive cash flows sufficient to support the entire amortized cost basis, the credit loss is reported in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income in the period that the declines are evaluated. The components of Impairment Losses in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented below. 
 2022 2021 2020 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Amount Number of Issuers Amount Number of Issuers Amount Number of Issuers Fixed Maturities (25.8) 57 (6.4) 17 (16.7) 14 Equity Securities (4.2) 13 (2.8) 2 Real Estate (0.4) 1 Impairment Losses (25.8) (11.0) (19.5) 
 Fixed Maturities 
 Impairment Losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the year ended December 31, 2022 related primarily to investments in Fixed Maturities where the Company established an allowance for expected credit loss. 
 Impairment Losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the year ended December 31, 2021 related primarily to investments in Fixed Maturities where the Company established an allowance for expected credit loss. 
 Equity Securities 
 The Company did not recognize any Impairment Losses in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Impairment Losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to investments in Equity Securities at Modified Cost where the Company had the intent or requirement to sell. 
 Real Estate 
 The Company did not recognize any Impairment Losses in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Impairment Losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to investments in Real Estate held with the intent to sell. 
 
 INVESTMENT QUALITY AND CONCENTRATIONS 
 The Company s fixed maturity investment portfolio is comprised primarily of high-grade corporate, municipal and agency bonds. At December 31, 2022, approximately 95.5 of the Company s fixed maturity investment portfolio was rated investment-grade, which the Company defines as a security issued by a high quality obligor with at least a relatively stable credit profile and where it is highly likely that all contractual payments of principal and interest will timely occur and carry a rating from the NAIC of 1 or 2. Securities with a rating of 1 or 2 from the NAIC typically are rated by one of more Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations and either have a rating of AAA, AA, A or BBB from Standard Poor s S P a rating of Aaa, Aa, A or Baa from Moody s Investors Service Moody s or a rating of AAA, AA, A or BBB from Fitch Ratings. 
 
 50 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

INVESTMENT QUALITY AND CONCENTRATIONS (Continued) 
 The following table summarizes the credit quality of the Company s fixed maturity investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 NAIC Rating Rating Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Fair Value in Millions Percentage of Total Fair Value in Millions Percentage of Total 1 AAA, AA, A 4,896.4 71.0 5,351.6 67.0 2 BBB 1,687.4 24.5 2,215.1 27.7 3-4 BB, B 239.7 3.5 331.0 4.2 5-6 CCC or Lower 71.3 1.0 89.2 1.1 Total Investments in Fixed Maturities 6,894.8 100.0 7,986.9 100.0 
 Gross unrealized losses on the Company s investments in below-investment-grade fixed maturities were 32.8 million and 9.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company s investments in governmental fixed maturities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments U.S. Government and Government Agencies and Authorities 528.0 6.0 637.4 6.1 States and Political Subdivisions: Revenue Bonds 1,324.3 15.1 1,516.1 14.6 States 143.8 1.6 235.8 2.3 Political Subdivisions 100.8 1.1 138.2 1.3 Foreign Governments 4.1 5.5 0.1 Total Investments in Governmental Fixed Maturities 2,101.0 23.8 2,533.0 24.4 
 The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company s investments in non-governmental fixed maturities by industry at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Finance, Insurance and Real Estate 2,007.5 22.8 1,996.7 19.2 Manufacturing 1,085.9 12.4 1,571.0 15.1 Transportation, Communication and Utilities 733.7 8.3 815.8 7.9 Services 602.4 6.9 617.5 5.9 Mining 173.3 2.0 254.3 2.4 Retail Trade 165.1 1.9 171.4 1.7 Construction 11.7 0.1 13.1 0.1 Other 14.2 0.2 14.1 0.1 Total Investments in Non-governmental Fixed Maturities 4,793.8 54.6 5,453.9 52.4 

51 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

INVESTMENT QUALITY AND CONCENTRATIONS (Continued) 
 The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company s investments in non-governmental fixed maturities by range of amount invested at December 31, 2022. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Number of Issuers Aggregate Fair Value Below 5 821 1,548.1 5 - 10 185 1,398.1 10 - 20 98 1,337.2 20 - 30 18 433.5 Greater Than 30 2 76.9 Total 1,124 4,793.8 
 The Company s short-term investments primarily consist of money market funds and short term bonds. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 250.3 million invested in money market funds which primarily invest in U.S. Treasury securities and 28.1 million invested in U.S. treasury bills and short-term bonds. 
 The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company s ten largest investment exposures in a single issuer, excluding investments in U.S. Government and Government Agencies and Authorities and Short-term Investment, at December 31, 2022. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Fixed Maturities: States including their Political Subdivisions: Texas 139.0 1.6 California 126.7 1.4 New York 85.8 1.0 Michigan 83.9 1.0 Georgia 78.5 0.9 Louisiana 64.3 0.7 Pennsylvania 60.9 0.7 Florida 57.1 0.6 Colorado 50.5 0.6 Massachusetts 47.9 0.5 Total 794.6 9.0 
 
 52 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

INVESTMENTS IN LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANIES AND LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS 
 The Company owns investments in various limited liability investment companies and limited partnerships that primarily invest in mezzanine debt, distressed debt, and senior debt. The Company s investments in these limited liability investment companies and limited partnerships are reported either as Equity Method Limited Liability Investments, Other Equity, Interests, and included in Equity Securities at Fair Value, or Equity Securities at Modified Cost depending on the accounting method used to report the investment. Additional information pertaining to these investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented below. 
 Unfunded Commitment in Millions Reported Value in Millions Asset Class Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Reported as Equity Method Limited Liability Investments: Mezzanine Debt 51.6 114.3 120.0 Senior Debt 42.0 21.6 27.5 Distressed Debt 9.4 21.7 Secondary Transactions 1.7 9.3 11.7 Leveraged Buyout 0.6 8.9 8.7 Growth Equity 1.2 0.7 Real Estate 43.3 29.9 Hedge Fund 0.5 8.7 Other 8.5 13.0 Total Equity Method Limited Liability Investments 95.9 217.0 241.9 Alternative Energy Partnership Investments 16.3 39.6 Reported as Other Equity Interests at Fair Value: 
 Mezzanine Debt 56.0 106.0 129.3 Senior Debt 6.0 21.9 29.9 Distressed Debt 13.0 12.5 44.9 Secondary Transactions 4.2 3.5 4.0 Hedge Funds 18.1 82.7 Leveraged Buyout 9.0 21.6 32.2 Growth Equity 7.9 5.4 2.0 Other 0.2 0.1 Total Reported as Other Equity Interests at Fair Value 96.3 189.1 325.0 Reported as Equity Securities at Modified Cost: 
 Other 8.3 7.7 Total Reported as Equity Securities at Modified Cost 
 8.3 7.7 Total Investments in Limited Liability Companies and Limited Partnerships 192.2 430.7 614.2 
 The Company expects that it will be required to fund its commitments over the next several years. The Company expects that the proceeds from distributions from these investments will be the primary source of funding of such commitments. 

53 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

INSURANCE, INTEREST AND OTHER EXPENSES 
 Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were: 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Insurance Expenses: Commissions 724.8 817.6 745.8 General Expenses 358.4 339.5 307.4 Taxes, Licenses and Fees 99.5 104.3 94.2 Total Costs Incurred 1,182.7 1,261.4 1,147.4 Net Policy Acquisition Costs Amortized (Deferred) 13.8 (88.3) (51.6) Amortization of Value of Business Acquired VOBA 4.1 45.0 4.7 Insurance Expenses 1,200.6 1,218.1 1,100.5 Loss from Early Extinguishment of Debt 3.7 Interest and Other Expenses: Interest Expense 54.7 43.6 36.0 Other Expenses: Acquisition and Disposition Related Transaction, Integration, Restructuring and Other Costs 62.9 43.9 63.3 Pension Settlement Expense 64.1 Other 140.0 131.9 108.1 Other Expenses 202.9 175.8 235.5 Interest and Other Expenses 257.6 219.4 271.5 Total Expenses 1,461.9 1,437.5 1,372.0 
 Insurance Expenses 
 Insurance Expenses decreased by 17.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to net amortization of policy acquisition costs as the acquisition of AAC led to higher deferrals in 2021. This is partially offset by a corresponding decrease in the amortization of VOBA from the acquisition of AAC and lower commissions as premium growth has slowed due to ongoing profit improvement actions. 
 Interest and Other Expenses 
 Interest expense increased by 11.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to the addition of the 2032 Senior Notes and the 2062 Junior Debentures in 2022. See MD A, Liquidity and Capital Resources, and Note 21, Debt, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of debt activity. 
 Other Expenses increased by 27.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021, due primarily to higher restructuring expenses, loss on the sale of Reserve National, and goodwill impairment. 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 The federal corporate statutory income tax rate was 21 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s effective income tax rate differs from the federal corporate income tax rate due primarily to (1) the effects of tax-exempt investment income, (2) nontaxable income associated with the change in cash surrender value on Company-Owned Life Insurance, (3) Alternative Energy Partnership Investment and general business tax credits, (4) a permanent difference between the amount of long-term equity-based compensation expense recognized under GAAP and the amount deductible in the computation of Federal taxable income, (5) a permanent difference associated with nondeductible executive compensation, and (6) taxes related to sold subsidiaries. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act (the "Law") was signed into law on August 16, 2022, which will become generally effective on January 1, 2023. Included in the provisions of the Law are various changes to the tax code, including the establishment of a Corporate Alternative Minimum tax. The Company has evaluated the provisions of the Law and does not expect a material impact. The Company will continue to monitor guidance as it is released by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and United States Treasury. 
 
 54 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

INCOME TAXES (Continued) 
 Tax-exempt investment income and dividends received deductions were 25.1 million and 21.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The nontaxable increase in cash surrender value on Company-Owned Life Insurance COLI was 37.9 million and 25.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company realized net investment and general business tax credits of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of expense recognized for long-term equity-based compensation expense under U.S. GAAP was 6.3 million higher than the amount that would be deductible under the Internal Revenue Code IRC for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.3 million lower for the same period in 2021. The amount of nondeductible executive compensation was 7.3 million and 13.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of tax expense recognized related to sold subsidiaries was 11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to none for the same period in 2021. 
 See Note 25, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of income taxes. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Shelf Registration Statement 
 The Company filed a universal shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission in the first quarter of 2020. Under this shelf registration, the Company may issue an undetermined amount of securities including common stock, preferred stock, depository shares, debt securities, warrants, subscription rights, purchase contracts, and purchase units. Specific terms of any securities issued under this registration will be included in each applicable prospectus supplement. 
 Common Stock Offering 
 Kemper is authorized to issue 20 million shares of 0.10 par value preferred stock and 100 million shares of 0.10 par value common stock. No preferred shares were issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were 63,912,762 shares and 63,684,628 shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Long-term Debt 
 From time to time, the Company looks to opportunistically raise capital in the debt markets. The Company designates debt obligations as either short-term or long-term based on maturity date at issuance, or in the case of the 2022 Senior Notes, based on the date of assumption. Total amortized cost of Long-term Debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was: 
 (Dollars in Millions) Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Senior Notes 5.000 Senior Notes due September 19, 2022 
 276.7 4.350 Senior Notes due February 15, 2025 
 449.3 449.0 2.400 Senior Notes due September 30, 2030 
 396.6 396.2 3.800 Senior Notes due February 23, 2032 
 395.5 5.875 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2062 
 145.5 Total Long-term Debt Outstanding 1,386.9 1,121.9 
 See Note 21, Debt, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding the Company s long-term debt. 
 Amended and Extended Credit Agreement and Term Loan Facility 
 On March 15, 2022, the Company entered into an amended and extended credit agreement. The amended and extended credit agreement increased the borrowing capacity of the existing unsecured credit agreement to 600.0 million and extended the maturity date to March 15, 2027. Furthermore, the amended and extended credit agreement provides for an accordion feature whereby the Company can increase the revolving credit borrowing capacity by 200.0 million to a total of 800.0 million. There were no outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

55 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued) 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Agreements 
 Kemper s subsidiaries, United Insurance, Trinity Universal Insurance Company Trinity ), American Access Casualty Company AAC ), and Alliance United Insurance Company Alliance are members of the Federal Home Loan Banks FHLBs of Chicago, Dallas, Chicago, and San Francisco, respectively. American Access Casualty Company became a member of the FHLB of Chicago in May 2022. United Insurance and Trinity became members of the FHLBs of Chicago and Dallas, respectively, in 2013. Alliance became a member of the FHLB of San Francisco in August 2020. Under their memberships, United Insurance, Trinity, AAC, and Alliance may borrow through the advance program of their respective FHLB. As a requirement of membership in the FHLB, United Insurance, Trinity, AAC, and Alliance must maintain certain levels of investment in FHLB common stock and additional amounts based on the level of outstanding borrowings. The Company s investments in FHLB common stock are reported at cost and included in Other Investments. The carrying value of FHLB of Chicago common stock was 17.5 million and 11.8 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The carrying value of FHLB of Dallas common stock was 3.4 million and 3.4 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The carrying value of FHLB of San Francisco common stock was 1.4 million and 1.7 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company periodically uses short-term FHLB borrowings for a combination of cash management and risk management purposes, in addition to long-term FHLB borrowings for spread lending purposes. 
 During 2022, United Insurance received advances of 415.8 million from the FHLB of Chicago and made repayments of 216.7 million. United Insurance had outstanding advances from the FHLB of Chicago totaling 601.0 million at December 31, 2022. These advances were made in connection with the Company s spread lending program. The proceeds related to these advances were used to purchase fixed maturity securities to earn incremental net investment income. 
 With respect to these advances, United Insurance held pledged securities in a custodial account with the FHLB of Chicago with a fair value of 744.6 million at December 31, 2022. The fair value of the collateral pledged must be maintained at certain specified levels above the borrowed amount, which can vary depending on the assets pledged. If the fair value of the collateral declines below these specified levels of the amount borrowed, United Insurance would be required to pledge additional collateral or repay outstanding borrowings. See Note 20, Policyholder Obligations, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the United Insurance advances and related funding agreements. 
 Common Stock Repurchases 
 On May 6, 2020, Kemper s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 200.0 million of Kemper common stock, in addition to the 133.3 million remaining under the previous authorization. The Company did not repurchase any of its common stock in 2022. The Company repurchased approximately 161.7 million and 110.4 million of stock at an average cost per share of 77.58 and 68.29 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining share repurchase authorization was 171.6 million under the repurchase program. The amount and timing of any future share repurchases under the authorization will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, the Company s financial condition, results of operations, available liquidity, particular circumstances and other considerations. 
 Dividends to Shareholders 
 Kemper paid a quarterly dividend of 0.31 per common share for each quarter of 2022 and 0.31 per common share for each quarter of 2021, respectively. Dividends and dividend equivalents paid were 79.7 million and 80.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Subsidiary Dividends and Capital Contributions 
 Various insurance laws restrict the ability of Kemper s insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends without regulatory approval. Such insurance laws generally restrict the amount of dividends paid in an annual period to the greater of statutory net income from the previous year or 10 of statutory capital and surplus. Kemper s insurance subsidiaries collectively paid 311.7 million, 347.0 million and 322.0 million in dividends to Kemper in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2023, Kemper estimates that its direct insurance subsidiaries would be able to pay approximately 108.9 million in dividends to Kemper without prior regulatory approval. 
 Kemper made capital contributions to insurance subsidiaries of 270.0 million and 126.0 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

56 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued) 
 Sources and Uses of Funds 
 The Company directly held cash and investments totaling 417.6 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 233.9 million at December 31, 2021. 
 The primary sources of funds available for repayment of Kemper s indebtedness, repurchases of common stock, future shareholder dividend payments, and the payment of interest on Kemper s senior notes and term loan, include cash and investments directly held by Kemper, receipt of dividends from Kemper s insurance subsidiaries and borrowings under the credit agreement and from subsidiaries. 
 The primary sources of funds for Kemper s insurance subsidiaries are premiums, investment income, proceeds from the sales, and maturity of investments, advances from the FHLBs of Chicago, Dallas and San Francisco, and capital contributions from Kemper. The primary uses of funds are the payment of policyholder benefits under life insurance contracts, claims under property and casualty insurance contracts and accident and health insurance contracts, the payment of commissions and general expenses, the purchase of investments and repayments of advances from the FHLBs of Chicago, Dallas and San Francisco. 
 Generally, there is a time lag between when premiums are collected and when policyholder benefits and insurance claims are paid. During periods of growth, property and casualty insurance companies typically experience positive operating cash flows and are able to invest a portion of their operating cash flows to fund future policyholder benefits and claims. During periods in which premium revenues decline, insurance companies may experience negative cash flows from operations and may need to sell investments to fund payments to policyholders and claimants. In addition, if the Company s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries experience several significant catastrophic events over a relatively short period of time, investments may be sold to fund payments, which could result in investment gains or losses. Management believes that its property and casualty insurance subsidiaries maintain adequate levels of liquidity in the event that they were to experience several future catastrophic events over a relatively short period of time. 
 Information about the Company s cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented below. 
 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities (210.3) 350.7 448.0 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities (108.4) (118.2) (757.0) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 382.9 (290.4) 378.3 
 Cash available for investment activities in total is dependent on cash flow from Operating Activities and Financing Activities and the level of cash the Company elects to maintain. 
 Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activitie s 
 
 Net cash used by Operating Activities was 210.3 million in 2022, compared to 350.7 million generated in 2021, a decrease of 561.0 million. Cash from operating activities decreased primarily due to higher paid losses within the P C business in 2022 due to an increase in frequency and rising loss costs from increased severity trends caused by rising inflation and supply chain constraints. 
 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used by Investing Activities was 108.4 million in 2022, compared to 118.2 million used in 2021, a year over year increase of 9.8 million. This was primarily due to lower net sales of short term investments. Net sales of short term investments in 2021 were primarily used to fund the purchase of AAC and the repurchase of Kemper common stock. Proceeds from the sale of equity securities increased as the Company shifted its investment portfolio more heavily to fixed maturities. This was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of Reserve National and Infinity Security. 
 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by Financing Activities was 382.9 million in 2022, compared to cash used by financing activities of 290.4 million in 2021, a year over year increase of 673.3 million. This was primarily due to the issuance of the 2032 Senior 
 Notes and 2062 Junior Debentures, share repurchases in 2021, and increased net advances under the FHLB spread-lending 

57 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued) 
 
 program due to a more attractive interest rate environment in 2022. These were partially of offset by the redemption of the 2022 Senior Notes. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 Estimated cash disbursements pertaining to the Company s contractual obligations at December 31, 2022 are presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Jan 1, 2023 to Dec 31, 2023 Jan 1, 2024 to Dec 31, 2025 Jan 1, 2026 to Dec 31, 2027 After Dec 31, 2027 Total Long Term Debt Obligations 449.3 937.6 1,386.9 Life and Health Insurance Policy Benefits 284.5 555.3 527.5 8,260.2 9,627.5 Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves 1,918.8 688.5 105.0 44.6 2,756.9 Total Contractual Obligations 2,203.3 1,693.1 632.5 9,242.4 13,771.3 
 Amounts included in Life and Health Insurance Policy Benefits within the contractual obligations table above represent the estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders and beneficiaries. Such cash outflows are based on the Company s current assumptions for mortality, morbidity and policy lapse, but are undiscounted with respect to interest. Policies must remain in force for the policyholder or beneficiary to receive the benefit under the policy. Depending on the terms of a particular policy, future premiums from the policyholder may be required for the policy to remain in force. The Company estimates that future cash inflows would total 5.3 billion using the same assumptions used to estimate the cash outflows. The Company s Life Insurance Reserves in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets are generally based on the historical assumptions for mortality and policy lapse rates and are on a discounted basis. Accordingly, the sum of the amounts presented above for Life and Health Insurance Policy Benefits significantly exceeds the amount of Life and Health Insurance Reserves reported on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022. 
 In addition to the purchase obligations included above, the Company had certain investment commitments totaling 192.2 million at December 31, 2022. The funding of such investment commitments is dependent on a number of factors, the timing of which is indeterminate. The Company cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period of related future payments, if any, for such liability. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Kemper s subsidiaries conduct their operations in two industries: property and casualty insurance and life and health insurance. Accordingly, the Company is subject to several industry-specific accounting principles under GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The process of estimation is inherently uncertain. Accordingly, actual results could ultimately differ materially from the estimated amounts reported in a company s financial statements. Different assumptions are likely to result in different estimates of reported amounts. 
 The Company s critical accounting policies most sensitive to estimates include the valuation of investments, the valuation of reserves for property and casualty insurance incurred losses and LAE, the assessment of recoverability of goodwill, valuation of pension benefit obligations, and recoverability of deferred tax assets. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 The reported value of the Company s investments was 8,789.5 million at December 31, 2022, of which 7,183.0 million, or 82 , was reported at fair value, 233.3 million, or 3 , was reported under the equity method of accounting, 374.5 million, or 4 , was reported at unpaid principal balance and 998.7 million, or 11 , was reported at cost, modified cost or depreciated cost. Investments, in general, are exposed to various risks, such as interest rate risk, credit risk and overall market volatility risk. Accordingly, it is reasonably possible that changes in the fair values of the Company s investments reported at fair value will occur in the near term and such changes could materially affect the amounts reported in the financial statements. Also, it is reasonably possible that changes in the carrying values of the Company s Equity Method Limited Liability Investments will occur in the near term and such changes could materially affect the amounts reported in the financial statements because these issuers follow specialized industry accounting rules which require that they report all of their investments at fair value (See Item 
 
 58 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued) 
 1A., Risk Factors under the title The Company s investment portfolio is exposed to a variety of risks that may negatively impact net investment income and cause realized and unrealized losses ). 
 As more fully described under the heading, Fair Value Measurements, in Note 2, Summary of Accounting Policies and Accounting Changes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses a hierarchical framework which prioritizes and ranks the market observability used in fair value measurements. 
 The fair value of the Company s investments measured and reported at fair value was 7,183.0 million at December 31, 2022, of which 6,763.9 million, or 94 , were investments that were based on quoted market prices or significant value drivers that are observable, 230.0 million, or 3 , were investments where at least one significant value driver was unobservable and 189.1 million or 3 were investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value NAV per share practical expedient. Fair value measurements based on readily available, active, quoted market prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally are deemed to have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment, compared to fair value measurements based on significant unobservable inputs used in measuring fair value. The prices that the Company might realize from actual sales of investments are likely to vary from their respective estimated fair values at December 31, 2022 due to changing market conditions and limitations inherent in the estimation process. 
 The classification of a company s investment in a financial instrument may affect its reported results. Under GAAP, a company may elect to use the fair value option method of accounting for some or all of its investments in financial instruments. Under the fair value option method of accounting, a company is required to recognize changes in fair values into income for the period reported. The Company has elected the fair value option for investments in fixed maturities with equity conversion features which are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Convertible Securities. Accordingly, both the reported and fair values of the Company s investments in Convertible Securities accounted for under the fair value option method of accounting were 43.3 million at December 31, 2022. For investments in fixed maturities classified as held to maturity, a company is required to carry the investment at amortized cost, with only amortization occurring during the period recognized into income. None of the Company s investments in fixed maturities were classified as held to maturity at December 31, 2022. Changes in the fair value of investments in fixed maturities classified as available for sale are not recognized in income during the period, but rather are recognized as a separate component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income AOCI until realized. Both the reported and fair values of the Company s investments in fixed maturities classified as available for sale were 6,894.8 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Equity securities with readily determinable fair values are recorded as Equity Securities at Fair Value with changes in fair values recognized into income for the period reported. Accordingly, both the reported and fair values of the Company s investments in Equity Securities at Fair Value were 243.2 million at December 31, 2022. The Company holds certain equity investments without readily determinable fair values at cost, less impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments from the same issuer. Changes in the carrying value of Equity Securities at Modified Cost due to observable price changes are recorded into income for the period reported. 
 The Company s portfolio also includes investments in Alternative Energy Partnerships that are accounted for under the Hypothetical Liquidation at Book Value HLBV method. Under the HLBV method, the amounts of income and loss attributed to investors reflect changes in the amounts the fund investors would hypothetically receive at each balance sheet date under the liquidation provisions of the contractual agreements of these funds. Attributing income and loss under the HLBV method requires the use of significant assumptions and forecasts to calculate the amounts that fund investors would receive upon a hypothetical liquidation. See Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Significant Estimates to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Had the Company elected the fair value option for all of its investments in financial instruments, the Company s reported net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, would have increased by 1,216.3 million. 
 The Company regularly reviews its fixed maturity investment portfolio and holdings in Equity Securities at Modified Cost for factors that may indicate a decline in the fair value of an investment below its amortized cost or modified cost basis. Such reviews are inherently uncertain in that the value of the investment may not fully recover or may decline further in future periods. Some factors considered in evaluating whether or not a decline in fair value of an investment exist include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 59 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued) 
 Fixed Maturity Securities 
 The financial condition, credit rating and prospects of the issuer; 
 The magnitude of the unrealized loss; 
 The ability of the issuer to make scheduled principal and interest payments; 
 The volatility of the investment; 
 Equity Securities at Modified Cost 
 Opinions of the Company s external investment managers; 
 The financial condition and prospects of the issuer; 
 Current market conditions; 
 Changes in credit ratings; and 
 Changes in the regulatory environment. 
 
 Changes in these factors from their December 31, 2022 evaluation date could result in the Company determining that a decline in the fair value exists for an investment held and evaluated at December 31, 2022. Such determination would result in an impairment loss in the period such determination is made. 
 Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 The Company s Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves are reported using the Company s estimate of its ultimate liability for losses and LAE for claims that occurred prior to the end of any given accounting period but have not yet been paid. The Company had 2,756.9 million an d 2,772.7 million of gross loss and LAE reserves at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves for the Company s business segments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were: 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 Business Segments: Specialty Property Casualty Insurance 2,321.1 2,319.7 Preferred Property Casualty Insurance 419.1 433.2 Life Health Insurance 2.3 3.6 Total Business Segments 2,742.5 2,756.5 Unallocated Reserves 14.4 16.2 Total Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves 2,756.9 2,772.7 
 In estimating the Company s Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves, the Company s actuaries exercise professional judgment and must consider, many variables that are difficult to quantify. Accordingly, the process of estimating and establishing the Company s Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves is inherently uncertain, and the actual ultimate cost of known and unknown claims may vary materially from the estimated amounts reserved. 
 The Company s actuaries conduct a comprehensive quarterly loss reserve review for each product line of business based on a variety of methodologies in accordance with Actuarial Standards of Practice. A reasonable range of unpaid loss estimates is derived from, but not limited to, the following methodologies: 
 
 Incurred Loss Development Methodology; 
 Paid Loss Development Methodology; 
 Bornhuetter-Ferguson Incurred Loss Methodology; 
 Bornhuetter-Ferguson Paid Loss Methodology; and 
 Frequency and Severity Methodology. 
 The actuarial best estimate for each product line of business for ultimate losses and LAE represents an expected value considering a range of reasonable outcomes. 

60 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued) 
 The key assumption in these estimation methodologies is that patterns observed in prior periods are indicative of how losses and LAE are expected to develop in the future and that such historical data can be used to predict and estimate ultimate losses and LAE. However, changes in the Company s business processes, by their very nature, are likely to affect the development patterns, which means the Company s actuaries must routinely make assumptions about how changes in business practices would affect historical patterns. 
 The ultimate impact of a single change in a business process is difficult to quantify and detect, and even more difficult if several changes to business processes occur over several years. Initially after a change is implemented, there are fewer data points, as compared to the historical data, for the Company s actuaries to analyze. With fewer data points to analyze, the Company s actuaries cannot be certain that observed differences from the historical data trends are a result of the change in business process or merely a random fluctuation in the data. As the Company s actuaries observe more data points following the change in business process, the Company s actuaries can gain more confidence in whether the change in business process is affecting the development pattern. The challenge for the Company s actuaries is how much weight to place on the development patterns based on the older historical data and how much weight to place on the development patterns based on more recent data. 
 For each accident quarter or year, the point estimate selected by the Company s actuaries is not necessarily one of the points produced by any particular one of the methodologies utilized, but often is another point selected by the Company s actuaries, using their professional judgment, that takes into consideration each of the points produced by the several loss reserving estimation methodologies used. In some cases, for a particular product, the current accident quarter or year may not have enough paid claims data to rely upon, leading the Company s actuaries to conclude that the incurred loss development methodology provides a better estimate than the paid loss development methodology. Therefore, the Company s actuaries may give more weight to the incurred loss development methodology for that particular accident quarter or year. As an accident quarter or year ages for that same product, the actuary may gain more confidence in the paid loss development methodology and begin to give more weight to the paid loss development methodology. The Company s actuaries quarterly selections are summed by product and/or coverage levels to create the actuarial indication of the ultimate losses. More often than not, the actuarial indication for a particular product line and accident quarter or year is most heavily weighted toward the incurred loss development methodology, particularly for short-tail lines such as personal automobile insurance. Historically, the incurred loss development methodology has been more reliable in predicting ultimate losses for short-tail lines, especially in the more recent accident quarters or years, compared with the paid loss development methodology. However, in some circumstances changes can occur which impact numerous variables, including, but not limited to, those variables identified below that are difficult to quantify and/or impact the predictive value of prior development patterns relied upon in the incurred loss development methodology and paid loss development methodology. In those circumstances, the Company s actuaries must make adjustments to these loss reserving estimation methodologies or use additional generally accepted actuarial estimation methodologies. In those circumstances, the Company s actuaries, using their professional judgment, may place more weight on the adjusted loss reserving estimation methodologies or other generally accepted actuarial estimation methodologies until the newer development patterns fully emerge and the Company s actuaries can fully rely on the unadjusted loss reserving estimation methodologies. In the event of a wide variation among results generated by the different projection methodologies, the Company s actuaries further analyze the data using additional techniques. 
 In estimating reserves, the Company s actuaries exercise professional judgment and must consider, and are influenced by, many variables that are difficult to quantify, such as: 
 Changes in the level of minimum case reserves, and the automatic aging of those minimum case reserves; 
 Changes to claims practices, including, but not limited to, changes in the reporting and impact of large losses, timing of reported claims, changes in claims closing and re-opening patterns, adequacy of case reserves. 
 Implementation of new systems for handling claims, turnover of claims department staffs, timing and depth of the audit review of claims handling procedures; 
 Changes in the mix of business by state, class and policy limit within product line; 
 Growth in new lines of business; 
 Changes in the attachment points of the Company s reinsurance programs; 
 Medical costs, including, but not limited to, the ability to assess the extent of injuries and the impact of inflation; 
 Repair costs, including, but not limited to, the impact of inflation and the availability of labor and materials; 
 Changes in the judicial environment, including, but not limited to, the interpretation of policy provisions, the impact of jury awards and changes in case law; and 
 Changes in state regulatory requirements. 

61 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued) 
 A change in any one or more of the foregoing factors is likely to result in a projected ultimate net loss and LAE that is different from the previously estimated reserve and/or previous frequency and severity trends. Such changes in estimates may be material. 
 For example, the Company s actuaries review frequency (number of claims per policy or exposure), severity (dollars of loss per claim) and average premium (dollars of premium per exposure). Actual frequency and severity experienced will vary depending on changes in mix by class of insured risk. Similarly, the actual frequency and rate of recovery from reinsurance will vary depending on changes in the attachment point for reinsurance. In particular, in periods of high growth or expansion into new markets, there may be additional uncertainty in estimating the ultimate losses and LAE. The contributing factors of this potential risk are changes in the Company s mix by policy limit and mix of business by state or jurisdiction. 
 Actuaries use historical experience and trends as predictors of how losses and LAE will emerge over time. However, historical experience may not necessarily be indicative of how actual losses and LAE will emerge. Changes in case reserve adequacy, changes in minimum case reserves and changes in internal claims handling procedures could impact the timing and recognition of incurred claims and produce an estimate that is either too high or too low if not adjusted for by the actuary. For example, if, due to changes in claims handling procedures, actual claims are settled more rapidly than they were settled historically, the estimate produced by the paid loss development methodology would tend to be overstated if the actuary did not identify and adjust for the impact of the changes in claims handling procedures. Similarly, if, due to changes in claims handling procedures, actual claim reserves are set at levels higher than past experience, the estimate produced by the incurred loss development methodology would tend to be overstated if the actuary did not identify and adjust for the impact of the changes in claims handling procedures. 
 The final step in the quarterly loss and LAE reserving process involves a comprehensive review of the actuarial indications by the Company s chief reserving actuary and corporate management who apply their collective judgment and determine the appropriate estimated level of reserves to record. Numerous factors are considered in this determination process, including, but not limited to, the assessed reliability of key loss trends and assumptions that may be significantly influencing the current actuarial indications, changes in claim handling practices or other changes that affect the timing of payment or development patterns, changes in the mix of business, the maturity of the accident quarter or year, pertinent trends observed over the recent past, the level of volatility within a particular line of business, the improvement or deterioration of actuarial indications in the current period as compared to prior periods, and the amount of reserves related to third party pools for which the Company does not have access to the underlying data and, accordingly, relies on calculations provided by such pools. 
 Estimated Variability of Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves 
 The Company s goal is to ensure that its total reserves for property and casualty insurance losses and LAE are adequate to cover all costs, while sustaining minimal variation from the time reserves for losses and LAE are initially estimated until losses and LAE are fully paid. Changes in the Company s estimates of these losses and LAE over time, also referred to as development, will occur and may be material. Favorable development is recognized and reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements when the Company decreases its previous estimate of ultimate losses and LAE and results in an increase in net income in the period recognized, whereas adverse development is recognized and reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements when the Company increases its previous estimate of ultimate losses and LAE and results in a decrease in net income. 
 Although development will emerge in all of the Company s product lines, development in the Company s specialty personal automobile insurance product line could have the most significant impact due to the relative size of its loss and LAE reserves. To further illustrate the sensitivity of the Company s reserves for specialty personal automobile insurance losses and LAE, the Company measures the standard deviation of the mean reserve estimate using a bootstrapping methodology. The Company believes that one standard deviation of variability is a reasonably likely scenario to measure variability for its loss and LAE reserves for specialty personal automobile insurance. The Company estimates that its specialty personal automobile insurance loss and LAE reserves could have varied by 178.9 million in either direction at December 31, 2022 for all accident years combined under this scenario. In addition to the factors described above, other factors may also impact loss reserve development in future periods. These factors include governmental actions, including court decisions interpreting existing laws, regulations or policy provisions, developments related to insurance policy claims and coverage issues, adverse or favorable outcomes in pending claims litigation, the number and severity of insurance claims, the impact of inflation on insurance claims and the impact of required participation in windpools and joint underwriting associations and residual market assessments. 

62 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued) 
 Although the Company s actuaries do not make specific numerical assumptions about these factors, changes in these factors from past patterns will impact historical loss development factors and, in turn, future loss reserve development. Significant favorable changes in one or more factors will lead to favorable future loss reserve development, which could result in the actual loss developing closer to, or even below, the lower end of the Company s estimated reserve variability. Significant unfavorable changes in one or more factors will lead to unfavorable loss reserve development, which could result in the actual loss developing closer to, or even above, the higher end of the Company s estimated reserve variability. Accordingly, due to these factors and the other factors enumerated throughout the MD A and the inherent limitations of the loss reserving estimation methodologies, the estimated and illustrated reserve variability may not necessarily be indicative of the Company s future reserve variability, which could ultimately be greater than the estimated and illustrated variability. In addition, as previously noted, development will emerge in all of the Company s product lines over time. Accordingly, the Company s future reserve variability could ultimately be greater than the illustrated variability. Additional information pertaining to the estimation of, and development of, the Company s Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves is contained in Item 1 of Part I of this 2022 Annual Report under the heading Property and Casualty Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves. 
 Goodwill Recoverability 
 The Company tests goodwill for recoverability at the reporting unit level on an annual basis, or whenever events or circumstances indicate the fair value of a reporting unit may have declined below its carrying value. The Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units with goodwill as of October 1, 2022. The quantitative assessment compares the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value to determine if there is an impairment of goodwill. Estimating the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions by the Company. The estimates and assumptions included, but were not limited to, projections of future cash flows, operating results, discount rates, investment yields and market conditions. Such projections are inherently uncertain and, accordingly, actual future results may differ materially from the Company s projections. For each reporting unit tested, with the exception of Reserve National Insurance Company Reserve National ), which was sold during 2022, the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value of the reporting unit, and the Company concluded that the associated goodwill was recoverable. Goodwill attributed to Reserve National as part of the entity s sale in 2022 was separately tested for recoverability which resulted in goodwill impairment of 11.4 million, 6.9 million of which was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022. See Note 13, Goodwill and Intangibles, for more information. 
 Pension Benefit Obligations 
 The process of estimating the Company s pension benefit obligations and pension benefit costs is inherently uncertain and the actual cost of benefits may vary materially from the estimates recorded. These liabilities are particularly volatile due to their long-term nature and are based on several assumptions. The main assumptions used in the valuation of the Company s pension benefit obligations and pension costs are: 
 Estimated mortality of the participants and beneficiaries eligible for benefits; 
 Estimated expected long-term rates of returns on investments; and 
 Estimated rate used to discount the expected benefit payment to a present value. 
 A change in any one or more of these assumptions is likely to result in a projected benefit obligation or pension cost that differs from the actuarial estimates at December 31, 2022. Such changes in estimates may be material. 
 Recoverability of Deferred Tax Assets 
 The evaluation of the recoverability of our deferred tax assets and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists, the more positive evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed. 
 Recent events, including changes in target interest rates by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and significant market volatility, continue to impact actual and projected results of our business operations as well as our views on potential effectiveness of certain prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. In order to demonstrate the predictability and sufficiency of future taxable income necessary to support the realizability of the deferred tax assets, we have considered forecasts of future income for each of our businesses, inclusive of the impact of rate increases as well as assumptions about future macro-economic and other specific conditions and events, and any impact these conditions and events may have on our 
 
 63 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued) 
 
 prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. We also subjected the forecasts to a variety of stresses of key assumptions and evaluated the effect on tax attribute utilization. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 Except for rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC is the sole source of authoritative GAAP recognized by the FASB that is applicable to the Company. The FASB issues Accounting Standards Updates ASUs to amend the authoritative literature in the FASB ASC. 
 The Company has adopted all recently issued accounting pronouncements with effective dates prior to January 1, 2023. See Note 2, Summary of Accounting Policies and Accounting Changes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion on adoption of these ASUs and impacts to the Company s financial statements, which were not material. For all recently issued accounting pronouncements with effective dates after December 31, 2022, the Company does not expect adoption to have a material impact on its financial statements, with the exception of ASU 2018-12 , Financial Services - Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts. 
 
 64 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Quantitative Information About Market Risk 
 The Company s consolidated balance sheets include three types of financial instruments subject to the material market risk disclosures required by the SEC: 
 
 1. Investments in Fixed Maturities; 
 2. Investments in Equity Securities at Fair Value; and 
 3. Debt. 
 Investments in Fixed Maturities and Debt are subject to material interest rate risk. The Company s Investments in Equity Securities include common and preferred stocks and hedge funds and, accordingly, are subject to material equity price risk and interest rate risk. 
 For purposes of this disclosure, market risk sensitive financial instruments are divided into two categories: financial instruments acquired for trading purposes and financial instruments acquired for purposes other than trading. The Company s market risk sensitive financial instruments are generally classified as held for purposes other than trading. The Company has no significant holdings of financial instruments acquired for trading purposes. As of December 31, 2022 the Company had 105.0 million notional amount of derivatives holdings. 
 The Company measures its sensitivity to market risk by evaluating the change in its financial assets and liabilities relative to fluctuations in interest rates and equity prices. The evaluation is made using instantaneous changes in interest rates and equity prices on a static balance sheet to determine the effect such changes would have on the Company s market value at risk and the resulting pre-tax effect on Shareholders Equity. The changes chosen represent the Company s view of adverse changes which are reasonably possible over a one-year period. The selection of the changes chosen should not be construed as the Company s prediction of future market events, but rather an illustration of the impact of such possible events. 
 For the interest rate sensitivity analysis presented below, the Company assumed an adverse and instantaneous increase of 100 basis points in the yield curve at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 for Investments in Fixed Maturities. Such 100 basis point increase in the yield curve may not necessarily result in a corresponding 100 basis point increase in the interest rate for all investments in fixed maturities. For example, a 100 basis point increase in the yield curve for risk-free, taxable investments in fixed maturities may not result in a 100 basis point increase for tax-exempt investments in fixed maturities. For Investments in Fixed Maturities, the Company also anticipated changes in cash flows due to changes in the likelihood that investments would be called or prepaid prior to their contractual maturity. All other variables were held constant. For preferred stock equity securities, the Company assumed an adverse and instantaneous increase of 100 basis points in market interest rates from their levels at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. All other variables were held constant. For Debt, the Company assumed an adverse and instantaneous decrease of 100 basis points in market interest rates from their levels at December 31, 2022 and 2021. All other variables were held constant. The Company measured equity price sensitivity assuming an adverse and instantaneous 30 decrease in the Standard and Poor s Stock Index (the S P 500 from its level at December 31, 2022 and 2021, with all other variables held constant. The Company s investments in common stock equity securities were correlated with the S P 500 using the portfolio s weighted-average beta of 0.41 and 0.68 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Beta measures a stock s relative volatility in relation to the rest of the stock market, with the S P 500 having a beta coefficient of 1.00. The Equity Securities at Fair Value portfolio s weighted-average beta was calculated using each security s assumed forward looking betas based on underlying investment characteristics weighted by the fair value of such securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. For equity securities without observable market inputs, the Company assumed a beta of 1.00 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 65 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. (Continued) 
 
 The estimated adverse effects on the fair value of the Company s financial instruments at December 31, 2022 using these assumptions were: 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Fair Value Pro Forma Increase (Decrease) Interest Rate Risk Equity Price Risk Total Market Risk ASSETS Investments in Fixed Maturities 6,894.8 (503.3) (503.3) Investments in Equity Securities 243.2 (1.2) (24.7) (25.9) LIABILITIES Debt 1,195.1 58.7 58.7 
 The estimated adverse effects on the fair value of the Company s financial instruments at December 31, 2021 using these assumptions were: 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Fair Value Pro Forma Increase (Decrease) Interest Rate Risk Equity Price Risk Total Market Risk ASSETS Investments in Fixed Maturities 7,986.9 (643.8) (643.8) Investments in Equity Securities 830.6 (2.1) (160.0) (162.1) LIABILITIES Debt 1,152.1 47.1 47.1 
 The market risk sensitivity analysis assumes that the composition of the Company s interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities, including, but not limited to, credit quality, and the equity price sensitive assets existing at the beginning of the period remains constant over the period being measured. It also assumes that a particular change in interest rates is uniform across the yield curve regardless of the time to maturity. Interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in market interest rates. Also, any future correlation, either in the near term or the long term, between the Company s common stock equity securities and fair value option portfolios and the S P 500 may differ from the historical correlation as represented by the weighted-average historical beta of the common stock equity securities and fair value option portfolios. Accordingly, the market risk sensitivity analysis may not be indicative of, is not intended to provide, and does not provide, a precise forecast of the effect of changes of market rates on the Company s income or shareholders equity. Further, the computations do not contemplate any actions the Company may undertake in response to changes in interest rates or equity prices. 
 To the extent that any adverse 100 basis point change occurs in increments over a period of time instead of instantaneously, the adverse impact on fair values would be partially mitigated because some of the underlying financial instruments would have matured. For example, proceeds from any maturing assets could be reinvested and any new liabilities would be incurred at the then current interest rates. 
 Qualitative Information About Market Risk 
 Market risk is a broad term related to economic losses due to adverse changes in the fair value of a financial instrument and is inherent to all financial instruments. SEC disclosure rules focus on only one element of market risk price risk. Price risk relates to changes in the level of prices due to changes in interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates or other factors that relate to market volatility of the rate, index, or price underlying the financial instrument. The Company s primary market risk exposures are to changes in interest rates and equity prices. 
 The Company manages its interest rate exposures with respect to Investments in Fixed Maturities by investing primarily in investment-grade securities of moderate effective duration. 
 
 66 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements of 
 Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 69 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 73 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Significant Estimates 74 
 Note 2 Summary of Accounting Policies and Accounting Changes 75 
 Note 3 Net (Loss) Income per Unrestricted Share 81 
 Note 4 Acquisition of Business 81 
 Note 5 Dispositions 83 
 Note 6 Business Segments 84 
 Note 7 Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves 87 
 Note 8 Insurance Expenses 98 
 Note 9 Investments 99 
 Note 10 Income from Investments 104 
 Note 11 Derivatives 106 
 Note 12 Fair Value Measurements 108 
 Note 13 Goodwill and Intangibles 115 
 Note 14 Variable Interest Entities 116 
 Note 15 Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income and Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 117 
 Note 16 Shareholders Equity 118 
 Note 17 Pension Benefits 119 
 Note 18 Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions 123 
 Note 19 Long-term Equity-based Compensation 125 
 Note 20 Policyholder Obligations 129 
 Note 21 Debt 130 
 Note 22 Leases 132 
 Note 23 Catastrophe Reinsurance 134 
 Note 24 Other Reinsurance 136 
 Note 25 Income Taxes 137 
 Note 26 Contingencies 139 
 Note 27 Related Parties 139 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Deloitte Touche LLP: PCAOB Firm ID - 
 140 

67 

KEMPER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF (LOSS) INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: 
 Earned Premiums 
 Net Investment Income 
 Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments ) ) Other Income (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities ) Net Realized Investment Gains Impairment Losses ) ) ) Total Revenues 
 Expenses: 
 Policyholders Benefits and Incurred Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 Insurance Expenses 
 Loss from Early Extinguishment of Debt 
 Interest and Other Expenses 
 Total Expenses 
 (Loss) Income before Income Taxes ) ) Income Tax Benefit (Expense) ) Net (Loss) Income ) ) Net (Loss) Income Per Unrestricted Share: Basic 
 ) ) Diluted 
 ) ) 
 The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 68 

KEMPER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 For The Years Ended December 31, DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Net (Loss) Income ) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Before Income Taxes: Changes in Net Unrealized Holding (Losses) Gains on Investment Securities with: No Credit Losses Recognized in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income ) ) Credit Losses Recognized in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income ) ) Decrease (Increase) in Net Unrecognized Postretirement Benefit Costs ) Gain on Cash Flow Hedges Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Before Income Taxes ) ) Other Comprehensive Income Tax Benefit (Expense) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income, Net of Taxes ) ) Total Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) ) 
 The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

69 

KEMPER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS 2022 2021 Assets: Investments: Fixed Maturities at Fair Value (Amortized Cost: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Allowance for Credit Losses: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Equity Securities at Fair Value (Cost: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Equity Method Limited Liability Investments Alternative Energy Partnership Investments Short-term Investments at Cost which Approximates Fair Value Company-Owned Life Insurance Loans to Policyholders 
 Other Investments Total Investments Cash Receivables from Policyholders (Allowance for Credit Losses: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Other Receivables Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Goodwill Current Income Tax Assets Deferred Income Tax Assets Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: Insurance Reserves: Life and Health Property and Casualty Total Insurance Reserves Unearned Premiums Policyholder Obligations Deferred Income Tax Liabilities Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Long-term Debt, Current and Non-current, at Amortized Cost (Fair Value: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Total Liabilities Shareholders Equity: Common Stock, Par Value, Shares Authorized; Shares Issued and Outstanding at December 31, 2022 and Shares Issued and Outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 70 

KEMPER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For The Years Ended December 31, DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net (Loss) Income ) ) Adjustments to Reconcile Net (Loss) Income to Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities: Net Realized Investment Gains ) ) ) Impairment Losses Depreciation and Amortization of Property, Equipment and Software Amortization of Intangible Assets Acquired Settlement Costs Related to Defined Benefit Pension Plan Loss from Early Extinguishment of Debt Change in Accumulated Undistributed Earnings of Equity Method Limited Liability Investments ) ) ) Loss from Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments Decrease (Increase) in Value of Equity and Convertible Securities ) ) Changes in: Receivables from Policyholders ) ) Reinsurance Recoverables ) Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs ) ) Insurance Reserves Unearned Premiums ) Income Taxes ) ) Other Assets and Liabilities ) ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Proceeds from the Sales, Calls and Maturities of Fixed Maturities Proceeds from the Sales or Paydowns of Investments: Equity Securities Real Estate Investments Mortgage Loans Other Investments Purchases of Investments: Fixed Maturities ) ) ) Equity Securities ) ) ) Real Estate Investments ) ) ) Corporate-Owned Life Insurance ) ) ) Mortgage Loans ) ) ) Other Investments ) ) ) Net Sales (Purchases) of Short-term Investments ) Acquisition of Business, Net of Cash Acquired ) Sales of Businesses, Net of Cash Disposed Acquisition of Software and Long-lived Assets ) ) ) Other Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) ) 
 The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

71 

KEMPER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 For The Years Ended December 31, DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Net Cash Provided Used in Investing Activities (Carryforward from page 71) ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Repayment of Long-term Debt ) ) Proceeds from Issuance of Senior Notes due February 23, 2032 
 Issuance Fees on Senior Notes due February 23, 2032 
 ) Proceeds from Issuance of Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures Due 2062 
 Issuance Fees on Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures Due 2062 
 ) Proceeds from Issuance of Senior Notes due September 30, 2030 
 Issuance Fees on Senior Notes due September 30, 2030 
 ) Proceeds from Policyholder Contract Obligations Repayment of Policyholder Contract Obligations ) ) ) Proceeds from Shares Issued under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Common Stock Repurchases ) ) Dividends Paid ) ) ) Other Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash, Beginning of Year Cash, End of Year 
 The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

72 

KEMPER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 DOLLARS AND SHARES IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS For the Year Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Number of Shares Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Shareholders Equity BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2019 
 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income, Net of Taxes (Note 15) 
 Cash Dividends and Dividend Equivalents to Shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Issuances of Common Stock (Note 16) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Shares Issued Under Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Note 16) 
 Equity-based Compensation Cost (Note 19) 
 Equity-based Awards, Net of Shares Exchanged (Note 19) 
 ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2020 
 Net Loss ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Taxes (Note 15) 
 ) ) Cash Dividends and Dividend Equivalents to Shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of Common Stock (Note 16) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Shares Issued Under Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Note 16) Equity-based Compensation Cost (Note 19) Equity-based Awards, Net of Shares Exchanged (Note 19) ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 Net Loss ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Taxes (Note 15) 
 ) ) Cash Dividends and Dividend Equivalents to Shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Shares Issued Under Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Note 16) Equity-based Compensation Cost (Note 19) Equity-based Awards, Net of Shares Exchanged (Note 19) ) ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 ) 
 The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

73 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1. 

74 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 2. 
 
 75 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

76 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

to . Lapse rate assumptions are based on actual and industry experience. Insurance Reserves for life insurance products are comprised of reserves for future policy benefits plus an estimate of the Company s liability for unpaid life insurance claims and claims adjustment expenses, which includes an estimate for IBNR life insurance claims. Prior to 2016, except when required by applicable law, the Company did not utilize the database of reported deaths maintained by the Social Security Administration or any other comparable database (a Death Master File or DMF in its operations, including to determine its IBNR liability for life insurance products. Instead of using such a database, the Company calculated its IBNR liability for life insurance products using Company-specific historical information, which included analyzing average paid claims and the average lag between date of death and the date reported to the Company for claims for which proof of death had been provided. In 2016, the Company initiated a voluntary enhancement of its claims handling procedures for its life insurance policies. The Company is now utilizing a DMF to identify potential situations where the Company has yet to be notified of an insured s death and, as appropriate, initiating an outreach process to identify and contact beneficiaries and settle claims. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued Investment Income was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Ceded Reinsurance Reserves were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Receivables from limited liability investments and investments in partnerships were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 77 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. VOBA is amortized over the expected profit emergence period of the policies in force as of the acquisition date. The Company evaluates VOBA assets for recoverability annually. 
 The Company accounts for the future profits embedded in customer relationships Customer Relationships acquired based on the present value of estimated future cash flows from such relationships. Customer Relationships were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the relationship. Customer Relationships are tested for recoverability using undiscounted projections of future cash flows and are written down to estimated fair value if the carrying value exceeds the sum of such projections of undiscounted cash flows. 
 The Company accounts for the present value of the future profits embedded in broker or agent relationships acquired Agent Relationships based on the present value of estimated future cash flows from such acquired relationships or, using the cost recovery method, which estimates the ultimate cost to build a comparable distribution network. Agent Relationships were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the relationship. Agent Relationships are tested for recoverability using undiscounted projections of future cash flows and are written down to estimated fair value if the carrying value exceeds the sum of such projections of undiscounted cash flows. 

78 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-12, Financial Services-Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . ASU 2018-12 amends the accounting model for certain long-duration insurance contracts and requires the insurer to provide additional disclosures in annual and interim reporting periods. In November 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-11 which deferred the effective date of ASU 2018-12 by one year for public business entities. ASU 2018-12 is now effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those annual periods. The amendments in ASU 2018-12 (i) require cash flow assumptions used to measure the liability for future policy benefits for nonparticipating traditional and limited pay long-duration contracts to be updated at least annually with the recognition and remeasurement recorded in net income. It also requires the discount rate used in measuring the liability to be an upper-medium grade fixed-income instrument yield, which is to be updated at each reporting period, and recognized in other comprehensive income, (ii) simplify the amortization of deferred acquisition costs to be amortized on a constant level basis over the expected term of the contract, (iii) require all market risk benefits to be measured at fair value, and (iv) enhance certain presentation and disclosure requirements which include disaggregated rollforwards for liability for future policy benefits, policyholder account balances, market risk benefits, separate account liabilities, deferred acquisition costs, and information about significant inputs, judgments and methods used in the measurement. The Company will adopt ASU 2018-12 effective January 1, 2023 using the modified retrospective transition method, with a transition date of the earliest period presented, January 1, 2021. Using this transition method, the Company estimates the after-tax impact as of the transition date will be a decrease to Shareholders Equity of approximately billion to billion. The most significant driver of the transition adjustment will be the effect of 
 
 79 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING CHANGES (Continued) 
 updating the discount rate assumption to reflect an upper-medium grade fixed-income instrument yield, which will be generally equivalent to a single-A rated corporate bond interest rate. Holding all else equal, but using the discount rates as of December 31, 2022, the after-tax transition impact would have been an increase in Shareholders Equity due to the change in reserves of approximately million to million. The discount rate impact to AOCI would reflect the impact of both the change in future policy benefits and the change in the fair value of invested assets, with the impact to the fair value of invested assets not included in the range above. Adoption will also significantly expand the Company s disclosures, and will have an impact on systems, processes, and controls. 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures , which eliminates the accounting guidance on troubled debt restructurings TDRs for creditors in ASC 310-40 and amends the guidance on "vintage disclosures" to require disclosure of current-period gross write-offs by year of origination. ASU 2022-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022 and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the TDR guidance on its financial statements. The vintage disclosure guidance is not applicable. 
 
 80 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 3. NET (LOSS) INCOME PER UNRESTRICTED SHARE) ) Less: Net Income Attributed to Participating Awards Net (Loss) Income Attributed to Unrestricted Shares ) ) Dilutive Effect on Income of Equity-based Compensation Equivalent Shares 
 Diluted Net (Loss) Income Attributed to Unrestricted Shares ) ) SHARES IN THOUSANDS Weighted-average Unrestricted Shares Outstanding 
 Equity-based Compensation Equivalent Shares 
 Weighted-average Unrestricted Shares and Equivalent Shares Outstanding Assuming Dilution 
 PER UNRESTRICTED SHARE IN WHOLE DOLLARS Basic Net (Loss) Income Per Unrestricted Share ) ) Diluted Net (Loss) Income Per Unrestricted Share ) ) 
 
 Weighted-average Unrestricted Shares and Equivalent Shares Outstanding Assuming Dilution 

NOTE 4. 
 million. 
 During 2022, the Company finalized its estimates of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. There were no changes to the Company s preliminary estimates or allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 

81 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Equity Securities at Fair Value Short-term Investments at Cost which Approximates Fair Value Cash Receivables from Policyholders Other Receivables Goodwill Current Income Tax Assets Other Assets Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves ) Unearned Premiums ) Deferred Income Tax Liabilities ) Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities ) Total Purchase Price 
 The factors that contributed to the recognition of goodwill include synergies from economies of scale within the underwriting and claims operations, acquiring a talented workforce and cost savings opportunities. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets consist of capitalized costs, primarily of the estimated fair value of distribution, customer relationships, policies in force, trade names and licenses, and technology. The estimated useful lives of these assets range from to years. These assets are reported in Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Customer Relationships Agent Relationships Internal-Use Software Trade Names Indefinite Life Intangible Assets Insurance Licenses 

82 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Total Expenses 
 Loss from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes ) ) Net Loss ) ) 
 
 The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the consolidated results of operations that might have been achieved had the transaction in fact occurred at the beginning of the periods presented, nor does the information project results for any future period. The pro forma information does not include the impact of any future cost savings or synergies that may be achieved as a result of the acquisition. 

NOTE 5. 

million in total consideration. The sale closed on December 1, 2022. Subsequent adjustments to this purchase price could occur pursuant to the definitive agreement but are not expected to be material. In connection with the sale, a loss of million, or million net of income tax, was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is reflected in Interest and Other Expenses on the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. Prior to measuring the final loss on sale, the goodwill assigned to the reporting unit was tested for impairment, which resulted in a total impairment loss of million on the sale of Reserve National, million of which was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022 and also reflected in Interest and Other Expenses on the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. Reserve National s results of operations are reported in the Life Health segment s adjusted earnings through December 1, 2022. 

83 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 5. DISPOSITIONS (Continued) 
 Short-term Investments at Cost which Approximates Fair Value Loans to Policyholders Total Investments Cash Receivables from Policyholders Other Receivables Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Goodwill Other Assets Investment in Subsidiaries Total Assets Liabilities: Insurance Reserves: Health Insurance Reserves Unearned Premiums Deferred Income Tax Liabilities Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Total Liabilities 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 operating segments: Specialty Property Casualty Insurance, Preferred Property Casualty Insurance, and Life Health Insurance. 
 The Specialty Property Casualty Insurance segment s principal products are specialty automobile insurance and commercial automobile insurance. The Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment s principal products are preferred automobile insurance, homeowners insurance and other personal insurance. These products are distributed primarily through independent agents and brokers. The Life Health Insurance segment s principal products are individual life, accident, supplemental health and property insurance. These products are distributed by career agents employed by the Company. 
 The Company s earned premiums are derived in the United States. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 2, Summary of Accounting Policies and Accounting Changes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Capital expenditures for long-lived assets by operating segment are immaterial. 
 It is the Company s management practice to allocate certain corporate expenses, primarily compensation costs for corporate employees and related facility costs, included in Interest and Other Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income to its insurance operations. The amount of such allocated corporate expenses was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company does not allocate (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities, Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments, Impairment Losses, Acquisition and Disposition Related Transaction, Integration, Restructuring and Other Costs, Loss from Early Extinguishment of Debt, interest expense on debt or postretirement benefit plans, and actuarial gains and losses on its postretirement benefit plans to its operating segments. 

84 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Preferred Property Casualty Insurance Life Health Insurance Corporate and Other, Net Total Assets 
 Commercial Automobile Preferred Property Casualty Insurance: Preferred Automobile Homeowners Other Personal Lines Life Health Insurance: Life Accident Health Property Total Earned Premiums 

85 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Net Investment Income Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments ) ) Other Income Total Specialty Property Casualty Insurance Preferred Property Casualty Insurance: Earned Premiums Net Investment Income Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments ) ) Other Income Total Preferred Property Casualty Insurance Life Health Insurance: Earned Premiums Net Investment Income Change in Value of Alternative Energy Partnership Investments ) ) Other (Loss) Income ) ) Total Life Health Insurance Total Segment Revenues (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities ) Net Realized Investment Gains Net Impairment Losses Recognized in Earnings ) ) ) Other Total Revenues 

86 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 ) Preferred Property Casualty Insurance ) ) Life Health Insurance Total Segment Operating (Loss) Income ) ) Corporate and Other Operating (Loss) Income From: Partial Satisfaction of Judgment Other ) ) ) Corporate and Other Operating (Loss) Income ) ) Adjusted Consolidated Operating (Loss) Income ) ) (Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities ) Net Realized Investment Gains Impairment Losses ) ) ) Acquisition and Disposition Related Transaction, Integration, Restructuring and Other Costs ) ) ) Pension Obligation Settlement Costs ) Loss from Early Extinguishment of Debt ) (Loss) Income before Income Taxes ) )) ) Preferred Property Casualty Insurance ) ) Life Health Insurance Total Segment Net Operating (Loss) Income ) ) Corporate and Other Net Operating (Loss) Income From: Partial Satisfaction of Judgment Other ) ) ) Total Corporate and Other Net Operating (Loss) Income ) ) Adjusted Consolidated Net Operating (Loss) Income ) ) Net (Loss) Income From: Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities ) Net Realized Investment Gains Impairment Losses ) ) ) Acquisition and Disposition Related Transaction, Integration, Restructuring and Other Costs ) ) ) Pension Obligation Settlement Costs ) Loss from Early Extinguishment of Debt ) Net (Loss) Income ) ) 

87 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 7. 
 or more years, depending on the size of the product line and/or coverage level or emerging issues relating to them. The Company s actuaries use a variety of generally accepted actuarial loss reserving estimation methodologies to estimate the ultimate losses and LAE for the current accident quarter or year and re-estimate the ultimate losses and LAE for previous accident quarters or years to determine if changes in the previous estimates of the ultimate losses and LAE are indicated by the most recent data. 
 The key assumption in these estimation methodologies is that patterns observed in prior periods are indicative of how losses and LAE are expected to develop in the future and that such historical data can be used to predict and estimate ultimate losses and LAE. However, changes in the Company s business processes, by their very nature, are likely to affect the development patterns, which generally results in the historical development factors becoming less reliable over time in predicting how losses and LAE will ultimately develop. The Company s actuaries use professional judgment in determining how much weight to place on the development patterns based on the older historical data and how much weight to place on the development patterns based on more recent data. In some cases, the Company s actuaries make adjustments to the loss reserving estimation methodologies to estimate ultimate losses and LAE. The Company s actuaries quarterly or yearly selections are summed by product and/or coverage levels to create the actuarial indication of the ultimate losses and LAE. Paid amounts are then subtracted from the ultimates to compute the reserves for property and casualty insurance losses and LAE. These results are reviewed by the Company s actuaries and corporate management who apply their collective judgment and determine the appropriate estimated level of reserves to record. Numerous factors are considered in this determination process, including, but not limited to, the assessed reliability of key loss trends and assumptions that may be significantly influencing the current actuarial indications, changes in claim handling practices or other changes that affect the timing of payment or development patterns, changes in the mix of business, the maturity of the accident year, pertinent trends observed over the recent past, the level of volatility within a particular line of business, the improvement or deterioration of actuarial indications in the current period as compared to prior periods, and the amount of reserves related to third party pools for which the Company has limited access to the underlying data and, accordingly, relies on calculations provided by such pools. The Company s goal is to ensure that its total reserves for property and casualty insurance losses and LAE are adequate to cover all costs, while sustaining minimal variation from the time reserves for losses and LAE are initially estimated until losses and LAE are fully developed. Changes in the Company s estimates of these losses and LAE over time, also referred to as development, will occur and may be material. 
 The following tables contain information about incurred and paid claims development as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, net of reinsurance and indemnification, as well as cumulative claim frequency and the total of IBNR liabilities, including expected development on reported claims included within the net incurred losses and allocated LAE amounts. The tables are grouped by major product line and, if relevant, coverage. The information about incurred and paid claims development for the years ended December 31, 2018 through 2021 is presented as supplementary information and is unaudited. 

88 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated LAE, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Outstanding Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves on Accident Years before 2018, Net of Reinsurance Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves, Net of Reinsurance 
 1 Tables retrospectively include Infinity and AAC s historical incurred and paid accident year claim information for all periods presented. 
 
 89 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

) 2019 ) 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 Total Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated LAE, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Outstanding Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves on Accident Years before 2018, Net of Reinsurance Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves, Net of Reinsurance 
 1 Tables retrospectively include Infinity and AAC s historical incurred and paid accident year claim information for all periods presented. 
 
 90 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated LAE, Net of Reinsurance and Indemnification For the Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Outstanding Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves on Accident Years before 2018, Net of Reinsurance Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves, Net of Reinsurance 
 1 Tables retrospectively include Infinity s historical incurred and paid accident year claim information for all periods presented. 
 
 91 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

2019 ) 2020 2021 ) 2022 Total Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated LAE, Net of Reinsurance and Indemnification For the Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Outstanding Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves on Accident Years before 2018, Net of Reinsurance Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves, Net of Reinsurance 
 1 Tables retrospectively include Infinity s historical incurred and paid accident year claim information for all periods presented. 
 
 92 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated LAE, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Outstanding Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves on Accident Years before 2018, Net of Reinsurance Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves, Net of Reinsurance 
 
 93 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

2019 2020 2021 ) 2022 ) Total Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated LAE, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Outstanding Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves on Accident Years before 2018, Net of Reinsurance Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves, Net of Reinsurance 
 
 94 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated LAE, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Outstanding Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves on Accident Years before 2018, Net of Reinsurance Loss and Allocated LAE Reserves, Net of Reinsurance 
 The claim counts in the preceding tables are cumulative reported claim counts as of December 31, 2022 and are equal to the sum of cumulative open and cumulative closed claims, including claims closed without payment. Certain product lines, particularly the Company s specialty personal automobile insurance, tend to have a higher percentage of claims closed without payment. 
 The Company's claims associated with automobile insurance are counted at the feature level. As such, each claimant and each coverage is counted separately. For example, if for one occurrence, the Company's policyholder is at fault for damage to his/her own vehicle, another party's vehicle and three injured parties, there may be five features three for bodily injury liability, one for property damage liability and one for first-party collision coverage. There may also be another feature for first-party medical payments. 
 
 95 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Specialty Personal Automobile Insurance Physical Damage Commercial Automobile Insurance Liability Commercial Automobile Insurance Physical Damage Preferred Personal Automobile Insurance Liability Preferred Personal Automobile Insurance Physical Damage Homeowners Insurance Other Total Reinsurance Recoverables on Unpaid Losses and Allocated LAE: Specialty Personal Automobile Insurance Liability Specialty Personal Automobile Insurance Physical Damage Commercial Automobile Insurance Liability Commercial Automobile Insurance Physical Damage Preferred Personal Automobile Insurance Liability Preferred Personal Automobile Insurance Physical Damage Homeowners Insurance Other Total Unallocated LAE Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves, Gross of Reinsurance 
 Specialty Personal Automobile Insurance Physical Damage Commercial Automobile Insurance Liability Commercial Automobile Insurance Physical Damage Preferred Personal Automobile Insurance Liability Preferred Personal Automobile Insurance Physical Damage Homeowners Insurance 
 
 96 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Less Reinsurance Recoverables at Beginning of Year Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves, Net of Reinsurance at Beginning of Year 
 Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves Acquired, Net of Reinsurance 
 Incurred Losses and LAE related to: Current Year Prior Years ) Total Incurred Losses and LAE Paid Losses and LAE related to: Current Year: Prior Years Total Paid Losses and LAE Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves, Net of Reinsurance at End of Year Plus Reinsurance Recoverables at End of Year Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves, Gross of Reinsurance at End of Year 
 
 Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves are estimated based on historical experience patterns and current economic trends. Actual loss experience and loss trends are likely to differ from these historical experience patterns and economic conditions. Loss experience and loss trends emerge over several years from the dates of loss inception. The Company monitors such emerging loss trends on a quarterly basis. Changes in such estimates are included in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income in the period of change. 
 In 2022, the Company decreased its property and casualty insurance reserves by million to recognize favorable development of loss and LAE reserves from prior accident years. Specialty Personal Automobile insurance loss and LAE reserves developed favorably by million due primarily to the emergence of more favorable loss patterns than expected for liability and physical damage insurance. Commercial Automobile insurance loss and LAE reserves developed adversely by million due primarily to the emergence of less favorable loss patterns than expected for liability insurance. Preferred Personal Automobile insurance loss and LAE reserves developed adversely by million due primarily to the emergence of less favorable loss patterns than expected for liability insurance. Homeowners insurance loss and LAE reserves developed favorably by million due primarily to the emergence of more favorable loss patterns than expected. Other personal lines loss and LAE reserves developed adversely by million due primarily to the emergence of less favorable loss patterns than expected for prior accident years. 
 In 2021, the Company increased its property and casualty insurance reserves by million to recognize adverse development of loss and LAE reserves from prior accident years. Specialty Personal Automobile insurance loss and LAE reserves developed adversely by million due primarily to legal developments and increased severity in personal injury protection coverage in Florida and other liability coverages. Commercial Automobile insurance loss and LAE reserves included adverse development of million due primarily to the emergence of less favorable loss patterns than expected for liability insurance. Preferred Personal Automobile insurance loss and LAE reserves developed adversely by million due primarily to the emergence of less favorable loss patterns than expected for liability insurance. Homeowners insurance loss and LAE reserves developed favorably by million due primarily to the emergence of more favorable loss patterns than expected. Other personal lines loss and LAE reserves developed adversely by million due primarily to the emergence of less favorable loss patterns than expected for prior accident years. 
 
 97 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million to recognize adverse development of loss and LAE reserves from prior accident years. Specialty Personal Automobile insurance loss and LAE reserves developed adversely by million due primarily to the emergence of less favorable loss patterns than expected for both liability and physical damage insurance. Commercial Automobile insurance loss and LAE reserves included favorable development of million due primarily to the emergence of more favorable loss patterns than expected for liability insurance. Preferred Personal Automobile insurance loss and LAE reserves developed adversely by million due primarily to the emergence of less favorable loss patterns than expected for liability insurance. Homeowners insurance loss and LAE reserves developed favorably by million due primarily to the emergence of more favorable loss patterns than expected. Other personal lines loss and LAE reserves developed favorably by million due primarily to the emergence of more favorable loss patterns than expected for prior accident years. 
 The Company cannot predict whether loss and LAE reserves will develop favorably or unfavorably from the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company believes that any such development will not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, but could have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial results for a given period. 
 Reinsurance recoverables on property and casualty insurance reserves were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These recoverables are concentrated with several reinsurers, the majority of which are highly rated by one or more of the principal investor and/or insurance company rating agencies. While most of these recoverables were unsecured at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the agreements with the reinsurers generally provide for some form of collateralization upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 Receivables from Policyholders - Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 
 Provision for Expected Credit Losses Write-offs of Uncollectible Receivables from Policyholders ) Balance at End of Year 
 
 The following table presents receivables from policyholders, net of the allowance for expected credit losses including a rollforward of changes in the allowance for expected credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 (Dollars in Millions) Receivables from Policyholders, Net of Allowance for Expected Credit Losses Allowance for Expected Credit Losses Balance at Beginning of Year Provision for Expected Credit Losses Write-offs of Uncollectible Receivables from Policyholders ) Balance at End of Year 

98 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

General Expenses Premium Tax Expense Total Costs Incurred Policy Acquisition Costs: Deferred ) ) ) Amortized Net Policy Acquisition Costs Amortized (Deferred) ) ) Amortization of VOBA Insurance Expenses 
 Commissions for servicing policies are expensed as incurred, rather than deferred and amortized. The Company recorded amortization of Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 9. 
 ) States and Political Subdivisions ) ) Foreign Governments ) Corporate Securities: Bonds and Notes ) ) Redeemable Preferred Stocks ) Collateralized Loan Obligations ) Other Mortgage- and Asset-backed ) Investments in Fixed Maturities ) ) 

99 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

) States and Political Subdivisions ) Foreign Governments ) Corporate Securities: Bonds and Notes ) ) Redeemable Preferred Stocks Collateralized Loan Obligations ) Other Mortgage- and Asset-backed ) Investments in Fixed Maturities ) ) 
 Other Receivables included million and million of unsettled sales of Investments in Fixed Maturities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities included unsettled purchases of Investments in Fixed Maturities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Due after One Year to Five Years Due after Five Years to Ten Years Due after Ten Years Mortgage- and Asset-backed Securities Not Due at a Single Maturity Date Investments in Fixed Maturities 
 The expected maturities of the Company s Investments in Fixed Maturities may differ from the contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 Investments in Mortgage- and Asset-backed Securities Not Due at a Single Maturity Date at December 31, 2022 consisted of securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association with a fair value of million, securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association with a fair value of million, securities issued by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation with a fair value of million and securities of other non-governmental issuers with a fair value of million. 

100 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

) ) ) States and Political Subdivisions ) ) ) Foreign Governments ) ) Corporate Securities: Bonds and Notes ) ) ) Redeemable Preferred Stocks ) ) Collateralized Loan Obligations ) ) ) Other Mortgage- and Asset-backed ) ) ) Total Fixed Maturities ) ) ) 
 The Company regularly reviews its fixed maturity investment portfolio for factors that may indicate that a decline in fair value of an investment has resulted from an expected credit loss. The portions of the declines in the fair values of fixed maturity investments that are determined to be due to expected credit losses are reported as losses in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income in the periods when such determinations are made. 
 Investment-grade fixed maturity investments comprised million and below-investment-grade fixed maturity investments comprised million of the unrealized losses on investments in fixed maturities at December 31, 2022. For below-investment-grade fixed maturity investments in an unrealized loss position, the unrealized loss amount, on average, was of the amortized cost basis. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not have the intent to sell these investments, and it was not more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell these investments before an anticipated recovery of value. The Company evaluated these investments for credit losses at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company considers many factors in evaluating whether the unrealized losses were credit related including, but not limited to, the extent to which the fair value has been less than amortized cost, conditions related to the security, industry, or geographic area, payment structure of the investment and the likelihood of the issuer s ability to make contractual cashflows, defaults or other collectability concerns related to the issuer, changes in the ratings assigned by a rating agency, and other credit enhancements that affect the investment s expected performance. The Company determined that the unrealized losses on these securities were due to non-credit related factors at the evaluation date. 

101 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

) ) ) States and Political Subdivisions ) ) ) Foreign Governments ) ) ) Corporate Securities: Bonds and Notes ) ) ) Redeemable Preferred Stocks Collateralized Loan Obligations ) ) ) Other Mortgage- and Asset-backed ) ) Total Fixed Maturities ) ) ) 
 Investment-grade fixed maturity investments comprised million and below-investment-grade fixed maturity investments comprised million of the unrealized losses on investments in fixed maturities at December 31, 2021. For below-investment-grade fixed maturity investments in an unrealized loss position, the unrealized loss amount, on average, was approximately of the amortized cost basis of the investment. 
 Fixed Maturities - Expected Credit Losses 
 The following table sets forth the change in allowance for credit losses on fixed maturities available-for-sale by major security type for year ended December 31, 2022. 
 States and Political Subdivisions Corporate Bonds and Notes Total (Dollars in Millions) Beginning of the Year Additions for Securities for which No Previous Expected Credit Losses were Recognized Net Increase in Allowance on Securities for which Expected Credit Losses were Previously Recognized Write-offs Charged Against Allowance ) ) End of Year 
 The following table sets forth the change in allowance for credit losses on fixed maturities available-for-sale by major security type for year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Foreign Governments Corporate Bonds and Notes Total (Dollars in Millions) Beginning of the Year Additions for Securities for which No Previous Expected Credit Losses were Recognized Net Decrease in Allowance on Securities for which Expected Credit Losses were Previously Recognized ) ) ) Write-offs Charged Against Allowance ) ) End of Year 
 
 102 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million. 
 Equity Method Limited Liability Investments 
 Equity Method Limited Liability Investments include investments in limited liability investment companies and limited partnerships in which the Company s interests are not deemed minor and are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The Company s investments in Equity Method Limited Liability Investments are generally of a passive nature in that the Company does not take an active role in the management of the investment entity. 
 
 In 2022 and 2021, aggregate investment income from Equity Method Limited Liability Investments exceeded 10 of the Company s pretax consolidated net income. Accordingly, the Company is disclosing aggregated summarized financial data for its Equity Method Limited Liability Investments for all periods presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Such aggregated summarized financial data does not represent the Company s proportionate share of the Equity Method Limited Liability Investment assets or earnings. Aggregate total assets of the Equity Method Limited Liability Investments in which the Company invested totaled million, million and million, as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Aggregate total liabilities of the Equity Method Limited Liability Investments in which the Company invested 
 totaled million, million and million, as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Aggregate net income of the Equity Method Limited Liability Investments in which the Company invested totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The aggregate summarized financial data is based on the most recent and sufficiently-timely financial information available to the Company as of the respective reporting dates and periods. The Company s maximum exposure to loss at December 31, 2022 is limited to the total carrying value of million. In addition, the Company had outstanding commitments totaling approximately million to fund Equity Method Limited Liability Investments at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, of Equity Method Limited Liability Investments were reported without a reporting lag, of the total carrying value were reported with a one month lag, and the remainder were reported with more than a one month lag. 
 There were unsettled purchases of Equity Method Limited Liability Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were million and million unsettled sales of Equity Method Limited Liability Investments at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Alternative Energy Partnership Investments 
 Alternative Energy Partnership Investments include partnerships formed to invest in newly installed residential solar leases and power purchase agreements. As a result of this investment, the Company has the right to certain investment tax credits and tax depreciation benefits, and to a lesser extent, cash flows generated from the installed solar systems leased to individual consumers for a fixed period of time. The HLBV equity method of accounting is used for the Company s investments in Alternative Energy Partnership Investments. 
 The Company s maximum exposure to loss at December 31, 2022 is limited to the total carrying value of million. The Company has no outstanding commitments to fund Alternative Energy Partnership Investments as of December 31, 2022. Alternative Energy Partnership Investments are reported on a three month lag. 
 Company-Owned Life Insurance 
 The carrying values of the Company s COLI investment at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

103 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively. 
 Other Investments 
 Convertible Securities at Fair Value Real Estate at Depreciated Cost Mortgage Loans Other Total 
 Investments in Equity Securities at Modified Cost were million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company performs a qualitative impairment analysis on a quarterly basis consisting of various factors such as earnings performance, current market conditions, changes in credit ratings, changes in the regulatory environment and other factors. If the qualitative analysis identifies the presence of impairment indicators, the Company estimates the fair value of the investment. If the estimated fair value is below the carrying value, the Company records an impairment in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income to reduce the carrying value to the estimated fair value. When the Company identifies observable transactions of the same or similar securities to those held by the Company, the Company increases or decreases the carrying value to the observable transaction price. The Company did not recognize any changes in carrying value due to observable transactions for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company did not recognize any impairment on Equity Securities at Modified Cost for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the Company s impairment analysis. The Company recognized no cumulative increases or decreases in the carrying value due to observable transactions and million of cumulative impairments on Equity Securities at Modified Cost held as of December 31, 2022. 

104 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 10. 
 Dividends on Equity Securities Excluding Alternative Investments Alternative Investments: Equity Method Limited Liability Investments Limited Liability Investments Included in Equity Securities Total Alternative Investments Short-term Investments Loans to Policyholders Real Estate Company-Owned Life Insurance Other Total Investment Income Investment Expenses: Real Estate Other Investment Expenses Total Investment Expenses Net Investment Income 
 Other Receivables includes accrued investment income of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

105 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Losses on Sales ) ) ) Gains on Hedging Activity Equity Securities: Gains on Sales Losses on Sales ) ) ) Equity Method Limited Liability Investments: Gains on Sales Losses on Sales ) Real Estate: Gains on Sales Losses on Sales ) Net Realized Investment Gains Gross Gains on Sales Gross Losses on Sales ) ) ) Gains on Hedging Activity Net Realized Investment Gains) ) ) Equity Securities ) ) Real Estate ) Net Impairment Losses Recognized in Earnings ) ) ) 
 
 NOTE 11. 

106 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: Reverse Treasury Lock Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Effects of Derivatives on the Statements of Income and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Cash Flow Hedges) Amount of Losses Reclassified into Income Net Comprehensive Loss from Cash Flow Hedges ) 

107 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Decrease in Fair Value of Hedged Assets Reclassified from AOCI ) Net Gain from Hedging Activity 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments 
 Reverse Treasury Lock 
 A portion of the Company s derivatives were not designated or did not qualify as part of a hedging relationship at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The changes in value of the derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting are recognized in Net Realized Investment Gains on the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. 

NOTE 12. 
 
 108 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

States and Political Subdivisions Foreign Governments Corporate Securities: Bonds and Notes Redeemable Preferred Stocks Collateralized Loan Obligations Other Mortgage- and Asset-backed 
 Total Investments in Fixed Maturities Equity Securities at Fair Value: Preferred Stocks: Finance, Insurance and Real Estate 
 Other Industries Common Stocks: Finance, Insurance and Real Estate 
 Other Industries Other Equity Interests: Exchange Traded Funds Limited Liability Companies and Limited Partnerships 
 Total Investments in Equity Securities at Fair Value 
 Convertible Securities at Fair Value Other Liabilities: Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedges Total Assets Liabilities: Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities: Derivative Instruments Designated as Cash Flow Hedges ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) 
 
 109 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

States and Political Subdivisions Foreign Governments Corporate Securities: Bonds and Notes Redeemable Preferred Stocks Collateralized Loan Obligations Other Mortgage- and Asset-backed Total Investments in Fixed Maturities Equity Securities at Fair Value: Preferred Stocks: Finance, Insurance and Real Estate Other Industries Common Stocks: Finance, Insurance and Real Estate Other Industries Other Equity Interests: Exchange Traded Funds Limited Liability Companies and Limited Partnerships Total Investments in Equity Securities at Fair Value Other Investments: Convertible Securities at Fair Value Total Assets Liabilities: Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities: Derivative Instruments Designated as Cash Flow Hedges Total Liabilities 

110 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

- Non-investment-grade: Senior Debt Market Yield - Junior Debt Market Yield - Other Various Total Level 3 Fixed Maturity Investments 
 The table below presents quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs utilized by the Company in determining fair values for fixed maturity investments in corporate securities classified as Level 3 at December 31, 2021. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Unobservable Input Total Fair Value Range of Unobservable Inputs Weighted-average Yield Investment-grade Market Yield - Non-investment-grade: Senior Debt Market Yield - Junior Debt Market Yield - Other Various Total Level 3 Fixed Maturity Investments 
 
 111 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Total Losses: ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Purchases Settlements Sales ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) Balance at End of Year 
 The transfers into and out of Level 3 were due to changes in the availability of market observable inputs. 
 Total Gains (Losses): Included in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income Included in Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) ) Purchases Settlements ) ) Sales ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) ) ) Balance at End of Year 
 The transfers into and out of Level 3 were due to changes in the availability of market observable inputs. 

112 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Senior Debt Distressed Debt Secondary Transactions Hedge Fund Leveraged Buyout Growth Equity Real Estate Other Total Equity Method Limited Liability Investments Reported as Other Equity Interests at Fair Value: 
 Mezzanine Debt Senior Debt Distressed Debt Secondary Transactions Hedge Funds Leveraged Buyout Growth Equity Other Total Reported as Other Equity Interests at Fair Value Reported as Equity Securities at Modified Cost: 
 Other Total Reported as Equity Securities at Modified Cost 
 Total Investments in Limited Liability Companies and Limited Partnerships 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had unfunded commitments to invest an additional million in certain limited liability investment companies and limited partnerships that will be included in Other Equity Interests and Equity Method Limited Liability Investments if funded. 
 The fund investments included above (excluding Hedge Funds) are not redeemable, because distributions from the funds will be received when underlying investments of the funds are liquidated. The funds are generally expected to have approximately year lives at their inception, but these lives may be extended at the fund manager s discretion, typically in one or increments. 
 The hedge fund investments included above, which are carried at fair value, are generally redeemable subject to the redemption notices period. The majority of the hedge fund investments are redeemable monthly or quarterly. 

113 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Short-term Investments Mortgage Loans Company-Owned Life Insurance Equity Securities at Modified Cost Financial Liabilities: Long-term Debt Policyholder Obligations 
 Loans to policyholders are carried at unpaid principal balance which approximates fair value and are categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The nature of policy loans is to have a negligible default risk as the loans are fully collateralized by the value of the policy. Policy loans do not have a stated maturity and the balances and accrued interest are repaid either by the policyholder or with proceeds from the policy. Due to the collateralized nature of policy loans and unpredictable timing of payments, the Company believes the carrying value of policy loans approximates fair value. The fair value measurement of Short-term Investments is estimated using inputs that are considered either Level 1 or Level 2 measurements. The Mortgage Loans fair value measurement is considered equal to amortized cost given the short-term nature of the investments. The fair value measurement of Equity Securities at Modified Cost is estimated using inputs that are considered Level 3 measurements. The cash surrender value of Company-Owned Life Insurance approximates fair value. The fair value of Long-term Debt is estimated using quoted prices for similar liabilities in markets that are not active. The inputs used in the valuation are considered Level 2 measurements. Policyholder Obligations presented in the preceding table consist of advances from the FHLB of Chicago, and the inputs used in the valuation are considered Level 2 measurements. 

114 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 13. 
 Preferred Property Casualty Insurance Life Health Insurance Total 
 The Company tests goodwill for recoverability at the reporting unit level on an annual basis, or whenever events or circumstances indicate the fair value of a reporting unit may have declined below its carrying value. The Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units with goodwill as of October 1, 2022, principally using projections of discounted cash flows to estimate the fair values of the reporting units. For each unit tested, the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value of the reporting unit, and the Company concluded that the associated goodwill was recoverable for each reporting unit tested, with the exception of Reserve National. 
 
 In 2022, Kemper completed the sale of Reserve National to Medical Mutual of Ohio. As a result of the sale, goodwill attributed to Reserve National was separately tested for recoverability and the Company incurred goodwill impairment of million. The remaining million of goodwill attributable to Reserve National was derecognized at the time of the sale. See Note 5, Dispositions , for more information. 
 
 Customer Relationships Agent Relationships Trade Names Internal-Use Software Total Definite Life Intangible Assets Indefinite Life Intangible Assets: Trade Names Insurance Licenses Total Indefinite Life Intangible Assets Total Intangible Assets 
 The Company records intangible assets acquired in business combinations and certain costs incurred developing and customizing internal-use software within Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Definite life intangible assets are amortized over the estimated profit emergence period or estimated useful life of the asset. Indefinite life intangible assets are not amortized, but rather tested annually for impairment. In 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized amortization expense on definite life intangible assets of million and million, respectively. 

115 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Customer Relationships Agent Relationships Internal-Use Software Total 
 
 NOTE 14. 
 
 Cash distribution from investment Loss on investments in Alternative Energy Partnership ) ) Income tax credits recognized Tax benefit recognized from Alternative Energy Partnership 

116 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Equipment, net of depreciation Other assets Total unconsolidated assets Maximum loss exposure 
 The Company s maximum loss exposure in the event that all of the assets in the Alternative Energy Partnership are deemed worthless is million, which is the carrying value of the investment at December 31, 2022. 
 
 NOTE 15. 
 ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Before Reclassifications ) Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net of Tax Benefit (Expense) of , , ), and ) 
 ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net of Tax (Expense) Benefit of ), , ), and ) 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss Before Reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Net of Tax Benefit (Expense) of , , , ) and 
 ) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Net of Tax Benefit (Expense) of , , , ) and 
 ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Before Reclassifications ) ) Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Net of Tax Benefit (Expense) of , , , and 
 ) ) ) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Net of Tax Benefit (Expense) of , ), ), ) and 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 
 117 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 16. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common Stock Issuance 
 Kemper is authorized to issue million shares of par value preferred stock and million shares of par value common stock. preferred shares were issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were shares and shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Common Stock Repurchases 
 On May 6, 2020, Kemper s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional million of Kemper common stock, in addition to the million remaining under the August 6, 2014 authorization, bringing the remaining share repurchase authorization to approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining share repurchase authorization was million under the repurchase program. 
 During the year ended 2022 Kemper did not repurchase any of its common stock. During the years ended 2021 and 2020 Kemper repurchased and retired approximately and shares, respectively, of its common stock under its share repurchase authorization for an aggregate cost of million and million and an average cost per share of and , respectively. 
 These purchases were made in the open market in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company issued , , and shares under the Kemper Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), respectively, at an average discounted price of , , and per share. Compensation costs charged against income were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Dividends 
 Various insurance laws restrict the amount that an insurance subsidiary may pay in the form of dividends, loans or advances without the prior approval of regulatory authorities. Also, that portion of an insurance subsidiary s net equity which results from differences between statutory insurance accounting practices and GAAP would not be available for cash dividends, loans or advances. Kemper s insurance subsidiaries paid dividends of million to Kemper in 2022. In 2023, Kemper s insurance subsidiaries would be able to pay approximately million in dividends to Kemper without prior regulatory approval. Kemper s insurance subsidiaries had net assets of approximately billion, determined in accordance with GAAP, that were restricted from payment to Kemper without prior regulatory approval at December 31, 2022. 
 Kemper s US based insurance subsidiaries are required to file financial statements prepared on the basis of US statutory insurance accounting practices, a comprehensive basis of accounting other than GAAP. Statutory capital and surplus for the Company s US based life and health insurance subsidiaries was approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. US Statutory net income (loss) for the Company s life and health insurance subsidiaries was approximately million, ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Statutory capital and surplus for the Company s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries was 
 
 118 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 16. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) 
 approximately billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Statutory net (loss) income for the Company s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries was approximately ) million, ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Statutory capital and surplus and statutory net income exclude parent company operations. 
 Kemper s insurance subsidiaries are also required to hold minimum levels of statutory capital and surplus to satisfy regulatory requirements. The minimum statutory capital and surplus for US subsidiaries, or company action level risk-based capital RBC ), necessary to satisfy regulatory requirements for the Company s US based life and health insurance subsidiaries collectively was approximately million at December 31, 2022. The minimum statutory capital and surplus necessary to satisfy regulatory requirements for the Company s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries collectively was approximately million at December 31, 2022. Company action level RBC is the level at which a company is required to file a corrective action plan with its regulators and is equal to of the authorized control level RBC. 
 In 2022, Kemper issued dividends and dividend equivalents of million, of which million was paid to shareholders. Except for certain financial covenants under Kemper s credit agreement or during any period in which Kemper elects to defer interest payments, there are no restrictions on Kemper s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders. Certain financial covenants, namely minimum net worth and a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio, under Kemper s credit agreement could limit the amount of dividends that Kemper may pay to shareholders at December 31, 2022. Kemper had the ability to pay without restrictions of billion in dividends to its shareholders and still be in compliance with all financial covenants under its credit agreement at December 31, 2022. 
 
 NOTE 17. 
 participants and beneficiaries. Effective January 1, 2006, the Pension Plan was closed to new hires and, effective June 30, 2016, benefit accruals were frozen for substantially all of the participants under the Pension Plan. The Pension Plan is generally non-contributory, but participation requires or required some employees to contribute of pay, as defined, per year. Benefits for participants who are or were required to contribute to the Pension Plan are based on compensation during plan participation and the number of years of participation. Benefits for the vast majority of participants who are not required to contribute to the Pension Plan are based on years of service and final average pay, as defined. The Company funds the Pension Plan in accordance with the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ). 
 Actual Return on Plan Assets ) ) Benefits Paid ) ) Settlement Benefits Fair Value of Plan Assets at End of Year Projected Benefit Obligation at Beginning of Year Interest Cost Benefits Paid ) ) Settlement Benefits Plan Amendments Actuarial Gains ) ) Projected Benefit Obligation at End of Year Funded Status Plan Assets in Excess of Projected Benefit Obligation Unamortized Amount Reported in AOCI at End of Year ) ) Accumulated Benefit Obligation at End of Year 

119 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, which was recognized in Prior Service Cost for the year ended December 31, 2021. such amendments took place for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Rate of Increase in Future Compensation Levels 
 Bond Exchange Traded Funds Cash and Short-term Investments Other Assets Total 
 The investment objective of the Pension Plan is to produce current income and long-term capital growth through a combination of equity and fixed income investments which, together with appropriate employer contributions and any required employee contributions, is adequate to provide for the payment of the benefit obligations of the Pension Plan. The assets of the Pension Plan may be invested in fixed income and equity investments or any other investment vehicle or financial instrument deemed appropriate. Fixed income investments may include cash and short-term instruments, U.S. Government securities, corporate bonds, mortgages and other fixed income investments. Equity investments may include various types of stock, such as large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap stocks, and may also include investments in investment companies, collective investment funds and Kemper common stock (subject to Section 407 and other requirements of ERISA). The Pension Plan has not invested in Kemper common stock. 
 The trust investment committee for the Pension Plan, along with its third party fiduciary advisor, periodically reviews the performance of the Pension Plan s investments and asset allocation. Several external investment managers manage the equity investments of the trust for the Pension Plan. Each manager is allowed to exercise investment discretion, subject to limitations, if any, established by the trust investment committee for the Pension Plan. All other investment decisions are made by the Company, subject to general guidelines as set by the trust investment committee for the Pension Plan. 
 The Company determines its Expected Long Term Rate of Return on Plan Assets based primarily on the Company s expectations of future returns, with consideration to historical returns, for the Pension Plan s investments, based on target allocations of the Pension Plan s investments. 

120 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

States and Political Subdivisions 
 Foreign Governments Corporate Bonds and Notes 
 Equity Securities: Other Equity Interests: Bond Exchange Traded Funds 
 Limited Liability Companies and Limited Partnerships 
 Short-term Investments Receivables and Other Total 
 Fair value measurements for the Pension Plan s assets at December 31, 2021 are summarized below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Measured at Net Asset Value Fair Value Fixed Maturities: U.S. Government and Government Agencies and Authorities 
 States and Political Subdivisions 
 Foreign Governments Corporate Bonds and Notes 
 Equity Securities: Other Equity Interests: Bond Exchange Traded Funds 
 Limited Liability Companies and Limited Partnerships 
 Short-term Investments Receivables and Other Total 

121 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

The components of Comprehensive Pension (Income) Expense for the Pension Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were: 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 2020 Service Cost Earned During the Year Interest Cost on Projected Benefit Obligation Expected Return on Plan Assets ) ) ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost Amortization of Actuarial Loss Settlement Expense Pension Expense Recognized in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income Unrecognized Pension Loss Arising During the Year ) ) ) Prior Service Cost Arising During the Year Amortization of Prior Service Cost ) Amortization of Accumulated Unrecognized Pension Loss ) ) ) Comprehensive Pension (Income) Expense ) ) 
 The actuarial loss included in AOCI at December 31, 2022 is being amortized over approximately years, the remaining average estimated life expectancy of participants. The Company estimates that Pension Expense for the Pension Plan for the year ended December 31, 2023 will include million resulting from the amortization of the related accumulated actuarial loss included in AOCI at December 31, 2022. 
 Settlements 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company s defined benefit pension plan purchased annuities on behalf of certain plan participants currently receiving benefits and offered to make lump-sum payments to certain inactive, vested plan participants that are not currently receiving benefit payments and elected to receive lump-sum payments. Group annuity contracts were purchased from Banner Life Insurance Company Banner for million for a portion of plan participants for whom Banner irrevocably assumed the pension obligations. For plan participants who elected lump-sum payments during the election window, a payment of million was distributed. These transactions resulted in a partial settlement of the defined pension plan and a million noncash settlement charge to net income for the unamortized net unrecognized postretirement benefit costs related to the settled obligations. 
 Service Cost Discount Rate N/A Interest Cost Discount Rate Rate of Increase in Future Compensation Levels Expected Long Term Rate of Return on Plan Assets 
 The Company did not contribute to the Pension Plan in 2020, 2021 or 2022. The Company does not expect that it will be required to contribute to the Pension Plan in 2023, but could make a voluntary contribution pursuant to the maximum funding limits under ERISA. 

122 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company also sponsors a non-qualified supplemental defined benefit pension plan (the Supplemental Plan ). Benefit accruals for all par ticipants in the Supplemental Plan were frozen effective June 30, 2016. The unfunded liability related to the Supplemental Plan was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Pension expense for the Supplemental Plan was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. An actuarial gain of million before taxes, an actuarial gain of million before taxes and an actuarial loss of million before taxes are included in Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 18. 
 retired and active employees. 
 Kemper has historically self-insured the benefits under the Kemper OPEB Plan. The Kemper medical plan generally provides for a limited number of years of medical insurance benefits at retirement based on the participant s attained age at retirement and number of years of service until specified dates and generally has required participant contributions, with most contributions adjusted annually. On December 30, 2016, Kemper amended the Kemper OPEB Plan and, effective December 31, 2016, no longer offers coverage to post-65 Medicare-eligible retirees and Medicare-eligible spouses under the self-insured portion of its coverage. Rather, beginning on January 1, 2017, the Kemper OPEB Plan offers access to a private, third-party Medicare exchange and provides varying levels of a Company-determined subsidy via health reimbursement accounts to certain Medicare-eligible retirees and spouses in order to help fund a portion of the participants cost. Further, the amendment eliminates the requirement for such participants to contribute to the Kemper OPEB Plan. 
 In conjunction with the amendment, the Company recorded a pre-tax reduction to its Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation of million through Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income. This prior service credit is being amortized into income over the remaining average life of the Kemper OPEB Plan s participants. 

123 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Employer Contributions Plan Participants Contributions Benefits Paid ) ) Fair Value of Plan Assets at End of Year Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation at Beginning of Year Service Cost Interest Cost Plan Participants Contributions Benefits Paid ) ) Actuarial Gain ) ) Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation at End of Year Funded Status Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plans Assets ) ) Unamortized Actuarial Gain Reported in AOCI at End of Year 
 The measurement dates of the assets and liabilities at end of year in the preceding table under the headings 2022 and 2021 were December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Rate of Increase in Future Compensation Levels 
 The assumed health care cost trend rate used in measuring the Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation at December 31, 2022 was for 2023, gradually declining to in the year 2029 and remaining at that level thereafter for medical benefits and for 2023, gradually declining to in the year 2030 and remaining at that level thereafter for prescription drug benefits. The assumed health care cost trend rate used in measuring the Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation at December 31, 2021 was for 2022, gradually declining to in the year 2028 and remaining at that level thereafter for medical benefits and for 2022, gradually declining to in the year 2029 and remaining at that level thereafter for prescription drug benefits. 
 Interest Cost on Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation Amortization of Prior Service Credit ) ) ) Amortization of Accumulated Unrecognized OPEB Gain ) ) ) OPEB Income Recognized in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income ) ) ) Unrecognized OPEB (Gain) Loss Arising During the Year ) ) Amortization of Prior Service Credit Amortization of Accumulated Unrecognized OPEB Gain Comprehensive OPEB (Income) Expense ) ) 
 
 124 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million resulting from the amortization of the related accumulated actuarial gain and prior service credit included in AOCI at December 31, 2022. 
 Service Cost Discount Rate Interest Cost Discount Rate Effective Rate for Interest on Service Cost Rate of Increase in Future Compensation Levels 
 The Company expects to contribute million, net of the expected Medicare Part D subsidy, to its OPEB Plan to fund benefit payments in 2023. 
 Expected Medicare Part D Subsidy Net Estimated Benefit Payments 
 
 NOTE 19. 
 shares of Kemper common stock may be issued under the 2020 Omnibus Plan (the Share Authorization ). After the approval date of the 2020 Omnibus Plan, no new awards will be granted under the 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 2011 Omnibus Plan that had been approved by Kemper s Shareholders on May 4, 2011, but awards previously granted under the 2011 Omnibus Plan remain outstanding in accordance with their original terms. As of December 31, 2022, there were common shares available for future grants under the 2020 Omnibus Plan, of which shares were reserved for future grants based on the performance results under the terms of outstanding performance share units PSUs ). 
 The design of the 2020 Omnibus Plan provides for fungible use of shares to determine the number of shares available for future grants, with a fungible conversion factor of to one, such that the Share Authorization will be reduced at two different rates, depending on the type of award granted. Each share of Kemper common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options or stock appreciation rights will reduce the number of shares available for future grant under the Share Authorization by one share, while each share of Kemper common stock issued pursuant to full value awards will reduce the number of shares available for future grant under the Share Authorization by three shares. Full value awards are awards, other than stock options or stock appreciation rights, that are settled by the issuance of shares of Kemper common stock and include time-based restricted stock units (collectively RSUs and PSUs. 
 Outstanding equity-based compensation awards at December 31, 2022 consisted of tandem stock option and stock appreciation rights Tandem Awards ), RSUs, PSUs and Deferred Stock Units DSUs ). RSUs, PSUs and DSUs give the recipient the right to receive share of Kemper common stock for each RSU, PSU or DSU issued. Recipients of DSUs received full dividend equivalents on the same basis as all other outstanding shares of Kemper common stock, but do not receive voting rights until such shares are issued. 
 For grants under the 2020 Omnibus Plan, and for grants under the 2011 Plan beginning in November 2017, recipients of RSUs and PSUs receive dividend equivalents on the same basis as all other outstanding shares of Kemper common stock only if, to 

125 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total unamortized compensation expense related to unvested awards at December 31, 2022 was million, which is expected to be recognized over the next three years ending December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. 
 Human Resources and the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, or the Board s authorized designee, has sole discretion to determine the persons to whom awards under the 2020 Omnibus Plan are granted, and the material terms of the awards. For Tandem Awards, material terms include the number of shares covered by such awards and the exercise price, vesting and expiration dates of such awards. Tandem Awards are non-transferable. The exercise price of Tandem Awards is the fair value of Kemper s common stock on the date of grant. Tandem Awards and RSU awards granted to employees generally vest in equal annual installments over a period of , with the Tandem Awards expiring from the date of grant. Employee PSU awards generally vest over a period of , subject to performance results and other restrictions. 
 Under the Non-employee Director compensation program in effect for 2022, each Non-employee Director elected at the 2022 annual shareholder meeting received an annual RSU award with an aggregate grant date fair value of Director RSUs at the conclusion of the meeting, and new Non-employee Directors who joined the Board received an initial award of Director RSUs valued at the percentage of the full grant date fair value of that represents the number of quarterly Board meetings the new director was expected to attend during the remaining portion of the then-current annual compensation period that ends on the date of the next annual shareholder meeting. The Director RSUs vest over a period of , enable the award holder to make an election to defer the conversion to shares of common stock in accordance with applicable deferral rules, and include the right to receive dividend equivalents on the same basis as all other outstanding shares of Kemper common stock only if, to the extent, and at the time that they vest and on subsequent dividend payment dates after they vest until the awards are settled. Each Non-employee Director elected at the 2021 annual shareholder meeting received an annual Director RSU award with an aggregate grant date fair value of at the conclusion of the meeting, and, each Non-employee Director elected at the 2020 annual shareholder meeting received an annual Director RSU award with an aggregate grant date fair value of at the conclusion of the meeting, under the Non-employee Director compensation program in effect for the applicable year. 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of each Tandem Award on the date of grant. The expected terms of Tandem Awards are developed by considering the Company s historical Tandem Award exercise experience, demographic profiles, historical share retention practices of employees and assumptions about their propensity for early exercise in the future. Expected volatility is estimated using weekly historical volatility. The Company believes that historical volatility is currently the best estimate of expected volatility. The dividend yield in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was calculated by taking the natural logarithm of the annualized yield divided by the Kemper common stock price on the date of grant. The risk-free interest rate was the yield on the grant date of U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues with a maturity comparable to the expected term of the option. 

126 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

- - - Risk-free Interest Rate - - - Expected Dividend Yield - - - WEIGHTED-AVERAGE EXPECTED LIFE IN YEARS Employee Grants - - - 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and Expected to Vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair values of Tandem Awards granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. Total intrinsic value of Tandem Awards exercised was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash received from exercises of Tandem Awards was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total tax benefit realized for tax deductions from exercises of Tandem Awards was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 - - - - - - - - 
 The grant-date fair values of RSUs are determined using the closing price of Kemper common stock on the date of grant. 

127 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The initial number of PSUs awarded to each participant represents the number of Kemper common shares that would vest and be issued if the performance level attained were to be at the target performance level. For performance above the target level, each participant would receive a grant of additional shares of stock up to a maximum of of the initial number of PSUs awarded to the participant. The final payout of these awards, and any forfeitures of PSUs for performance below the target performance level, will be determined based on the Company s performance. If, at the end of the applicable performance period, the Company s performance: 
 exceeds the target performance level, all of the PSUs will vest and additional shares of stock will be issued to the award recipient; 
 is below the target performance level, but at or above a minimum performance level, only a portion of the PSUs originally issued to the award recipient will vest; or 
 is below a minimum performance level, of the PSUs originally issued to the award recipient will vest. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The number of additional shares that would be granted if the Company were to meet or exceed the maximum performance levels related to the outstanding PSU awards for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 performance periods was common shares, common shares and common shares, respectively, (as full value awards, the equivalent of shares, shares, and shares, respectively, under the Share Authorization) at December 31, 2022. 
 The grant date fair values of the PSU awards with a market performance condition are determined using the Monte Carlo simulation method. The Monte Carlo simulation model produces a risk-neutral simulation of the daily returns on the common stock of Kemper and each of the other companies included in the peer group. Returns generated by the simulation depend on the risk-free interest rate used and the volatilities of, and the correlation between, these stocks. The model simulates stock prices and dividend payouts to the end of the performance period. Total shareholder returns are generated for each of these stocks based on the simulated prices and dividend payouts. The total shareholder returns are then ranked, and Kemper s simulated ranking is converted to a payout percentage based on the terms of the PSU awards. The payout percentage is applied 
 
 128 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

percent of the PSU awards granted to employees in 2022, percent of the PSU awards granted to employees in 2021 and percent of the PSU awards granted to employees in 2020 are measured using a market performance condition. Fair value for these awards was estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation method described above. Final payout for these awards, and any forfeitures of units for performance below the target performance level, will be based on Kemper s total shareholder return, relative to a peer group comprised of all the companies in the S P Supercomposite Insurance Index, over a performance period. The performance periods for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 awards end on January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024 and January 31, 2023, respectively. Compensation cost for these awards is recognized ratably over the requisite service period. In the event that the market performance condition is not satisfied, previously recognized compensation cost would not reverse, but it would reverse if the requisite service period is not met. 
 percent of the PSU awards granted to employees and officers in 2022, percent of the PSU awards granted to employees in 2021 and percent of the PSU awards granted to employees in 2020 are measured solely using a Company-specific metric. Final payout for these awards, and any forfeitures of shares for performance below the target performance level, will be determined based on Kemper s adjusted return on equity over a performance period. The performance periods for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 awards end on December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Fair value for these awards was determined using the closing price of Kemper common stock on the date of grant. Accruals of compensation cost for these awards are estimated based on the probable outcome of the performance condition. 
 The total fair value of RSUs and PSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. The tax benefits for tax deductions realized from such awards was million. The total fair value of RSUs and PSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. The tax benefits for tax deductions realized from such awards was million. The total fair value of RSUs and PSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2020 was million. The tax benefits for tax deductions realized from such awards was million. 
 The grant-date fair values of DSU awards granted to Non-employee Directors were determined using the closing price of Kemper common stock on the date of grant. Beginning in 2019 DSU awards are no longer issued to Non-employee Directors. All previously granted shares had vested upon issuance and as such, no DSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Reduction for Shares Issued on Conversion ) Vested Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 NOTE 20. 
 Universal Life-type Policyholder Account Balances Total 
 Kemper s subsidiary, United Insurance Company of America United Insurance has entered into funding agreements with the FHLB of Chicago in exchange for cash, which it uses for spread lending purposes. United Insurance received advances of 
 
 129 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million from the FHLB of Chicago and made repayments of million under the spread lending program in 2022. United Insurance received advances of million and made repayments of million from the FHLB of Chicago in 2021 under the spread lending program. 
 When a funding agreement is issued, United Insurance is then required to post collateral in the form of eligible securities including mortgage-backed, government, and agency debt instruments for each of the advances that are entered. The fair value of the collateral pledged must be maintained at certain specified levels above the borrowed amount, which can vary depending on the assets pledged. If the fair value of the collateral declines below these specified levels of the amount borrowed, United Insurance would be required to pledge additional collateral or repay outstanding borrowings. Upon any event of default by United Insurance, the FHLB s recovery on the collateral is limited to the amount of United Insurance s liability under the funding agreements to the FHLB of Chicago. 
 United Insurance s liability under the funding agreements with the FHLB of Chicago, the amount of collateral pledged under such agreements and FHLB of Chicago common stock owned by United Insurance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented below. 
 Fair Value of Collateral Pledged FHLB of Chicago Common Stock Owned at Cost 
 
 NOTE 21. 
 million and extended the maturity date to March 15, 2027. Furthermore, the amended and extended credit agreement provides for an accordion feature whereby the Company can increase the revolving credit borrowing capacity by million to a total of million. There were outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 The Company incurred million of debt issuance costs in relation to the amended agreement. As of December 31, 2022 there were million of remaining unamortized costs under the credit agreement, which will be amortized under the remaining term of the credit agreement. 
 Long-term Debt 
 The Company designates debt obligations as either short-term or long-term based on maturity date at issuance, or, in the case of the 2022 Senior Notes, based on the date of assumption. 
 Senior Notes due September 19, 2022 
 Senior Notes due February 15, 2025 
 Senior Notes due September 30, 2030 
 Senior Notes due February 23, 2032 
 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2062 
 Total Long-term Debt Outstanding 

130 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Senior Notes Due 2022 
 The liabilities of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation Infinity at the date of Infinity s acquisition included million principal amount, Senior Notes due September 19, 2022 (the 2022 Senior Notes ). The 2022 Senior Notes were recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date, million, with the million premium being amortized as a reduction to interest expense over the remaining term, resulting in an effective interest rate of . On November 30, 2018, Kemper executed a guarantee to fully and unconditionally guarantee the payment and performance obligations of the 2022 Senior Notes. 
 On February 23, 2022, Kemper issued a notice of redemption for the entire million aggregate principal outstanding of the 2022 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to of their principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redemption date. On March 25, 2022, Kemper completed the redemption, and the 2022 Senior Notes were repaid in full. The Company recognized a Loss from Early Extinguishment of Debt of million in the first quarter of 2022 which is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. 
 The Company used the proceeds received from Kemper s 2032 Senior Notes offering to repay the 2022 Senior Notes. See Senior Notes Due 2032 below for additional information regarding the debt issuance. 
 Senior Notes Due 2025 
 Kemper has million aggregate principal of senior notes due February 15, 2025 (the 2025 Senior Notes ). Kemper initially issued million of the notes in February of 2015 and issued an additional million of the notes in June of 2017. The additional notes are fungible with the initial notes issued in 2015, and together are treated as part of a single series for all purposes under the indenture governing the 2025 Senior Notes. The 2025 Senior Notes are unsecured and may be redeemed in whole at any time or in part from time to time at Kemper s option at specified redemption prices. 
 Senior Notes Due 2030 
 Kemper has million aggregate principal of senior notes due September 30, 2030 (the 2030 Senior Notes ). The net proceeds of issuance were million, net of discount and transaction costs for an effective yield of . The 2030 Senior Notes are unsecured and may be redeemed in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at Kemper s option, at specified redemption prices. 
 Senior Notes Due 2032 
 On February 15, 2022, Kemper offered and sold million aggregate principal of senior notes due February 23, 2032 (the 2032 Senior Notes ). The net proceeds of issuance were million, net of discount and transaction costs for an effective yield of . The 2032 Senior Notes are unsecured and may be redeemed in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at Kemper s option, at specified redemption prices. 
 In anticipation of the issuance of the 2032 Senior Notes and for risk management purposes, the Company entered into a derivative transaction to hedge the risk of changes in the debt cash flows attributable to changes in the benchmark U.S. Treasury interest rate during the period leading up to the debt issuance Treasury Lock ). The effective portion of the gain on the derivative instrument upon discontinuance was million before taxes, and is reported as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income . Beginning with the issuance of the 2032 Senior Notes described in the preceding paragraph, such gain is being amortized into earnings and reported in Interest and Other Expenses in the same periods that the hedged items affect earnings. Amortization, reported in Interest and Other Expenses, was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company expects to reclassify million of net gain on derivative instruments from AOCI to earnings for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 as interest expense on the debt is recognized. 
 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures Due 2062 
 On March 10, 2022, Kemper issued million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 15, 2062 (the 2062 Junior Debentures ). The net proceeds from issuance were million, net of discount and transaction costs. The 2062 Junior Debentures will bear interest from and including the date of original issue to, but excluding, March 15, 2027 (the First Reset Date at the fixed rate of per annum. The interest 

131 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

to be reset on each Reset Date. Interest is due quarterly in arrears beginning on June 15, 2022. The Company has the option to defer interest payments for or more optional deferral periods of up to five consecutive years, provided that no optional deferral period shall extend beyond March 15, 2062, or any earlier accelerated maturity date arising from an event of default or any earlier redemption of the 2062 Junior Debentures. 
 The 2062 Junior Debentures are unsecured and may be redeemed in whole or in part on the First Reset Date or any time thereafter, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the debentures being redeemed plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Short-term Debt 
 Kemper s subsidiaries, United Insurance, Trinity Universal Insurance Company Trinity ), American Access Casualty Company, and Alliance United Insurance Company Alliance are members of the FHLBs of Chicago, Dallas, Chicago, and San Francisco, respectively. As a requirement of membership in the FHLBs, United Insurance, Trinity and Alliance maintain a certain level of investment in FHLB stock. The Company periodically uses short-term FHLB borrowings for a combination of cash management and risk management purposes, in addition to long-term FHLB borrowings for spread lending purposes. The Company received advances and made repayments of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for cash and risk management purposes. There were short-term debt advances from the FHLBs of Chicago, Dallas or San Francisco outstanding at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. For information on United Insurance s funding agreement with the FHLB of Chicago in connection with the spread lending program, see Note 20, Policyholder Obligations, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest Expense and Interest Paid 
 Interest Expense, including facility fees, accretion of discount, amortization of premium and amortization of issuance costs, was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. Interest paid, including facility fees, was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 
 NOTE 22. 
 , along with options that permit renewals for additional periods. The Company also leases certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases, with initial terms typically ranging from one to . Minimum rent is expensed on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
 Operating Lease Liabilities 

132 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Operating Lease Cost Variable Lease Cost Short-Term Lease Cost (1) Total Lease Expense Less: Sub-Lease Income Total Lease Cost 
 (1) - Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Other Information on Operating Leases 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to the Company s operating and finance leases for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 
 (Dollars in Millions) 2022 2021 Operating Cash Flows from Operating Lease (Fixed Payments) Operating Cash Flows from Operating Lease (Liability Reduction) Financing Cash Flows from Finance Leases Right-of-Use Assets Obtained in Exchange for New Operating Lease Liabilities 
 Significant judgments and assumptions for determining lease asset and liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented below. 
 2022 2021 Weighted-average Remaining Lease Term - Finance Leases years year Weighted-average Remaining Lease Term - Operating Leases years years Weighted-average Discount Rate - Finance Leases Weighted-average Discount Rate - Operating Leases 
 Most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate. Accordingly, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of its lease payments. 
 Future minimum lease payments under operating leases at December 31, 2022 are presented below. There are no significant future minimum lease payments under finance leases. 
 (Dollars in Millions) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and Thereafter Total Future Payments Less Imputed Interest Present Value of Minimum Lease Payments 
 
 133 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 23. 
 million or more in direct insured losses to property and affects a significant number of policyholders and insurers. ISO-classified catastrophes are assigned a unique serial number recognized throughout the insurance industry. The discussions that follow utilize ISO s definition of catastrophes. 
 The Company manages its exposure to catastrophes and other natural disasters through a combination of geographical diversification, restrictions on the amount and location of new business production in certain regions, and reinsurance. To limit its exposures to catastrophic events, the Company maintains a catastrophe reinsurance program for the property and casualty insurance companies. In 2022, the property business written through the Life Health segment was included in the catastrophe reinsurance program. Coverage for the catastrophe reinsurance program is provided in various layers through multiple excess of loss reinsurance contracts and an annual aggregate excess property catastrophe reinsurance contract. 
 1st Layer of Coverage 2nd Layer of Coverage 3rd Layer of Coverage 4th Layer of Coverage 
 Coverage on individual catastrophes provided under the excess of loss reinsurance contracts effective January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 is provided in various layers as presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Catastrophe Losses and LAE Percentage of Coverage In Excess of Up to Retained 1st Layer of Coverage 2nd Layer of Coverage 3rd Layer of Coverage 
 Coverage on individual catastrophes provided under the excess of loss reinsurance contracts effective January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020 is provided in various layers as presented below. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS Catastrophe Losses and LAE Percentage of Coverage In Excess of Up to Retained 1st Layer of Coverage 2nd Layer of Coverage 3rd Layer of Coverage 

134 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Coverage 
 Coverage provided under the 2021 aggregate property catastrophe reinsurance contract is summarized below. 
 Aggregate Catastrophe Losses and LAE DOLLARS IN MILLIONS In Excess of Up to Retained Coverage 
 The catastrophe reinsurance in 2022, 2021 and 2020 for the property and casualty insurance companies also included reinsurance coverage from the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund FHCF for hurricane losses in Florida at retentions lower than those described above. The Life Health Insurance segment also purchases reinsurance from the FHCF for hurricane losses in Florida. 
 Preferred Property Casualty Insurance Life Health Insurance Total Ceded Catastrophe Reinsurance Premiums 
 The Company did not pay any reinstatement premiums in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 Preferred Property Casualty Insurance Life Health Insurance Total Catastrophe Losses and LAE 
 The Company had no material recoveries under its catastrophe reinsurance treaties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Total prior year catastrophe loss and LAE reserves, net of reinsurance recoverables, developed favorably by million in 2022, favorably by million in 2021 and adversely by million in 2020. The Specialty Property Casualty Insurance segment reported adverse catastrophe reserve development of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segment reported favorable catastrophe reserve development of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Life Health Insurance segment 
 
 135 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, favorable development of million and adverse development of million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The process of estimating and establishing reserves for catastrophe losses is inherently uncertain and the actual ultimate cost of a claim, net of actual reinsurance recoveries, may vary materially from the estimated amount reserved. The Company s estimates of direct catastrophe losses are generally based on inspections by claims adjusters and historical loss development experience for areas that have not been inspected or for claims that have not yet been reported. The Company s estimates of direct catastrophe losses are based on the coverages provided by its insurance policies. The Company s homeowners and dwelling insurance policies do not provide coverage for losses caused by floods, but generally provide coverage for physical damage caused by wind or wind-driven rain. Accordingly, the Company s estimates of direct losses for homeowners and dwelling insurance do not include losses caused by flood. Depending on the policy, automobile insurance may provide coverage for losses caused by flood. Estimates of the number and severity of claims ultimately reported are influenced by many variables, including, but not limited to, repair or reconstruction costs and determination of cause of loss that are difficult to quantify and will influence the final amount of claim settlements. All these factors, coupled with the impact of the availability of labor and material on costs, require significant judgment in the reserve setting process. A change in any one or more of these factors is likely to result in an ultimate net claim cost different from the estimated reserve. The Company s estimates of indirect losses from wind pools and joint underwriting associations are based on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, actual or estimated assessments provided by or received from such entities, insurance industry estimates of losses, and estimates of the Company s market share in the assessable states. Actual assessments may differ materially from these estimated amounts. 
 
 NOTE 24. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which million, million and million, respectively, was related to catastrophe reinsurance. See Note 23, Catastrophe Reinsurance, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Company s catastrophe reinsurance programs. Certain insurance subsidiaries assume business from other insurance companies and involuntary pools. Earned Premiums assumed on long-duration and short-duration policies were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Trinity and Capitol County Mutual Fire Insurance Company Capitol are parties to a quota share reinsurance agreement whereby Trinity assumes of the business written by Capitol, subject to a cap, for ceded losses for dwelling coverage. Earned Premiums assumed by Trinity from Capitol were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Capitol is a mutual insurance company and, accordingly, is owned by its policyholders. Trinity and Old Reliable Casualty Company ORCC ), a subsidiary of Capitol, are parties to a quota share reinsurance agreement whereby Trinity assumes of the business written by ORCC, subject to a cap, for ceded losses for dwelling coverage. Earned Premiums assumed by Trinity from ORCC were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 employees of the Company serve as directors of Capitol s member board of directors. employees of the Company also serve as directors of ORCC s member board of directors. Kemper s subsidiary, United Insurance, provides claims and administrative services to Capitol and ORCC. In addition, agents appointed by Kemper s subsidiary, The Reliable Life Insurance Company, and who are employed by United Insurance, are also appointed by Capitol and ORCC to sell property insurance products for the Company s Life Health Insurance segment. The Company also provides certain investment services to Capitol and ORCC. 
 
 136 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 25. 
 Unearned Premium Reserves Tax Capitalization of Policy Acquisition Costs Payroll and Employee Benefit Accruals Investments Net Operating Loss and Credit Carryforwards Other Total Deferred Income Tax Assets Deferred Income Tax Liabilities: Investments Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Life VIF and P C Customer Relationships Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Acquired Depreciable Assets Other Total Deferred Income Tax Liabilities Net Deferred Income Tax Assets / (Liabilities) ) 
 Based on the weight of available positive and negative evidence, the deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized based on Management s assessment and a valuation allowance has not been recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 2040 2041 No Expiration Total All Years 
 The carryforwards primarily relate to general business and investment tax credits which the Company expects to fully utilize prior to expiration. The reported federal NOL carryforward does not expire but is limited to use against 80 of federal taxable income. 
 There were Unrecognized Tax Benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in Income Tax Benefit (Expense). There were liabilities for accrued interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 The statute of limitations related to Kemper and its eligible subsidiaries consolidated Federal income tax returns is closed for all tax years up to and including 2011 as well as 2018. As a result of the Company filing amended federal income tax returns, 

137 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 ) Deferred Income Tax Benefit (Expense) ) Income Tax Benefit (Expense) ) 
 Income taxes paid, net of income tax refunds received, were million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 ) Tax-exempt Income and Dividends Received Deduction 
 ) Untaxed Earnings on Company-Owned Life Insurance ) Tax credits ) Stock-Based Compensation ) ) ) Nondeductible Executive Compensation ) ) ) ) ) Expense on Transactions ) ) Other, Net ) ) ) Effective Income Tax Benefit (Expense) ) 
 ) Unrealized Depreciation (Appreciation) on Securities ) ) Tax Effects from Postretirement Benefit Plans ) ) ) Tax Effects from Cash Flow Hedge ) Comprehensive Income Tax Benefit (Expense) ) 
 
 138 

Kemper Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 26. COMMITMENTS AND 

NOTE 27. 

139 

Report of Independent Registered 
 Public Accounting Firm 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Kemper Corporation 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kemper Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of (loss) income, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, in 2022 the Company began including anticipated net investment income in the premium deficiency analysis performed for the Specialty Property Casualty Insurance and Preferred Property Casualty Insurance segments . 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 140 

Report of Independent Registered 
 Public Accounting Firm 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (Continued) 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Property and Casualty Insurance Reserves - Refer to Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The estimation of property and casualty insurance reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses property and casualty insurance reserves ), including those claims that are incurred but not reported, requires significant judgment. Estimating property and casualty insurance reserves is inherently uncertain as estimates are generally derived using a variety of actuarial estimation techniques that are dependent on assumptions and expectations about future events, many of which are difficult to quantify. The estimation process, particularly for claims with longer-tailed exposures that may not be discovered or reported immediately, is an inherently subjective exercise and modest changes in judgments and assumptions can materially impact the valuation of these reserves. 
 
 Given the significant judgments made by management in estimating property and casualty insurance reserves, auditing property and casualty insurance reserves required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the involvement of our actuarial specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to property and casualty insurance reserves included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to property and casualty insurance reserves, including those controls related to the estimation of and management s review of the property and casualty insurance reserves. 
 We tested the underlying data, including historical claims, that served as the basis for the actuarial analyses to test that the inputs to the actuarial estimates were accurate and complete. 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists: 
 We developed a range of independent estimates of the property and casualty insurance reserves and compared our estimates to the recorded reserves. 
 We compared our prior year estimates of expected incurred losses to actual experience during the most recent year to identify potential bias in the Company s determination of property and casualty insurance reserves. 
 
 Fixed Maturities at Fair Value - Refer to Notes 2, 9, and 12 to the consolidated financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Investments in fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale are reported at fair value in the financial statements. Fixed maturity securities without readily determinable market values are valued using significant unobservable inputs, such as credit profile, credit spread and resulting market yield, which involve considerable judgment by management. 
 
 Given management uses significant unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value of fixed maturity securities without readily determinable market values, performing audit procedures to evaluate these inputs required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 

141 

Report of Independent Registered 
 Public Accounting Firm 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (Continued) 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of fixed maturity securities without readily determinable market values included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to fixed maturity securities, including those controls related to the determination of fair value. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately estimate fair value by comparing management s historical estimates to recent or subsequent transactions, taking into account changes in market conditions. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the models, methodologies, and unobservable inputs used by management to estimate fair value. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we compared management s unobservable inputs to external sources, and for a sample of the investments, developed independent estimates of the fair value and compared our estimates to the Company s estimates. 

/s/ 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 142 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with participation of Kemper s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, Kemper s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by Kemper in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms, and accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including Kemper s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We, as management of the Company, are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Management has evaluated the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the control criteria established in a report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on such evaluation, we have concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The independent registered public accounting firm of Deloitte Touche LLP, as auditors of the consolidated financial statements of Kemper and its subsidiaries, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of management s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 /s/ JOSEPH P. LACHER, JR. /s/ JAMES J. MCKINNEY Joseph P. Lacher, Jr. James J. McKinney Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kemper Corporation Kemper Corporation 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 143 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The attestation report of the independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, on the Company s internal control over financial reporting is included in Item 8 under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None 
 
 144 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors, Business Experience of Nominees, Executive Officers, Ownership of Kemper Common Stock and Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement for Kemper s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Kemper plans to file such proxy statement within 120 days after December 31, 2022, the end of Kemper s fiscal year. 
 Kemper s code of ethics applicable to its chief executive officer, chief financial officer and principal accounting officer Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Executives is posted in the Governance section of Kemper s website, kemper.com. Kemper also intends to disclose any future amendments to, and any waivers from (though none are anticipated), the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Executives in the Governance section of its website. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned Executive Officer Compensation and Benefits, Director Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report in the Proxy Statement for Kemper s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Compensation Committee Report to be included in such Proxy Statement shall be deemed to be furnished in this report and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act as a result of such furnishing in this Item 11. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in the table below and incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Ownership of Kemper Common Stock in the Proxy Statement for Kemper s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans or Programs (1) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 
 2,325,576 59.10 2,873,336 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 
 Total 2,325,576 59.10 2,873,336 
 (1) Includes 1,831,722 shares reserved for future grants based on performance results under the terms of outstanding PSU awards. 
 Kemper s 2020 Omnibus Plan permits various stock-based awards including, but not limited to, stock options, stock appreciation rights, RSUs, and PSUs. 
 The design of the 2020 Omnibus Plan provides for fungible use of shares to determine the number of shares available for future grants, with a fungible conversion factor of three to one, such that the Share Authorization will be reduced at two different rates, depending on the type of award granted. Each share of Kemper common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options or stock appreciation rights will reduce the number of shares available for future grant under the Share Authorization by one share, while each share of Kemper common stock issued pursuant to full value awards will reduce the number of shares available for future grant under the Share Authorization by three shares. Full value awards are awards, other than stock options or stock appreciation rights, that are settled by the issuance of shares of Kemper common stock and include RSUs and PSUs, if settled with stock. 

145 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned Related Person Transactions and Director Independence in the Proxy Statement for Kemper s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section captioned Independent Registered Public Accountant in the Proxy Statement for Kemper s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 146 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Report 
 1. Financial Statements. The consolidated balance sheets of Kemper and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated statements of (loss) income, comprehensive (loss) income, cash flows and shareholders equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, together with the notes thereto and the report of Deloitte Touche LLP thereon appearing in Item 8 are included in this 2022 Annual Report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. The following four financial statement schedules are included on the pages immediately following the signature pages hereof. Schedules not listed here have been omitted because they are not applicable or not material or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Schedule I Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties 
 Schedule II Parent Company Financial Statements 
 Schedule III Supplementary Insurance Information 
 Schedule IV Reinsurance Schedule 
 The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, with regards to the Financial Statement Schedules listed above, is incorporated by reference to the Report of Independent Registered Public Accountant included in Item 8. 
 3. Exhibits. An Exhibit Index has been filed as part of this report on pages 148 through 152. 
 (b) Exhibits. Included in Item 15(a)3 above 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules. Included in Item 15(a)2 above 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 

147 

Exhibit Index 
 
 The following exhibits are either filed as a part hereof or are incorporated by reference. Exhibit numbers followed by an asterisk ) indicate exhibits that are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 8-K 001-18298 3.2 August 8, 2014 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kemper Corporation 
 8-K 001-18298 3.1 December 6, 2022 4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2014, by and between Kemper Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
 8-K 001-18298 4.1 February 27, 2014 4.2 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2015, to the Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2014, between Kemper Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (including the form of 4.350 Senior Notes due 2025) 
 8-K 001-18298 4.2 February 24, 2015 4.3 Indenture, dated as of September 29, 2020, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association 
 8-K 001-18298 4.1 September 29, 2020 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 29, 2020, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (Including the form of 2.400 Senior Notes due 2030) 
 8-K 001-18298 4.2 September 29, 2020 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 23, 2022, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (Including the form of 3.800 Senior Notes due 2032) 
 8-K 001-18298 4.2 February 23, 2022 4.6 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2022, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (Including the form of 5.875 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2062) 
 8-K 001-18298 4.2 March 10, 2022 4.7 Form of Certificate Representing Shares of Kemper Corporation Common Stock 
 10-K 001-18298 4.7 February 20, 2019 4.8 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 X 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2022, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 8-K 001-18298 10.1 March 17, 2022 10.2 Advances and Security Agreement and Addendum to Advances and Security Agreement, effective as of December 31, 2013, between Trinity Universal Insurance Company and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas 
 10-K 001-18298 10.2 February 14, 2014 
 
 148 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.3 Advances, Collateral Pledge, and Security Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2014, between United Insurance Company of America and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago 
 8-K 001-18298 10.1 March 21, 2014 10.4 Advances and Security Agreement, effective August 14, 2020, between Alliance United Insurance Company and the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 
 8-K/A 001-18298 10.1 August 20, 2020 10.5 Advances, Collateral Pledge, and Security Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2022, between American Access Casualty Company and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago 
 8-K 001-18298 10.1 May 11, 2022 10.6 Kemper Pension Equalization Plan, as amended and restated effective August 25, 2011, as amended by Amendment No. 2 effective September 16, 2013 
 10-K 001-18298 10.3 February 14, 2014 10.7 Kemper Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective September 22, 2016 
 10-K 001-18298 10.5 February 13, 2017 10.8 Kemper Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective March 16, 2016 
 10-Q 001-18298 10.3 May 5, 2016 10.9 Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan, as amended and restated effective October 30, 2013 
 10-Q 001-18298 10.1 October 31, 2013 10.10 Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan, as amended and restated effective February 8, 2017 
 10-K 001-18298 10.17 February 13, 2017 10.11 Form of Stock Option and SAR Agreement for Non-employee Directors, as of August 25, 2011, under the Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 10-K 001-18298 10.13 February 17, 2012 10.12 Form of Stock Option and SAR Agreement for Non-employee Directors, as of May 1, 2013, under the Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 10-Q 001-18298 10.1 May 2, 2013 10.13 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Agreement for Non-employee Directors, as of May 1, 2013, under the Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 10-Q 001-18298 10.2 May 2, 2013 10.14 Form of Stock Option and SAR Agreement - Installment-Vesting Form, as of February 4, 2014, under the Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 10-K 001-18298 10.24 February 14, 2014 10.15 Form of Stock Option and SAR Agreement - Installment-Vesting Form, as of February 7, 2017, under the Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 10-K 001-18298 10.31 February 13, 2017 10.16 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (Adjusted ROE), as of February 6, 2018, under the Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 10-K 001-18298 10.34 February 13, 2018 10.17 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (Relative TSR), as of February 6, 2018, under the Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 10-K 001-18298 10.35 February 13, 2018 
 
 149 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Installment Vesting), as of February 6, 2018, under the Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 10-K 001-18298 10.37 February 13, 2018 10.19 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option and SAR Award Agreement (Installment Vesting), as of February 6, 2018, under the Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 10-K 001-18298 10.39 February 13, 2018 10.20 Kemper Executive Performance Plan, amended and restated as of May 1, 2018 
 10-Q 001-18298 10.2 July 30, 2018 10.21 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, as of April 30, 2019, under the Kemper 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 001-18298 10.1 May 1, 2019 10.22 Form of individual Indemnification Agreements between Kemper and its directors and executive officers 
 8-K 001-18298 10.1 February 11, 2020 10.23 2020 Omnibus Plan 
 Schedule 14A 001-18298 Appendix B March 25, 2020 10.24 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement as of May 5, 2020 under the 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 001-18298 10.1 May 11, 2020 10.25 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option and SAR Award Agreement (Cliff-Vesting) as of May 5, 2020 under the 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 001-18298 10.2 May 11, 2020 10.26 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option and SAR Award Agreement (Installment-Vesting) as of May 5, 2020 under the 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 001-18298 10.3 May 11, 2020 10.27 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Cliff-Vesting) as of May 5, 2020 under the 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 001-18298 10.4 May 11, 2020 10.28 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Installment-Vesting) as of May 5, 2020 under the 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 001-18298 10.5 May 11, 2020 10.29 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (Adjusted ROE) as of May 5, 2020 under the 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 001-18298 10.6 May 11, 2020 10.30 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (Relative TSR) as of May 5, 2020 under the 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 001-18298 10.7 May 11, 2020 10.31 Form of individual change in control severance agreements between Kemper and its executive officers 
 10-K 001-18298 10.42 February 13, 2017 Each of the agreements is identical except that the multipliers for benefits related to bonus, severance, life insurance and health insurance are 150 , 3 years, 3 years and 36 months, respectively, for the Chief Executive Officer and 110 , 2 years, 2 years and 24 months, respectively, for the other officers. 
 
 150 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.32 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option and SAR Award Agreement (Cliff Vesting) as of February 1, 2022 under the 2020 Equity Omnibus Plan 
 X 10.33 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option and SAR Award Agreement (Installment Vesting) as of February 1, 2022 under the 2020 Equity Omnibus Plan 
 X 10.34 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Cliff Vesting) as of February 1, 2022 under the 2020 Equity Omnibus Plan 
 X 10.35 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Installment Vesting) as of February 1, 2022 under the 2020 Equity Omnibus Plan 
 X 10.36 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (Adjusted ROE) as of February 1, 2022 under the 2020 Equity Omnibus Plan 
 X 10.37 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (Relative TSR) as of February 1, 2022 under the 2020 Equity Omnibus Plan 
 X 10.38 Form of Special Equity Award Agreement as of February 1, 2022 under the 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 X 18.1 Preferability letter from Deloitte Touche LLP regarding change in accounting principle 
 X 21 Subsidiaries of Kemper Corporation 
 X 23 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 X 24 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereof) 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a) 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a) 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K) 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K) 
 X 101.1 XBRL Instance X 101.2 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.3 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.4 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 
 
 151 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 101.5 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 101.6 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 
 
 152 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below on the following page hereby appoints each of Joseph P. Lacher, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer, James J. McKinney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and James A. Alexander, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, so long as such individual remains an executive officer of Kemper Corporation, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact with authority together or individually to execute in the name of each such signatory, and with authority to file with the SEC, any and all amendments to this 2022 Annual Report of Kemper Corporation, together with any and all exhibits thereto and other documents therewith, necessary or advisable to enable Kemper Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, and requirements of the SEC in respect thereof, which amendments may make such other changes in the 2022 Annual Report as the aforesaid attorney-in-fact executing the same deems appropriate. 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Kemper Corporation has duly caused this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 9, 2023. 

KEMPER CORPORATION 
 (Registrant) 
 By: /s/ JOSEPH P. LACHER, JR. Joseph P. Lacher, Jr. Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 153 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Kemper Corporation in the capacities indicated on February 9, 2023. 
 
 Signature Title /s/ JOSEPH P. LACHER, JR. Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Joseph P. Lacher, Jr. /s/ JAMES J. MCKINNEY Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) James J. McKinney /s/ JAMES A. ALEXANDER Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) James A. Alexander /s/ ROBERT J. JOYCE Director Robert J. Joyce /s/ TERESA A. CANIDA Director Teresa A. Canida /s/ GEORGE N. COCHRAN Director George N. Cochran /s/ KATHLEEN M. CRONIN Director Kathleen M. Cronin /s/ LACY M. JOHNSON Director Lacy M. Johnson /s/ GERALD LADERMAN Director Gerald Laderman 
 /s/ STUART B. PARKER Director Stuart B. Parker 
 /s/ CHRISTOPHER B. SAROFIM Director Christopher B. Sarofim 
 /s/ JASON N. GOREVIC Director Jason N. Gorevic 
 /s/ SUSAN D. WHITING Director Susan D. Whiting 

154 

SCHEDULE I 
 States and Political Subdivisions Foreign Governments Corporate Securities: Other Bonds and Notes Redeemable Preferred Stocks Collateralized Loan Obligations Other Mortgage- and Asset-backed Total Investments in Fixed Maturities Equity Securities at Fair Value: Preferred Stocks Common Stocks Other Equity Interests Total Investments in Equity Securities Equity Method Limited Liability Investments at Cost Plus Cumulative Undistributed Earnings 
 XXX.X Alternative Energy Partnership Investments XXX.X Short-term Investments XXX.X Company-Owned Life Insurance XXX.X Loans to Policyholders XXX.X Other Investments XXX.X Total Investments 
 See Accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 1 

SCHEDULE II 
 Fixed Maturities at Fair Value (Amortized Cost: 2022 ; 2021 - 
 Equity Securities at Fair Value (Cost: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Short-term Investments Cash Other Receivables Current Income Taxes Right-of-Use Assets Other Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Senior Notes Payable, due 2025 (Fair Value: 2022 ; 2021 
 Senior Notes Payable, due 2030 (Fair Value: 2022 ; 2021 
 Senior Notes Payable, due 2032 (Fair Value: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures, due 2062 (Fair Value: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Current Income Tax Liability Deferred Income Tax Liability Liabilities for Benefit Plans Right-of-Use Liabilities Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Total Liabilities Shareholders Equity: Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 
 See Accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

2 

(Loss) Income from Change in Fair Value of Equity Securities ) Net Realized Investment Gains Impairment Losses ) Other Income Total Revenues Interest Expense Pension Settlement Expense Other Operating Expenses (Benefits) ) Total Operating Expenses Loss before Income Taxes and Equity in Net (Loss) Income of Subsidiaries ) ) ) Income Tax Benefit (Expense) ) Loss before Equity in Net Loss of Subsidiaries ) ) ) Equity in Net (Loss) Income of Subsidiaries ) ) Net (Loss) Income ) ) 
 See Accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 3 

) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income: Changes in Net Unrealized (Losses) Gains on Investment Securities: Having No Credit Losses Recognized in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income: Securities Held by Subsidiaries ) ) Securities Held by Parent ) Having Credit Losses Recognized in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income: Securities Held by Subsidiaries ) ) Reclassification Adjustment for Amounts Included in Net (Loss) Income: Securities Held by Subsidiaries ) ) ) Securities Held by Parent ) ) Unrecognized Postretirement Benefit Costs Arising During the Year: Securities Held by Subsidiaries Securities Held by Parent ) Reclassification Adjustments for Amounts Included in Net (Loss) Income: Pension Settlement Cost Recognized Amortization of Unrecognized Postretirement Benefit Costs ) Gains on Cash Flow Hedge Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income before Income Taxes ) ) Income Tax Benefit (Expense): Changes in Net Unrealized (Losses) Gains on Investment Securities: Having No Credit Losses Recognized in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income: Securities Held by Subsidiaries ) Securities Held by Parent ) Having Credit Losses Recognized in Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income: Securities Held by Subsidiaries ) Reclassification Adjustment for Amounts Included in Net (Loss) Income: Securities Held by Subsidiaries Securities Held by Parent Unrecognized Postretirement Benefit Costs Arising During the Year: Securities Held by Subsidiaries ) ) Securities Held by Parent ) ) Reclassification Adjustments for Amounts Included in Net (Loss) Income: Pension Settlement Cost Recognized ) Amortization of Unrecognized Postretirement Benefit Costs ) Changes in Gain on Cash Flow Hedges ) ) Income Tax Benefit (Expense) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) ) Total Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) ) 
 
 See Accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 4 

) Adjustment Required to Reconcile Net (Loss) Income to Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operations: Equity in Net Loss (Income) of Subsidiaries ) Cash Dividends from Subsidiaries Net Realized Investment Gains ) ) ) Settlement Costs Related to Defined Benefit Pension Plan Impairment Losses Loss (Income) from Change in Fair Value of Equity and Convertible Securities ) ) Other, Net ) ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities ) Investing Activities: Capital Contributed to Subsidiaries ) ) ) Proceeds from Sales, Calls and Maturities of Fixed Maturities Proceeds from the Sales or Paydowns of Investments: Equity Securities Purchases of Investments: Fixed Maturities ) Equity Securities ) ) ) Net Sales (Purchases) of Short-term Investments ) Acquisition of Business ) Other ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities ) ) Financing Activities: Notes Payable Proceeds: Proceeds from Issuance of Senior Notes due February 23, 2032 
 Issuance Fees from Issuance of Senior Notes due February 23, 2032 
 ) Proceeds from Issuance of Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2062 
 Issuance Fees from Issuance of Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2062 
 ) Proceeds from Issuance of Senior Notes due September 30, 2030 
 Issuance Fees from Issuance of Senior Notes due September 30, 2030 
 ) Repayments of Long-term Debt ) Proceeds from Shares Issued under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Common Stock Repurchases ) ) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents Paid ) ) ) Other Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities ) Increase (Decrease) in Cash ) ) Cash, Beginning of Year Cash, End of Year 
 
 See Accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 5 

Senior Notes due September 19, 2022 of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Kemper. 
 On February 23, 2022, Kemper issued a notice of redemption for the entire million aggregate principal outstanding of the 2022 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to of their principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redemption date. On March 25, 2022, Kemper completed the redemption, and the 2022 Senior Notes were repaid in full. The Company recognized a Loss from Early Extinguishment of Debt of million in the first quarter of 2022 which is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. 
 The Company used the proceeds received from Kemper s 2032 Senior Notes offering to repay the 2022 Senior Notes. See Senior Notes Due 2032 in the Debt disclosure, Note 21 for additional information regarding the debt issuance. 
 On July 1, 2022, Kemper executed an indefinite agreement with its subsidiary, Kemper Bermuda Ltd, that provides financial guarantees of up to million in contributed capital to maintain its minimum Enhanced Capital Requirement ECR as required by the Bermuda Monetary Authority as a Class C insurer. As of December 31, 2022, Kemper had contributed million under this agreement. 
 
 NOTE 3. SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
 Kemper received million and million in non-cash dividends from subsidiaries in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Kemper made non-cash capital contributions of million and million to subsidiaries in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 NOTE 4. LEASES 
 Kemper leases certain office space for its current and former corporate headquarters under non-cancelable operating leases. 
 The following table presents operating lease Right-of-Use ROU assets and lease liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Operating Lease Liabilities 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to Kemper s operating leases for the year-ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively are presented follows. 
 DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2022 2021 Operating Cash Flows from Operating Leases (Fixed Payments) Operating Cash Flows from Operating Leases (Liability Reduction) Right-of-Use Assets Obtained in Exchange for New Operating Lease Liabilities 

6 

years years Weighted-average Discount Rate - Operating Leases 
 Kemper s leases do not provide an implicit rate. Accordingly, Kemper uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of its lease payments. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and Thereafter Total Future Payments Less Discount Present Value of Minimum Lease Payments 
 NOTE 5. DEBT 
 Senior Notes Due 2025 
 Kemper has million aggregate principal of senior notes due February 15, 2025 (the 2025 Senior Notes ). Kemper initially issued million of the notes in February of 2015 and issued an additional million of the notes in June of 2017. The additional notes are fungible with the initial notes issued in 2015, and together are treated as part of a single series for all purposes under the indenture governing the 2025 Senior Notes. The 2025 Senior Notes are unsecured and may be redeemed in whole at any time or in part from time to time at Kemper s option at specified redemption prices. 
 Senior Notes Due 2030 
 Kemper has million aggregate principal of senior notes due September 30, 2030 (the 2030 Senior Notes ). The net proceeds of issuance were million, net of discount and transaction costs for an effective yield of . The 2030 Senior Notes are unsecured and may be redeemed in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at Kemper s option, at specified redemption prices. 
 Senior Notes Due 2032 
 On February 15, 2022, Kemper offered and sold million aggregate principal of senior notes due February 23, 2032 (the 2032 Senior Notes ). The net proceeds of issuance were million, net of discount and transaction costs for an effective yield of . The 2032 Senior Notes are unsecured and may be redeemed in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at Kemper s option, at specified redemption prices. 
 In anticipation of the issuance of the 2032 Senior Notes and for risk management purposes, the Company entered into a derivative transaction to hedge the risk of changes in the debt cash flows attributable to changes in the benchmark U.S. Treasury interest rate during the period leading up to the debt issuance Treasury Lock ). The effective portion of the gain on the derivative instrument upon discontinuance was million before taxes, and is reported as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income. Beginning with the issuance of the 2032 Senior Notes described in the preceding paragraph, such gain is being amortized into earnings and reported in Interest and Other Expenses in the same periods that the hedged items affect earnings. Amortization, reported in Interest and Other Expenses, was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company expects to reclassify million of net gain on derivative instruments from AOCI to earnings for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 as interest expense on the debt is recognized. 
 7 

Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures Due 2062 
 On March 10, 2022, Kemper issued million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 15, 2062 (the 2062 Junior Debentures ). The net proceeds from issuance were million, net of discount and transaction costs. The 2062 Junior Debentures will bear interest from and including the date of original issue to, but excluding, March 15, 2027 (the First Reset Date at the fixed rate of per annum. The interest 
 rate on the First Reset Date, and subsequent Reset Dates, will be equal to the Five-Year Treasury Rate as of the most recent Reset Date plus to be reset on each Reset Date. Interest is due quarterly in arrears beginning on June 15, 2022. The Company has the option to defer interest payments for or more optional deferral periods of up to five consecutive years, provided that no optional deferral period shall extend beyond March 15, 2062, or any earlier accelerated maturity date arising from an event of default or any earlier redemption of the 2062 Junior Debentures. 

8 

SCHEDULE III 
 Preferred Property Casualty Insurance Life Health Insurance (1) N/A ) Other N/A ) Total N/A 2021 Specialty Property Casualty Insurance Preferred Property Casualty Insurance Life Health Insurance (1) N/A ) Other N/A ) Total N/A 2020 Specialty Property Casualty Insurance Preferred Property Casualty Insurance Life Health Insurance (1) N/A Other N/A ) ) Total N/A 
 
 (1) The Company s Life Health Insurance employee-agents also market certain property and casualty insurance products under common management. Accordingly, the Company includes the results of these property and casualty insurance products in its Life Health Insurance segment. 
 See Accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 1 

SCHEDULE IV 
 Premiums: Life Insurance Accident and Health Insurance Property and Liability Insurance Total Premiums Year Ended December 31, 2021 Life Insurance in Force Premiums: Life Insurance Accident and Health Insurance Property and Liability Insurance Total Premiums Year Ended December 31, 2020 Life Insurance in Force Premiums: Life Insurance Accident and Health Insurance Property and Liability Insurance Total Premiums 
 See Accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

1 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 kmpr202212312022ex48.htm
 EX-4.8

Document 
 Exhibit 4.8 
 Description of Securities of Kemper Corporation Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Description of the Company s Common Stock 

The following is a summary of the material terms and provisions of the capital stock of Kemper Corporation we, us, our, Kemper or Company and does not purport to be complete. It is qualified by reference to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation Certificate of Incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part Annual Report ), and by certain provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL ). 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value .10 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value .10 per share. No preferred stock is outstanding as of the date of the filing of the Annual Report. 
 
 Voting Rights. Each holder of shares of our common stock is entitled to attend all special and annual meetings of our shareholders. The holders of our common stock have one vote for each share held on all matters voted upon by our shareholders, including the election of directors to our Board of Directors Board of Directors ). Other than the election of directors, if an action is to be taken by vote of our shareholders at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present, it will be decided by a majority of the votes cast with respect to such matter, unless a different vote is required under our Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL. In an election of directors at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present, a nominee for director shall be elected to the Board of Directors if the votes cast for such nominee s election exceed the votes cast against such nominee s election, provided, however, in the event the number of nominees for director is greater than the number of directors to be elected, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. 
 
 Dividends. Except for any preferential rights of holders of any preferred stock that may then be issued and outstanding and any other class or series of stock having a preference over the common stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by our Board of Directors, from legally available funds. 
 
 Liquidation and Dissolution. In the event of our liquidation or dissolution, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably all assets available for distribution to shareholders after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Other Rights. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 
 Listing. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, under the symbol KMPR. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 

Preferred Stock 

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series, with such distinctive designation or title and in such number of shares as may be authorized by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors is authorized to prescribe the relative rights and preferences of each series, and the limitations applicable thereto, including but not limited to the following (i) the voting powers, full, special, or limited, or no voting powers, of each such series (ii) the rate, terms and conditions on which dividends will be paid, whether such dividends will be cumulative, and what preference such dividends shall have in relation to the dividends on other series or classes of stock (iii) the rights, terms and conditions, if any, for conversion of such series of preferred stock into shares of other series or classes of stock (iv) any right of the Company to redeem the shares of such series of preferred stock, and the price, time, and conditions of such redemption, including the provisions for any sinking fund and (v) the rights of holders of such series of preferred stock in relation to the rights of other series and classes of stock upon the liquidation, dissolution or distribution of our assets. Unless otherwise provided by our Board of Directors, upon redemption or conversion, shares of preferred stock will revert to authorized but unissued shares and may be reissued as shares of any series of preferred stock. 
 
 Certain Statutory, Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions Affecting Shareholders 
 
 Various provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the DGCL and state insurance laws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of Kemper. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage, or could have the effect of encouraging, persons seeking to acquire control of Kemper to first negotiate with our Board of Directors. 
 
 The portions of the summary set forth below describing certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions 
 
 Special Meetings of Shareholders . Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws do not grant the shareholders the right to call a special meeting of shareholders. Under our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, special meetings of shareholders may be called only by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule, or cancel any special meeting of stockholders. 
 
 No Shareholder Action by Written Consent . Our Certificate of Incorporation also provides that shareholders may not take any action by written consent. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements . Our Bylaws set forth advance notice procedures with regard to shareholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or other business to be presented at meetings of shareholders. These procedures provide that notice of such shareholder proposals must be timely given in writing to the Secretary of Kemper prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of Kemper not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting. The notice must contain specified information concerning the person to be nominated or the business to be brought before the meeting and concerning the shareholder submitting the proposal. The advance notice requirement does not give the Board of Directors any power to approve or disapprove shareholder 
 2 

director nominations or proposals but may have the effect of precluding the consideration of such nominations or proposals at a meeting if the proper notice procedures are not followed. 
 
 Blank Check Preferred Stock . Our preferred stock could be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect in that, if a hostile takeover situation should arise, shares of preferred stock could be issued to purchasers sympathetic with our management or others in such a way as to render more difficult or to discourage a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities or the removal of incumbent management. 
 
 The effects of the issuance of one or more series of the preferred stock on the holders of our common stock could include 
 
 reduction of the amount otherwise available for payments of dividends on common stock if dividends are payable on the series of preferred stock 
 restrictions on dividends on our common stock if dividends on the series of preferred stock are in arrears 
 dilution of the voting power of our common stock if the series of preferred stock has voting rights, including a possible veto power if the series of preferred stock has class voting rights 
 dilution of the equity interest of holders of our common stock if the series of preferred stock is convertible, and is converted, into our common stock and 
 restrictions on the rights of holders of our common stock to share in our assets upon liquidation until satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of the series of preferred stock. 
 
 Business Combinations . Article Seven of our Certificate of Incorporation places certain restrictions on the following transactions with a direct or indirect beneficial owner (including certain former beneficial owners and successors to such beneficial owners) of more than 15 of the voting power of Kemper s outstanding voting stock (an Interested Shareholder 
 
 any merger or consolidation of Kemper or any subsidiary with any Interested Shareholder or any other person (whether or not itself an Interested Shareholder) which is, or after such merger or consolidation would be, an affiliate of an Interested Shareholder or 
 any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) to or with any Interested Shareholder or any affiliate of any Interested Shareholder of any assets of Kemper or any subsidiary having an aggregate fair market value of 10,000,000 or more or 
 the issuance or transfer by Kemper or any subsidiary (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of any securities of Kemper or any subsidiary to any Interested Shareholder or any affiliate of any Interested Shareholder in exchange for cash, securities or other property (or a combination thereof) having an aggregate fair market value of 10,000,000 or more or 
 the adoption of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of Kemper proposed by or on behalf of any Interested Shareholder or any affiliate of any Interested Shareholder or 
 any reclassification of securities (including any reverse stock split or recapitalization of Kemper) or any merger or consolidation of Kemper with any of its subsidiaries or any other transaction (whether or not with or into or otherwise involving any Interested Shareholder) which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the outstanding shares of any class of equity or convertible securities of Kemper or any subsidiary beneficially owned by any Interested Shareholder or any affiliate of any Interested Shareholder. 
 
 We may only enter into one of the transactions described above if 
 
 the transaction has been approved by a majority of our continuing directors, being (A) members of our original Board of Directors, (B) persons unaffiliated with an Interested Shareholder who 
 3 

were members of the Board of Directors prior to such person or entity becoming an Interested Shareholder, or (C) successors of continuing directors who were recommended to succeed continuing directors by a majority of continuing directors then on the Board of Directors or 
 
 the transaction has been approved by the affirmative vote of 75 of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock, voting together as a single class, and (A) the consideration to be received by the holders of each class or series of our capital stock is (i) not less than the highest price paid by the Interested Shareholder for any shares of such class or series during the preceding 24 months, and (ii) is either in cash or in the form of consideration previously used by the Interested Shareholder to acquire the largest number of shares of such class or series previously acquired by such Interested Shareholder, and (B) certain other conditions have been met. 
 
 Exclusive Forum Provision . Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or our shareholders by any of our directors, officers or other employees or agents, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees or agents arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees or agents governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another court of the State of Delaware or, if no court of the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. 
 
 Business Combination Statute 
 
 We are a Delaware corporation and consequently are also subject to certain anti-takeover provisions of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 of the DGCL prevents a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder for three years following the date that the person became an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained such status with the approval of the corporation s board of directors or unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination, in reference to Kemper, includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation of Kemper or one of its subsidiaries and an interested stockholder or the sale by Kemper or any of its subsidiaries to an interested stockholder of assets having an aggregate market value equal to 10 or more of either the aggregate market value of Kemper s consolidated assets or the aggregate market value of Kemper s outstanding stock. In general, in relation to Kemper, an interested stockholder is any person that is the owner of 15 or more of Kemper s outstanding voting stock and the affiliates and associates of such person. Section 203 makes it more difficult for an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts not approved in advance by our Board of Directors, and as a result could discourage attempts to acquire Kemper, which could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Change in Control Requirements Under Insurance Laws 
 
 State insurance laws impose requirements that must be met prior to a change of control of an insurance company or insurance holding company based on the insurer s state of domicile and, in some cases, additional states in which it is deemed commercially domiciled due to the substantial amount of business it conducts therein. These requirements may include the advance filing of specific information with the state insurance regulators, a public hearing on the matter, and the review and approval of the change of control by such regulators. In the majority of states in which Kemper s insurance subsidiaries are domiciled or deemed commercially domiciled, control is generally presumed to exist through the direct or indirect ownership of 10 or more of the voting securities of an insurance company. In 
 4 

Alabama, where Kemper also has insurance subsidiaries, control is presumed to exist with a 5 or more ownership interest in such securities. Any purchase of Kemper s shares that would result in the purchaser 
 
 owning Kemper s voting securities in the foregoing percentages for the states indicated would be presumed to result in the acquisition of control of Kemper s insurance subsidiaries in those states. Therefore, acquisitions subject to the 10 threshold generally would require the prior approval of insurance regulators in each state in which the Company s insurance subsidiaries are domiciled or deemed commercially domiciled, including those in Alabama, while acquisitions subject to the 5 threshold generally would require the prior approval of only Alabama regulators. Similarly, several of the states in which the Company s insurance subsidiaries are domiciled have enacted legislation that requires either the divesting and or acquiring company to notify regulators of, and in some cases to receive regulatory approval for, a change in control. 
 
 Many state statutes also require pre-acquisition notification to state insurance regulators of a change of control of an insurance company licensed in the state if specific market concentration thresholds would be triggered by the acquisition. Such statutes authorize the issuance of a cease and desist order with respect to the insurance company if certain conditions, such as undue market concentration, would result from the acquisition. 
 
 These regulatory requirements may deter, delay or prevent transactions affecting control of Kemper or its insurance subsidiaries, or the ownership of Kemper s voting securities, including transactions that could be advantageous to Kemper s shareholders. 

Description of the 5.875 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2062 

The following description of our 5.875 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2062 debentures is a summary and does not purport to be complete. Any information regarding the debentures contained does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Indenture, dated as of September 20, 2020 (the Base Indenture), by and between Kemper and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ), as supplemented by the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2022 (the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture ), to provide for the issuance of the debentures, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of which this Exhibit 4.8 is a part. For a complete description of the terms and provisions of the debentures, please refer to the Indenture, which is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and to the form of debenture, which is filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022. 

General 
 
 The debentures were issued as junior subordinated debt securities under the Indenture and initially were limited in aggregate principal amount to 150,000,000 (or 172,500,000 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full). The debentures were issued only in denominations of 25 and integral multiples of 25 in excess thereof. Payments of principal of, and interest on, the debentures are made in U.S. dollars. The provisions of the Indenture pertaining to unclaimed moneys apply to the debentures. 
 
 We may, without notice to or consent of the holders of the debentures, re-open and issue additional 5.875 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2062 having the same ranking, 
 5 

interest rate, maturity date and other terms as the debentures issued under the Indenture on March 10, 2022, 

provided that if the additional debentures are not fungible for United States federal income tax purposes with the debentures issued under the Indenture on March 10, 2022, the additional debentures will have a separate CUSIP number. Any additional debentures, together with the debentures issued under the Indenture on March 10, 2022, will constitute a single series of debt securities under the Indenture. The debentures and the Indenture under which the debentures are issued do not place any limitation on the amount of unsecured debt that may be incurred by us. 
 
 Subordination 
 
 The debentures are unsecured, and rank in right of payment and upon our liquidation junior to all of our current and future Senior Indebtedness (as defined below) and equal with any other future Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures (as defined below), and, in each case in the manner set forth below. The debentures are also effectively subordinated to all debt and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
 
 Upon any payment or distribution of assets to creditors upon any receivership, liquidation, dissolution, winding up, reorganization, assignment for the benefit of creditors, marshaling of assets or any bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar proceedings, the holders of Senior Indebtedness will first be entitled to receive payment in full in cash or other satisfactory consideration of all amounts due or to become due on or in respect of such Senior Indebtedness before the holders of the debentures will be entitled to receive or retain any payment in respect thereof. 
 
 In the event of the acceleration of the maturity of the debentures, the holders of all Senior Indebtedness outstanding at the time of such acceleration will first be entitled to receive payment in full in cash or other satisfactory consideration of all such Senior Indebtedness before the holders of the debentures will be entitled to receive or retain any payment in respect of the debentures. 
 In the event and during the continuation of any default in any payment with respect to any Senior Indebtedness, or in the event that the maturity of any Senior Indebtedness has been or would be permitted upon notice or the passage of time to be accelerated because of a default, then, unless and until such default shall have been cured or waived or shall have ceased to exist and such acceleration shall have been rescinded or annulled, no payments on account of principal or premium, if any, or interest, if any, in respect of the debentures may be made, in each case unless and until all amounts due or to become due on such Senior Indebtedness are paid in full in cash or other satisfactory consideration. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had Senior Indebtedness with an outstanding principal balance of approximately 1.2 billion. On February 23, 2022, we closed an SEC-registered offering of 400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.800 Senior Notes due 2032. Senior Indebtedness does not include obligations to trade creditors created or assumed by us in the ordinary course of business, which ranks pari passu with the debentures in right of payment upon liquidation. In addition, the debentures are effectively subordinated to the indebtedness of our subsidiaries. Except for capital lease obligations of 72.6 million, as of December 31, 2022, our subsidiaries had no third party indebtedness outstanding. 
 
 Senior Indebtedness shall mean all Indebtedness for Money Borrowed, whether outstanding on the date of the first issuance of the debentures or thereafter created, assumed or incurred, except Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures or Indebtedness Ranking Junior to the Debentures, and any deferrals, renewals or extension of such Senior Indebtedness. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Senior Indebtedness shall not include obligations to trade creditors created or assumed by us in the ordinary course of business. 
 6 

Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures shall mean Indebtedness for Money Borrowed, whether outstanding on the date of the first issuance of the debentures or thereafter created, 
 
 assumed or incurred, which specifically by its terms ranks equally with and not prior to the debentures in right of payment upon our dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization or similar events. The securing of any Indebtedness for Money Borrowed, otherwise constituting Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures, shall not be deemed to prevent such Indebtedness for Money Borrowed from constituting Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures. 
 
 Indebtedness Ranking Junior to the Debentures shall mean any Indebtedness for Money Borrowed, whether outstanding on the date of the first issuance of the debentures or thereafter created, assumed or incurred, which specifically by its terms ranks junior to and not equally with or prior to the debentures (and any other Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures) in right of payment upon our dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization, or similar events. The securing of any Indebtedness for Money Borrowed, otherwise constituting Indebtedness Ranking Junior to the Debentures, shall not be deemed to prevent such Indebtedness for Money Borrowed from constituting Indebtedness Ranking Junior to the Debentures. 
 
 Indebtedness for Money Borrowed shall mean (i) any obligation of, or any obligation guaranteed by, us for which we are responsible or liable as obligor or otherwise including principal, premium and interest (whether accruing before or after filing of any petition in bankruptcy or any similar proceedings by or against us and whether or not allowed as a claim in bankruptcy or similar proceedings) for (A) indebtedness for money borrowed, (B) indebtedness evidenced by securities, bonds, debentures, notes or other similar written instruments, (C) any deferred obligation for the payment of the purchase price or conditional sale obligation of property or assets acquired other than in the ordinary course of business, (D) all obligations for the reimbursement of any letter of credit, banker s acceptance, security purchase facility or similar credit transaction, (E) all obligations under keep-well agreements required by insurance regulators or (F) any obligation referred to in (A) through (E) above of other persons secured by any lien on any property or asset of the Company and (ii) all indebtedness for obligations to make payment in respect of derivative products such as interest and foreign exchange rate contracts, commodity contracts (including future or options contracts) swap agreements, cap agreements, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and similar arrangements, whether outstanding on the first issuance of the debentures or thereafter created, assumed or incurred. 

Maturity 
 
 The debentures will mature on March 15, 2062. 
 
 Interest 
 
 Subject to applicable law and subject to any Optional Deferral Period, as described below, the debentures bear interest (i) from and including the date of original issue to, but excluding, March 15, 2027 (the First Reset Date at the fixed rate of 5.875 per annum and (ii) from, and including, the First Reset Date, during each Reset Period, at a rate per annum equal to the Five-Year Treasury Rate as of the most recent Reset Interest Determination Date plus 4.140 to be reset on each Reset Date. Interest on the debentures are payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on June 15, 2022, each of which dates we refer to as an interest payment date, to the record holders of the debentures at the close of business on the immediately preceding March 1, June 1, September 1 or December 1, as applicable, whether or not a business day. However, interest that we pay 
 7 

on the maturity date or a redemption date will be payable to the person to whom the principal will be payable. 
 
 Interest payments include accrued interest from, and including, the original issue date, or, if interest has already been paid, from the last date in respect of which interest has been paid or duly provided for to, but excluding, the next succeeding interest payment date, the maturity date or the redemption date, as the case may be. The amount of interest payable for any interest payment period are computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If any date on which interest is payable on the debentures is not a business day, then payment of the interest payable on such date are made on the next succeeding day that is a business day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay). business day means any day other than a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or any place of payment are authorized or required by law, executive order or regulation to close. 
 
 Interest not paid on any payment date accrues and compounds quarterly at a rate per year equal to the rate of interest on the debentures until paid. References to interest include interest accruing on the debentures, interest on deferred interest payments, other unpaid amounts and compounded interest, as applicable. 
 
 Unless we have validly redeemed all outstanding debentures on or before the First Reset Date, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association will serve as the initial calculation agent with respect to the debentures prior to the Reset Interest Determination Date preceding the First Reset Date. The applicable interest rate for each Reset Period will be determined by the calculation agent, as of the applicable Reset Interest Determination Date. Promptly upon such determination, the calculation agent will notify us of the interest rate for the relevant Reset Period. We shall then promptly notify the trustee and paying agent in writing of such interest rate. The calculation agent s determination of any interest rate and its calculation of the amount of interest for any Reset Period beginning on or after the First Reset Date will be on file at our principal offices and will be made available to any holder of the debentures upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 
 
 Five-Year Treasury Rate means, as of any Reset Interest Determination Date, as applicable, (1) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently published H.15, with a maturity of five years from the next Reset Date and trading in the public securities market or (2) if there is no such published U.S. Treasury security with a maturity of five years from the next Reset Date and trading in the public securities markets, the rate will be determined by the calculation agent by interpolation or extrapolation on a straight line basis between the most recent weekly average yield to maturity for two series of U.S. Treasury securities trading in the public securities market, (A) one maturing as close as possible to, but earlier than, the Reset Date following the next succeeding Reset Interest Determination Date, and (B) the other maturity as close as possible to, but later than, the Reset Date following the next succeeding Reset Interest Determination Date, in each case as published in the most recently published H.15. If the Five-Year Treasury Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the methods described in clauses (1) or (2) above, then the Five-Year Treasury Rate will be the same interest rate as in effect for the prior period. 
 
 H.15 means the weekly statistical release designated as such, or any successor publication, published by the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities. 
 
 Reset Date means the First Reset Date and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the preceding Reset Date. 
 
 8 

Reset Interest Determination Date means, in respect of any Reset Period, the day falling two business days prior to the beginning of such Reset Period. 

Reset Period means the period from and including the First Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following Reset Date and thereafter each period from and including each Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following Reset Date. 
 
 Option to Defer Interest Payments 
 
 So long as no event of default with respect to the debentures has occurred and is continuing, we may, on one or more occasions, defer interest payments on the debentures for one or more optional deferral periods of up to five consecutive years (each such period, an Optional Deferral Period ). A deferral of interest payments cannot extend, however, beyond the maturity date or the earlier acceleration or redemption of the debentures. During an Optional Deferral Period, interest will continue to accrue on the debentures, and deferred interest payments will accrue additional interest at the then applicable interest rate on the debentures, compounded quarterly as of each interest payment date to the extent permitted by applicable law. No interest otherwise due during an Optional Deferral Period will be due and payable on the debentures until the end of such Optional Deferral Period except upon an acceleration or redemption of the debentures during such deferral period. 
 
 At the end of five years following the commencement of an Optional Deferral Period, we must pay all accrued and unpaid deferred interest, including compounded interest. If, at the end of any Optional Deferral Period, we have paid all deferred interest due on the debentures, including compounded interest, we can again defer interest payments on the debentures as described above. 
 
 We will provide to the Trustee and the holders of debentures written notice of any deferral of interest at least one and not more than 60 business days prior to the applicable interest payment date. In addition, our failure to pay interest on the debentures on any interest payment date will itself constitute the commencement of an Optional Deferral Period unless we pay such interest within five business days after any such interest payment date, whether or not we provide a notice of deferral. We have no present intention of exercising our right to defer payments of interest. 
 
 Payment Restrictions During an Optional Deferral Period 
 
 After the commencement of an Optional Deferral Period until we have paid all accrued and unpaid interest on the debentures, we will not, and will not permit any of our subsidiaries to 
 
 1. declare or pay any dividends or distributions on, or redeem, purchase, acquire, or make a liquidation payment with respect to, any of our capital stock (which includes common and preferred stock), 
 
 2. make any payment of principal, interest or premium on or repay, repurchase or redeem any Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures or Indebtedness Ranking Junior to the Debentures, or 
 
 3. make any guarantee payments with respect to any guarantee by us of any securities of any of our subsidiaries if such guarantee ranks pari passu with or junior in right of payment to the debentures 
 
 other than 
 
 9 

a. dividends or distributions in shares of, or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of, our capital stock where the dividend stock or stock issuable upon exercise of such 

options, warrants or other rights is the same stock as that on which the dividend is being paid or 
 ranks equally with or junior to such stock, 
 
 b. any declaration of a dividend in connection with the implementation of a stockholder s rights plan, or the issuance of capital stock under any such plan in the future, or the redemption or repurchase of any such rights pursuant thereto, 
 
 c. as a result of a reclassification of any series or class of our capital stock or the exchange or conversion of one class or series of our capital stock for or into another class or series of our capital stock, 
 
 d. the purchase of fractional interests in shares of our capital stock pursuant to an acquisition or the conversion or exchange provisions of such capital stock or the security being converted or exchanged, 
 
 e. purchases or acquisitions of shares of our capital stock in connection with any employment contract, benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of directors, officers, agents, consultants or employees or our satisfaction of our obligations under any dividend reinvestment plan or our director, officer, agent, consultant or employee stock purchase plans, 
 
 f. any exchange, redemption or conversion of any class or series of our capital stock, or the capital stock of one of our subsidiaries, for any other class or series of our capital stock, or of any class or series of our Indebtedness for Money Borrowed for any class or series of our capital stock, 
 
 g. purchases or acquisitions of shares of our capital stock in connection with our satisfaction of our obligations under any contract or security entered into before commencement of the Optional Deferral Period, and 
 
 h. (i) payment of current or deferred interest on our Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures made pro rata to the amounts due on our Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures and the debentures and (ii) payment of principal or current or deferred interest on our Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures that, if not made, would cause us to breach the terms of the instrument governing such Indebtedness Ranking on a Parity with the Debentures. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, no terms of the debentures will restrict in any manner the ability of any of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make any distributions to us or to any of our other subsidiaries. 
 
 Optional Redemption of the Debentures 
 
 We may redeem the debentures in increments of 25 principal amount 
 
 in whole or in part on the First Reset Date or any time thereafter, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the debentures being redeemed plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including compounded interest, if any) to, but excluding, the date of redemption provided that if the debentures are not redeemed in whole, at least 25 million aggregate principal amount of the debentures must remain outstanding after giving effect to such redemption 
 
 10 

in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2027, within 90 days of the occurrence of a Tax Event at a redemption price equal to the principal amount plus any accrued and 

unpaid interest thereon (including compounded interest, if any) to, but excluding, the date of 
 redemption 
 
 in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2027, within 90 days of the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Event, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including compounded interest, if any) to, but excluding, the date of redemption or 
 
 in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2027, within 90 days of the occurrence of a Rating Agency Event , at a redemption price equal to 102 of the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including compounded interest, if any) to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 
 Tax Event means that we will have received an opinion of counsel, rendered by a law firm of nationally recognized standing that is experienced in such matters, stating that, as a result of any 
 
 amendment to, or change in (including any promulgation, enactment, execution or modification of) the laws (or any regulations under those laws) of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or therein affecting taxation 
 
 official administrative pronouncement (including a private letter ruling, technical advice memorandum or similar pronouncement) or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying the laws or regulations enumerated in the preceding bullet point, by any court, governmental agency or regulatory authority or 
 
 threatened challenge asserted in connection with an audit of us or any of our subsidiaries, or a threatened challenge asserted in writing against any taxpayer that has raised capital through the issuance of securities that are substantially similar to the debentures, 
 
 which amendment or change is enacted or effective or which pronouncement or decision is announced or which challenge is asserted against us or becomes publicly known on or after the original issue date of the debentures, there is more than an insubstantial increase in the risk that interest accruable or payable by us on the debentures is not, or will not be, deductible by us in whole or in part, for U.S. federal income tax purposes provided that a change of tax law shall not give rise to a Tax Event unless, in the opinion of independent tax counsel, the change of law limits, defers, or prohibits the deduction of interest on the debentures in a manner or to an extent different from and more adverse than interest on senior debt obligations of the Company by reason of the specific characteristics of the debentures. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Event means that we become subject to capital adequacy supervision by a capital regulator and the capital adequacy guidelines that apply to us as a result of being so subject set forth criteria pursuant to which the full principal amount of the debentures would not qualify as capital under such capital adequacy guidelines, as we may determine at any time, in our sole discretion. 
 
 Rating Agency Event means that any nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act that then publishes a rating for us (a rating agency amends, clarifies or changes the criteria it uses to assign equity credit to securities such as the debentures, which amendment, clarification or change results in (a) 
 11 

the shortening of the length of time the debentures are assigned a particular level of equity credit by that rating agency as compared to the length of time they would have been assigned that level of equity credit by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the debentures or (b) the lowering of the equity credit (including up to a lesser amount) assigned to the debentures by that rating agency 
 compared to the equity credit assigned by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the debentures. 
 
 Notice of any optional redemption of any debentures will be given to registered holders of the debentures to be redeemed or, if the debentures are represented by one or more global security certificates, sent in accordance with the procedures of the depositary not more than 90 nor less than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. If less than all of the debentures are to be redeemed, and such debentures are at the time represented by one or more global security certificates, then the debentures to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the procedures of the depositary. If less than all of the debentures are to be redeemed, and such debentures are not represented by one or more global security certificates, then the Trustee will select the particular debentures to be redeemed by lot or in such manner it deems appropriate. The Trustee may select debentures and portions of debentures in amounts of 25 and multiples of 25 in excess of 25. 
 
 On and after the date of redemption, interest will cease to accrue on the debentures or any portion of the debentures called for redemption, unless we default in the payment of the redemption amount. 
 
 Restrictions on Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Substantially all Assets 
 
 The Indenture provides that we may not merge with or into or consolidate with any other Person, or sell, assign, transfer, lease or convey all or substantially all of our properties and assets to any other Person other than a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of ours, unless 
 
 we are the surviving corporation or the Person formed by or surviving such merger or consolidation or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease or conveyance has been made (the successor Person ), if other than us, assumes our obligations in the debentures and under the Indenture and 
 
 after giving effect to such transaction, no default under the Indenture has occurred or is continuing. 
 
 The successor Person will be the successor to us, and will be substituted for and may exercise every right and power and become the obligor on the debentures, but, in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of our properties and assets, we will not be released from our obligations under the Indenture and the debentures. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, we need not comply with the provision described in the second bullet point of the immediately preceding paragraph in connection with (i) any merger of us with or into, or any consolidation of us with, any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of ours or (ii) any merger of us with or into, or any consolidation of us with, an affiliate of ours solely for the purpose of our reincorporating or reorganizing in another jurisdiction. 
 
 Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or an agency or political subdivision thereof. 
 
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (a) any corporation, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which 100 of the total voting power of shares (other than directors qualifying shares or an immaterial amount of shares required to be owned by other Persons 
 12 

pursuant to applicable law) of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers 
 
 voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees of the corporation, limited liability company, association or other business entity is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person (or a combination thereof) and (b) any partnership (i) the sole general partner or the managing general partner of which is such Person or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of such Person or (ii) the only general partners of which are that Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination thereof). 
 
 Capital Stock means (a) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock (b) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock (c) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership interests (whether general or limited) or membership interests and (d) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person, but excluding from all of the foregoing any debt securities convertible into Capital Stock, whether or not such debt securities include any right of participation with Capital Stock. 
 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (a) any corporation, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which more than 50 of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees of the corporation, limited liability company, association or other business entity is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person (or a combination thereof) and (b) any partnership (i) the sole general partner or the managing general partner of which is such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person or (ii) the only general partners of which are that Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination thereof). 
 
 Events of Default 
 
 An event of default with respect to the debentures shall occur only upon certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership. 
 
 The Indenture refers to breaches that are not events of default as defaults. They include 
 
 a default in payment of principal or any premium when due 
 
 a default for 30 days in payment of any interest when due provided that the date on 
 which such interest payment is due and payable shall be the date on which we must make payment following any Optional Deferral Period or 
 
 the failure to comply with our covenants or agreements under the Indenture or the 
 debentures. 
 
 A default also includes, for example, a failure to pay interest within 30 days of the relevant interest payment date if we do not give a timely written notice of our election to commence or continue a deferral period. If we do not give a timely written notice of our election to commence or continue a deferral period and fail to pay interest within 30 days of the relevant interest payment date, any holder of debentures may seek to enforce our obligation to make the missed interest payment, including through 
 13 

legal process. However, there is no right of acceleration except upon the occurrence of an event of default as described above. 
 
 If we do give a timely written notice of our election to commence or continue a deferral period on any interest payment date (and, if such notice continues a deferral period, the deferral period has not continued for five years), then no default will arise from our non-payment of interest on such interest payment date on the debentures. 
 
 The Indenture provides that the trustee must give holders notice of all defaults or events of default within 90 days after they become actually known to a responsible officer of the trustee. However, except in the case of a default in payment on the debentures, the trustee will be protected in withholding the notice if a responsible officer determines that withholding of the notice is in the interest of holders. 
 
 If an event of default under the Indenture occurs, the entire principal amount of the debentures will automatically become due and payable without any declaration or other action on the part of the trustee or any holder of the debentures. There is no right of acceleration in the case of any payment default or other breaches of covenants under the Indenture or the debentures. In the case of a default in the payment of principal of or interest, including any compounded interest, on the debentures, the holders may, or if directed by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the debentures, the trustee shall, subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, demand payment of the amount then due and payable and may institute legal proceedings for the collection of such amount if we fail to make payment thereof upon demand. 
 
 The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debentures may waive any past default, except 
 
 a default in payment of principal or interest or 
 
 a default under any provision of the Indenture that itself cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holders of all outstanding debentures. 
 
 The holders of a majority in principal amount of the debentures will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee, subject to the provisions of the Indenture. 
 We are required to file an officers certificate with the trustee each year that states, to the knowledge of the certifying officers, whether we have complied with all conditions and covenants under the terms of the Indenture and the debentures and specifying any default. 
 
 If an event of default under the Indenture occurs, the trustee will be obligated to use its rights and powers under the Indenture, and to use the same degree of care and skill in doing so that a prudent person would use in that situation in conducting his or her own affairs. In contrast, the trustee shall have no right or obligation under the Indenture or otherwise to exercise any remedies on behalf of any holders of the debentures pursuant to the Indenture in connection with any default that is not also an event of default, unless such remedies are available under the Indenture and the trustee is directed to exercise such remedies by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the debentures pursuant to and subject to the conditions of the Indenture. In connection with any such exercise of remedies in connection with a default the trustee shall be entitled to the same immunities and protections and remedial rights (other than acceleration) as if such default were an event of default. 
 
 Modification of Indenture and Debentures 
 
 14 

With certain exceptions, the Indenture and the debentures may be modified or amended with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the debentures affected by the 
 
 modification or amendment. However, no such modification or amendment may be made, without the consent of the holder of each debenture affected, which would 
 
 change the stated maturity of the principal of the debentures 
 
 reduce the principal amount on the debentures or the rate of interest thereon or any premium payable upon the redemption of the debentures 
 
 change any place of payment where, or the coin or currency in which, any debenture or the interest or any premium thereon is payable 
 
 impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the stated maturity thereof (or, in the case of a redemption, on or after the redemption date) 
 
 reduce the percentage in principal amount of the debentures, the consent of holders of which is required to modify or amend the Indenture or the debentures, or the consent of the holders of which is required for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture or certain defaults therein and their consequences provided in the Indenture 
 
 modify any of the provisions described under Modification of Indenture and Debentures or provisions under the Indenture relating to waivers of defaults and waivers of compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture, except to increase the percentage in principal amount of holders required under any such provision or to provide that certain other provisions of the Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the holder of each outstanding debenture affected thereby or 
 
 modify, without the written consent of the Trustee, the rights, duties or immunities of the Trustee. 
 
 Furthermore, no modification may be made to any of the provisions described under Subordination, or the rights of Senior Indebtedness, in any manner that would alter or impair the subordination of the debentures with respect to Senior Indebtedness then outstanding, without the consent of each holder of such Senior Indebtedness. 
 
 Without the consent of any holders of the debentures, we and the Trustee may modify or amend the Indenture or the debentures for, among other things, any of the following purposes 
 
 to add to our covenants for the benefit of the holders of the debentures or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us in the Indenture 
 
 to add events of default 
 
 to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Indenture to provide, change or eliminate any restrictions on the payment of principal on the debentures provided that any such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders of debentures in any material respect 
 
 to evidence the succession of another person to us in compliance with the Indenture and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants in the Indenture and in the debentures 

15 

to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment under the Indenture by a successor trustee with respect to the debentures in compliance with the Indenture and to add to or change any of the provisions of the Indenture as may be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts under the Indenture by more than one trustee 
 
 to secure the debentures 
 
 to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision of the Indenture or the debentures which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision of the Indenture or the debentures or to conform the terms of the Indenture that are applicable to the debentures to the description of the terms of the debentures 
 
 to add to or change or eliminate any provision of the Indenture or the debentures as shall be necessary or desirable in accordance with any amendments to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended 
 
 to add guarantors or co-obligors with respect to the debentures 
 
 to make any change that does not adversely affect in any material respect the rights of the holders of the debentures 
 
 to provide for the issuance of the debentures in uncertificated form or to add to or change any of the provisions of the Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of the debentures in uncertificated form 
 
 to comply with the requirements of any applicable securities depositary 
 
 to supplement any of the provisions of the Indenture or the debentures to such extent as necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge of the debentures, provided that any such action shall not adversely affect in any material respect the interests of the holders of the debentures or 
 
 to establish the form of any certifications required to be furnished pursuant to the terms of the Indenture or the debentures or to add to the rights of holders of the debentures. 
 
 Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 
 
 We may elect either to 
 
 be discharged from our obligations with respect to the debentures (except as otherwise 
 provided in the Indenture) discharge or 
 
 be released from our obligations with respect to certain covenants that are described in the Indenture covenant defeasance ), 
 
 upon the deposit with the Trustee, in trust for such purpose, of money and or government obligations that through the payment of principal and interest in accordance with their terms will provide money (or a combination of money and United States government obligations) in an amount sufficient, based on a certificate, report or opinion of a nationally recognized investment bank, appraisal firm or firm of independent certified public accountants, without reinvestment, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the debentures to maturity or redemption, as the case may be. As a condition to discharge 
 16 

or covenant defeasance, among others, we must deliver to the Trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that the beneficial owners of such series of debentures will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of such discharge or covenant defeasance and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such discharge or covenant defeasance had not occurred. In the case of a discharge, such opinion of counsel must refer to or be based on a ruling of the IRS or applicable court to that effect or a change in applicable United States federal income tax law occurring after the original issue date of the debentures. We may exercise our discharge option with respect to the debentures notwithstanding our prior exercise of our covenant defeasance option. 
 
 If we exercise our covenant defeasance option, payment of the debentures may not thereafter be accelerated by reference to any covenant from which we are released as described in the second bullet point in the immediately preceding paragraph. However, if acceleration were to occur for other reasons, the realizable value at the acceleration date of the money and government obligations in the defeasance trust could be less than the principal and interest then due on the debentures, in that the required deposit in the defeasance trust is based upon scheduled cash flows rather than market value, which will vary depending upon interest rates and other factors. 
 
 Satisfaction and Discharge 
 
 Upon our written order to the Trustee, the Indenture will cease to be of further effect with respect to the debentures (except as to any surviving rights of registration of transfer or exchange of the debentures expressly provided for in the Indenture and rights to receive payments of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the debentures), and the Trustee will execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture with respect to the debentures, when 
 
 either 
 
 all of the debentures theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (A) debentures that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have been replaced or paid as provided in the Indenture and (B) debentures for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by us and thereafter repaid to us or discharged from such trust, as provided in the Indenture) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation or 
 
 all of the debentures not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, 
 
 A. have become due and payable, 
 
 B. will become due and payable at their stated maturity within one year, or 
 
 C. are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the 
 Trustee, 
 
 and we, in the case of (A), (B) or (C) above, have deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee or paying agent an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the debentures for principal and premium, if any, and interest to the date of such deposit (if the debentures have become due and payable) or to the stated maturity or redemption date, as the case may be 
 
 we have paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable by us under the Indenture with respect to the debentures and 
 17 

we have delivered to the Trustee an officer s certificate and an opinion of counsel each stating that all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture with respect to the debentures have been complied with. 
 
 Transfer 
 
 No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of debentures, but payment will be required of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. 
 
 Listing 
 
 We intend to apply to list the debentures on the NYSE under the symbol KMPB. If the application is approved, we expect trading of the debentures on the NYSE to begin within 30 days after they are first issued. 
 
 Agreement to Treat Debentures as Indebtedness for Tax Purposes 
 
 We agree and each holder of the debentures will, by accepting the debentures or a beneficial interest therein, be deemed to have agreed, in each case, that such party intends that the debentures constitute indebtedness and will treat the debentures as indebtedness for all U.S. federal, state and local tax purposes. 
 
 Book-Entry System 
 
 The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, which we refer to along with its successors in this capacity as the depositary, will act as securities depositary for the debentures. The debentures will be issued only as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co., the depositary s nominee. One or more fully registered global security certificates, representing the total aggregate principal amount of the debentures, will be issued and will be deposited with the depositary or its custodian and will bear a legend regarding the restrictions on exchanges and registration of transfer referred to below. 
 
 The laws of some jurisdictions may require that some purchasers of securities take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. These laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the debentures so long as the debentures are represented by global security certificates. 
 
 Investors may elect to hold interests in the debentures in global form through either DTC in the United States or Clearstream Banking S.A. Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank S.A. N.V. Euroclear ), if they are participants in those systems, or indirectly through organizations which are participants in those systems. Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will hold interests on behalf of their participants through customers securities accounts in Clearstream, Luxembourg s and Euroclear s names on the books of their respective depositaries, which in turn will hold such interests in customers securities accounts in the depositaries names on the books of DTC. Citibank, N.A. will act as depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will act as depositary for Euroclear (in such capacities, the U.S. Depositaries ). 
 
 DTC advises that it is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a banking organization within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a clearing corporation within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a clearing agency registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. The depositary holds securities that its participants (the DTC Participants deposit with 
 18 

the depositary. The depositary also facilitates the settlement among DTC Participants of securities transactions, including transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerized book-entry changes in DTC Participants accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. DTC Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations. The depositary is owned by a number of its direct participants and by the NYSE, the NYSE MKT LLC, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. Access to the depositary s system is also available to others, including securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear transactions through or maintain a direct or indirect custodial relationship with a direct participant either directly, or indirectly. The rules applicable to the depositary and DTC Participants are on file with the SEC. 
 
 Clearstream, Luxembourg advises that it is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depositary. Clearstream, Luxembourg holds securities for its participating organizations Clearstream Participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between Clearstream Participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream Participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Clearstream, Luxembourg provides to Clearstream Participants, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg interfaces with domestic markets in several countries. As a professional depositary, Clearstream, Luxembourg is subject to regulation by the Luxembourg Commission for the Supervision of the Financial Sector (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier). Clearstream Participants are recognized financial institutions around the world, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations and may include the underwriters. Indirect access to Clearstream, Luxembourg is also available to others, such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Clearstream Participant, either directly or indirectly. 
 
 Distributions with respect to interests in the debentures held beneficially through Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited to cash accounts of Clearstream Participants in accordance with its rules and procedures, to the extent received by the U.S. Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
 Euroclear advises that it was created in 1968 to hold securities for participants of Euroclear Euroclear Participants and to clear and settle transactions between Euroclear Participants through simultaneous electronic book-entry delivery against payment, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates and any risk from lack of simultaneous transfers of securities and cash. 
 
 Euroclear includes various other services, including securities lending and borrowing and interfaces with domestic markets in several countries. The Euroclear system is operated by Euroclear Bank S.A. N.V. (the Euroclear Operator ). All operations are conducted by the Euroclear Operator, and all Euroclear securities clearance accounts and Euroclear cash accounts are accounts with the Euroclear Operator. Euroclear Participants include banks (including central banks), securities brokers and dealers and other professional financial intermediaries and may include the underwriters. Indirect access to Euroclear is also available to other firms that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear Participant, either directly or indirectly. 
 
 Securities clearance accounts and cash accounts with the Euroclear Operator are governed by the Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the related Operating Procedures of the Euroclear System, and applicable Belgian law (collectively, the Terms and Conditions ). The Terms and Conditions govern transfers of securities and cash within Euroclear, withdrawals of securities and cash from Euroclear, and receipts of payments with respect to securities in Euroclear. All securities in Euroclear are held on a fungible basis without attribution of specific certificates to specific securities 
 19 

clearance accounts. The Euroclear Operator acts under the Terms and Conditions only on behalf of Euroclear Participants, and has no records of or relationship with persons holding through Euroclear Participants. 
 
 Distributions with respect to the debentures held beneficially through Euroclear will be credited to the cash accounts of Euroclear Participants in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, to the extent received by the U.S. Depositary for Euroclear. 
 
 We issue certificated debentures to each person that the depositary identifies as the beneficial owner of the debentures represented by a global security certificate upon surrender by the depositary of the global security certificate if 
 
 the depositary notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for such global security certificate or ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act 
 
 an event of default under the debentures has occurred and is continuing or 
 
 we determine not to have the debentures represented by a global security certificate. 
 
 Neither we nor the Trustee is liable for any delay by the depositary or its nominee or any direct or indirect participant in identifying the beneficial owners of the debentures. We and the Trustee may conclusively rely on, and will be protected in relying on, instructions from the depositary or its nominee for all purposes, including with respect to the registration and delivery, and the respective principal amounts, of the certificated debentures to be issued. 
 
 As long as the depositary or its nominee is the registered owner of the global security certificates, the depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, is considered the sole owner and holder of the global security certificates and all debentures represented by these global security certificates for all purposes under the Indenture. Except in the limited circumstances referred to above, owners of beneficial interests in global security certificates 
 
 are not entitled to have the debentures represented by these global security certificates registered in their names, and 
 
 are not considered to be owners or holders of the global security certificates or any debentures represented by these certificates for any purpose under the debentures or the Indenture. 
 
 All payments on the debentures represented by the global security certificates and all transfers and deliveries of related debentures are made to the depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the holder of such securities. 
 
 Ownership of beneficial interests in the global security certificates is limited to participants or persons that may hold beneficial interests through institutions that have accounts with the depositary or its nominee. Ownership of beneficial interests in global security certificates is shown only on, and the transfer of those ownership interests will be effected only through, records maintained by the depositary or its nominee, with respect to participants interests, or any participant, with respect to interests of persons held by the participant on their behalf. Payments, transfers, deliveries, exchanges and other matters relating to beneficial interests in global security certificates may be subject to various policies and procedures adopted by the depositary from time to time. Neither we nor the Trustee has any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the depositary s or any participant s records relating to, or for payments made on account of, beneficial interests in global security certificates, or for maintaining, supervising or 
 
 20 

reviewing any of the depositary s records or any participant s records relating to these beneficial ownership interests. 
 
 Although the depositary has agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of interests in the global security certificates among participants, the depositary is under no obligation to perform or continue to perform these procedures, and these procedures may be discontinued at any time. We will not have any responsibility for the performance by the depositary or its direct participants or indirect participants under the rules and procedures governing the depositary. 
 
 The information in this section concerning the depositary, its book-entry system, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we have not attempted to verify the accuracy of this information. 
 
 Global Clearance and Settlement Procedures 
 
 Initial settlement for the debentures will be made in immediately available funds. Secondary market trading between DTC Participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with DTC rules and will be settled in immediately available funds using DTC s Same-Day Funds Settlement System. Secondary market trading between Clearstream Participants and or Euroclear Participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable rules and operating procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, as applicable. 
 
 Cross-market transfers between persons holding directly or indirectly through DTC on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream Participants or Euroclear Participants, on the other hand, will be effected through DTC in accordance with DTC rules on behalf of the relevant European international clearing system by its U.S. Depositary however, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to the relevant European international clearing system by the counterparty in such system in accordance with its rules and procedures and within its established deadlines (European time). The relevant European international clearing system will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to its U.S. Depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving securities in DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same-day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Clearstream Participants and Euroclear Participants may not deliver instructions directly to their respective U.S. Depositaries. 
 
 Because of time-zone differences, credits of debentures received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as a result of a transaction with a DTC Participant will be made during subsequent securities settlement processing and dated the business day following the DTC settlement date. Such credits or any transactions in such debentures settled during such processing will be reported to the relevant Euroclear Participant or Clearstream Participant on such business day. Cash received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as a result of sales of the debentures by or through a Clearstream Participant or a Euroclear Participant to a DTC Participant will be received with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the relevant Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear cash account only as of the business day following settlement in DTC. 
 
 Although DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of debentures among participants of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. 
 
 About the Trustee 
 
 21 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association is the Trustee. Subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, the Trustee is under no obligation to exercise any of its powers vested in it by the Indenture at the request of any holder of the debentures unless the holder offers the Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, claims, expenses and liabilities which might result. The Trustee is not required to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur personal financial liability in performing its duties if the Trustee believes that it is not reasonably assured of repayment or adequate indemnity. We have entered, and from time to time may continue to enter, into banking or other relationships with U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association or its affiliates. The Trustee serves as trustee with respect to outstanding debt securities of the Company other than the debentures. An affiliate of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association is a lender under our revolving credit agreement. 
 
 The Trustee may resign or be removed with respect to one or more series of debt securities under the Indenture, and a successor trustee may be appointed to act with respect to such series. 
 
 Applicable Law 
 
 The debentures and the Indenture are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 Payment and Paying Agent 
 
 We will pay principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the debentures at the office of the paying agent designated by us, except that we may pay interest by check mailed to the registered holder or, in accordance with customary arrangements, by wire transfer to an account designated by the registered holder. 
 
 Subject to applicable abandoned property law, any money deposited with the Trustee or any paying agent for the payment of the principal of and premium, if any, or interest on a debenture which remains unclaimed at the end of two years after such principal and premium, if any, or interest has become due and payable will be repaid to us, and the holder of the debenture may then look only to us for payment. 
 
 The Trustee acts as paying agent for the debentures. 
 
 Calculation Agent 
 
 The calculation agent means, at any time, the person or entity appointed by Kemper and serving as such agent with respect to the debentures at such time. Unless Kemper has validly redeemed all outstanding debentures on or before the First Reset Date, it will appoint a calculation agent with respect to the debentures prior to the First Reset Date. Kemper may terminate any such appointment as long as it appoints a successor agent at the time of termination. U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association initially acts as calculation agent and may subsequently appoint one of its affiliates as calculation agent. 
 22 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-10.32>
 3
 kmpr202212312022ex1032.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 

Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AND SAR AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (Cliff-Vesting Form) 
 This NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AND SAR AWARD AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of this ______ day of __________________, 20__ Grant Date between KEMPER CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation Company ), and name Participant ), for an award consisting of the right and option Option to purchase, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, shares of the Company s common stock Common Stock ), along with a tandem stock appreciation right SAR ). 
 SIGNATURES 
 As of the date set forth above, the parties have accepted the terms of this Agreement by signing this Agreement by an electronic signature, and each party agrees that such signature shall not be denied legal effect, validity or enforceability solely because it was submitted or executed electronically. 
 KEMPER CORPORATION PARTICIPANT 
 By __________________________________ ____________________________________ 
 CEO Signature and Title name 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Board of Directors of the Company Board has adopted the Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan Plan ), including all amendments to date, to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board or any subcommittee thereof, or any other committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan Committee ). Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall be defined in accordance with the Plan. 
 B. The Plan authorizes the Committee to grant to selected Employees, Directors and Third Party Service Providers awards of various types, including options to purchase shares of Common Stock and tandem stock appreciation rights. 
 C. Pursuant to the Plan, the Committee has determined that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to grant a non-qualified stock option (and tandem stock appreciation right) to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement as an inducement to remain in the service of the Company and as an incentive for increased effort during such service. 
 D. Neither the Option nor the SAR granted hereby is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Grant . 
 (a) The Company grants the Option to purchase all or any part of an aggregate of shares number shares of Common Stock at the Exercise Price (as 

defined below) to the Participant, which will be exercisable in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement provided that the Option may not be exercised with respect to a fraction of a share. 
 (b) The Option is coupled with a SAR that is exercisable to the extent, and only to the extent, that the Option is vested as described in Section 6. The SAR shall entitle the Participant to surrender the Option (or any portion thereof, subject to Section 8(a)) to the Company unexercised and receive in exchange therefor that number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate value equal to (A) the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined below) of one share of Common Stock over the Exercise Price, multiplied by (B) the number of such shares of Common Stock subject to the Option (or portion thereof) which is so surrendered. 
 2. Exercise Price . The per share price of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Option or SAR shall be ____ Exercise Price ), which shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Grant Date. The Exercise Price may be adjusted in accordance with Section 13. 
 3. Governing Plan . The Option is granted pursuant to the Plan, which is incorporated herein for all purposes. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, which controls in case of any conflict with this Agreement, except as otherwise provided for in the Plan. No amendment of the Plan shall adversely affect this Option in any material way without the written consent of the Participant. 
 4. Restrictions on Transfer . The Option and SAR and all rights and privileges granted hereby (including the right of exercise) shall not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way, whether by operation of the law or otherwise, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, no rights or privileges granted hereby may be assigned or otherwise transferred to the spouse or former spouse of the Participant pursuant to any divorce proceedings, settlement or judgment, unless approved by the Committee. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Option or the SAR or any other rights or privileges granted hereby contrary to the provisions hereof, the Option and SAR and all other rights and privileges contained herein shall immediately become null and void and of no further force or effect. 
 5. Term . Except as provided in Section 11, neither the Option nor the SAR shall be exercisable after the Company s close of business on the last business day that occurs coincident with or prior to the earliest of Expiration Date 
 (a) the 10 th anniversary of the Grant Date 
 (b) the first anniversary of the Participant s death 
 (c) the first anniversary of the Participant s termination of Service due to the Participant s Disability 
 (d) the first anniversary of the Participant s termination of Service (other than for Cause) following Retirement 
 (e) the date that is three (3) months following the Participant s termination of Service for any reason other than Cause or any reason described in (b) (d) above or 
 (f) any date of the Participant s termination of Service for Cause. 
 2 

6. Vesting and Exercise . 
 (a) Vesting . The Option and or the SAR may only be exercised to the extent they are vested. To the extent not previously forfeited, the Option and SAR shall fully vest on the earliest to occur of the following Vesting Date 
 (i) the _________ anniversary of the Grant Date, if the Participant continues in Service through such date 
 (ii) the date of the Participant s death, if the Participant dies while in Service 
 (iii) the date of the Participant s Disability, if the Participant becomes Disabled while in Service or 
 (iv) the date upon which vesting is accelerated in accordance with Section 13(b), or otherwise by the Committee in its discretion in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 (b) Certain Definitions . 
 (i) Cause means any of the following (1) the Participant s theft or falsification of any Company or Affiliate documents, records or property (2) the Participant s improper use or disclosure of the Company s or an Affiliate s confidential or proprietary information in breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct or an applicable contractual or other obligation, or using such information for personal gain including, without limitation, by trading in Company securities on the basis of material, non-public information (3) fraud, misappropriation of or intentional material damage to the property or business of the Company or an Affiliate or other action by the Participant which has a material detrimental effect on the Company s or an Affiliate s reputation or business as determined by the Committee (4) the Participant s material failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned and lawful duties after written notice from the Company or Affiliate of such failure or inability, and such failure or inability is not cured by the Participant within ten (10) business days (5) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any felony or any criminal violation involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, dishonesty, the misuse or misappropriation of money or other property or any other crime which has or would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the business or reputation of the Company or an Affiliate or (6) a material breach by the Participant of the policies and procedures of the Company or an Affiliate, including, but not limited to, any breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct and the requirements of Section 18 below. 
 (ii) Disabled or Disability means that the Participant either 
 (A) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months and, with respect to a Participant who is an Employee, is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident 
 3 

and health plan e.g. , a long term disability plan) covering Employees of the Company or Affiliate that employs the Participant or 
 (B) is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board. 
 (iii) Employer means the Company or Affiliate by whom the Participant is employed, or to whom the Participant provides services. 
 (iv) Good Reason means any action taken by the Employer which results in a material negative change to the Participant in the employment relationship, such as the duties to be performed, the conditions under which such duties are to be performed or the compensation to be received for performing such services. A termination by the Participant shall not constitute termination for Good Reason unless the Participant shall first have delivered to the Employer written notice setting forth with specificity the occurrence deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason (which notice must be given no later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such event), and there shall have passed a reasonable time (not less than thirty (30) days) within which the Employer may take action to correct, rescind or otherwise substantially reverse the occurrence supporting termination for Good Reason as identified by the Participant. 
 (v) Retirement means that the Participant has either attained age 55 and completed ten (10) years of Service as an Employee or attained age 60 and completed five (5) years of Service as an Employee. 
 (vi) Service means the period during which the Participant is an Employee, Director or Third Party Service Provider provided , however , that the Participant will not be deemed to be in Service after the Company divests its control in the Affiliate for whom the Participant is exclusively in Service, or if the Company s control of such Affiliate otherwise ceases. 
 7. Termination of Service . On the date of the Participant s cessation of Service, any unvested portion of the Option and SAR held by the Participant that does not vest upon such cessation of Service in accordance with this Agreement shall be forfeited to the Company. If the Participant s Service is terminated, or is deemed to be terminated, for Cause, any outstanding portions of the Option and SAR held by the Participant (vested or unvested) shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of such termination of Service. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a Participant s Service shall be deemed terminated for Cause if the Participant resigns or is terminated and the Committee determines in good faith, either before, at the time of, or after such termination, that one or more of the events or actions described in the definition of Cause in Section 6(b) existed as of the time of such termination. 
 8. Manner of Exercise . 
 (a) During the period beginning on the Vesting Date and ending on the Expiration Date, the Participant may purchase all or any part of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option or may receive such lesser number of shares as may be available through the exercise of the SAR. In the event the Option (or any portion thereof) is exercised, then the SAR (or the corresponding portion) shall terminate. In the event that the SAR (or any portion thereof) is exercised, then the Option (or the corresponding portion) shall likewise terminate. Consequently, the total number of shares subject to the Option shall be reduced by the number of shares for which the 
 4 

Option or the SAR has previously been exercised. Likewise, the total number of shares subject to the SAR shall be reduced by the number of shares for which the SAR or the Option has previously been exercised. 
 (b) Each exercise of the Option shall be initiated by the Participant or his or her Representative by means of a notice of exercise delivered to the Company through the internet portal Portal provided by or on behalf of the Company or, if such Portal is not available for such exercise, in the form of a written document or electronic mail Notice ). The Notice shall identify the number of shares for which the Option is being exercised. Before shares of Common Stock will be issued and subject to the requirements of Section 9 below, the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares for which the Option is being exercised shall be paid to the Company in a manner permitted under the Plan. 
 (c) Each exercise of the SAR shall be initiated by the Participant or his or her Representative by delivery of a Notice as described above in Section 8(b). The Notice shall identify the number of shares for which the SAR is being exercised. Upon satisfaction of the Participant s obligation to pay the Company the amount of all taxes that the Company is required to withhold in connection with such exercise as specified in Section 9 below, the Company shall issue to the Participant a number of shares of the Company s common stock determined in accordance with Section 1(b). The SAR may only be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock and not by payment of cash to the Participant. Any fractional share that would otherwise result from an exercise of the SAR shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. 
 (d) The date of exercise shall be (i) in the case of an Option exercise, the date that the Company receives the Notice if received within regular market hours on a day that the New York Stock Exchange is open for business Trading Day ), and otherwise on the next Trading Day provided , however , that if the Notice is provided by means of a Good Till Cancelled Order involving a Same Day Sale or Sell to Cover transaction Order ), then the date of exercise shall instead be the date that the Order is executed (ii) in the case of a SAR exercise not conducted through the Portal, the date specified in the Notice or, if not specified, the date that the Company receives the Notice or (iii) in the case of a SAR exercise conducted through the Portal, the date that the Company receives the Notice if received within regular market hours on a Trading Day, and otherwise on the next Trading Day. 
 (e) The Option and SAR may be exercised only by the Participant or his or her Representative, and not otherwise, regardless of any community property interest therein of the spouse of the Participant, or such spouse s successors in interest. If the spouse of the Participant shall have acquired a community property interest in the Option or the SAR, the Participant, or the Participant s Representative, may exercise the Option and or the SAR on behalf of the spouse of the Participant or such spouse s successors in interest. 
 9. Withholding of Taxes . Upon the exercise of the Option or the SAR, the Participant or the Participant s Representative shall pay to the Company the amount of any taxes which the Company is required to withhold with respect to such exercise. Subject to the limitations set forth in the next two sentences, the Company shall withhold shares of Common Stock that would otherwise have been issued pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the SAR to satisfy the tax withholding obligations, unless and except to the extent that the Participant or his or her Representative elects to satisfy all or any portion of such tax withholding obligations by cash payment to the Company. Neither the Participant nor his or her Representative shall have the right to have shares of Common Stock withheld, in either case, to the extent that the 
 5 

Fair Market Value of such shares delivered or withheld on the date of exercise exceeds the amount required to be delivered or withheld to meet tax withholding requirements, based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Participant for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Participant s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction. In the case of an exercise of the SAR, the Committee retains the right to require the Participant or his or her Representative to pay any and all withholding taxes arising out of such exercise solely in cash. 
 10. Fair Market Value of Common Stock . The fair market value Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be determined for purposes of this Agreement by reference to the closing price of a share of Common Stock, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are primarily traded) for the Grant Date or date of exercise, as applicable, or if such date is not a business day, for the business day immediately preceding such date (or, if for any reason no such price is available, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion in accordance with the Plan). 
 11. Extension of Expiration Date in Certain Cases . From time to time, the Company may declare blackout periods during which the Participant may be prohibited from engaging in certain transactions in Company securities. In the event that the scheduled Expiration Date of the Option and SAR shall fall within a blackout period that has been declared by the Company and that applies to the Participant, then the Expiration Date shall automatically, and without further notice to the Participant, be extended until such time as fifteen (15) consecutive business days have elapsed after the scheduled Expiration Date without interruption by any blackout period that applied to the Participant. 
 12. Shares to be Issued in Compliance with Federal Securities Laws and Exchange Rules . No shares issuable upon the exercise of the Option or the SAR shall be issued and delivered unless and until there shall have been full compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption conditions), all applicable listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) and any other requirements of law or of any regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery. The Company shall use its best efforts and take all necessary or appropriate actions to ensure that such full compliance on the part of the Company is made. 
 13. Certain Adjustments Change in Control . 
 (a) If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any equity restructurings (within the meaning of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718) that causes the per share value of a share of Common Stock to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin off, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, and similar matters, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an equitable adjustment to the number and kind of shares subject to and or the Exercise Price (if applicable) of the Award. If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any other changes in corporate capitalization, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an appropriate and equitable substitution, adjustment or treatment with respect to the Option in a manner consistent with Sections 4.3 and 21.2 of the Plan. The Committee s determination as to what adjustments shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued under the Plan on any such adjustment. 
 (b) In the event of a Change in Control as defined in Section 20.1(a) or (b) of the Plan, except as prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange 
 6 

requirements, if the Service of a Participant is terminated within the two (2)-year period following such Change in Control by the Company or an Affiliate for reasons other than Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, the Option and SAR shall vest and be immediately exercisable and shall remain exercisable for the remainder of their term. 
 14. Participation by Participant in Other Company Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect the right of the Participant to participate in and receive benefits under and in accordance with the then current provisions of any retirement plan or employee welfare benefit plan or program of the Company or of any Affiliate of the Company, subject in each case, to the terms and conditions of any such plan or program. 
 15. No Rights as a Shareholder Until Issuance of Shares . Neither the Participant nor his or her Representative shall be entitled to any of the rights or privileges of a shareholder of the Company in respect of any shares of Common Stock issuable upon any exercise of the Option or the SAR unless and until such shares shall have been issued and delivered to (i) the Participant in the form of certificates, (ii) a brokerage or other account for the benefit of the Participant either in certificate form or via DWAC or similar electronic means, or (iii) a book entry or direct registration account in the name of the Participant. 
 16. Not an Employment or Service Contract . Nothing herein contained shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates, expressed or implied, to employ or contract for the services of the Participant, to restrict the right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to discharge the Participant or cease contracting for the Participant s services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever, the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services which may exist between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 17. Death of the Participant . In the event of the death of the Participant while any portion of the Option and or the SAR are outstanding, the Option and or the SAR may be exercised prior to the Expiration Date by the duly appointed and qualified executor or other personal representative of the Participant, and the shares of Common Stock received upon such exercise shall be made to such executor or representative to be distributed in accordance with the Participant s will or applicable intestacy law. 
 18. Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement . The Participant agrees that the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement is conditioned upon the Participant s compliance with the following confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement terms and conditions. 
 (a) Definitions . As used in this Section, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 (i) Confidential Information means any and all confidential information, including without limitation any negotiations or agreements between the Company or its Affiliates and third parties, business and marketing plans and related materials, training materials, financial information, plans, executive summaries, capitalization tables, budgets, unpublished financial statements, costs, prices, licenses, employee, customer, supplier, shareholder, partner or investor lists and or data, products, technology, know-how, business processes, business data, inventions, designs, patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, business models, notes, sketches, flow charts, formulas, blueprints and elements thereof, databases, compilations, and other intellectual property, whether written or otherwise. Some or all of the Confidential Information may also be entitled to protection as a trade secret under applicable state or 
 7 

federal law. Confidential Information does not include information that the Participant can prove was properly known to the Participant from sources permitted to disseminate the information prior to the Participant s employment by, or provision of services to, the Employer, or that has become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of the Participant. 
 (ii) Customer means any customer of the Company or an Affiliate with which whom the Participant had material communications, for which whom the Participant performed any services, to which whom the Participant sold any products, or about which whom the Participant learned or had access to any Confidential Information, in each case during the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Participant s termination of employment from, or provision of services to, the Employer (whether by Participant or by the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iii) Enhanced Restricted Period means the twenty-four (24)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or by the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iv) Restricted Employee means any person who was employed by the Company or an Affiliate and had Material Contact pursuant to the Participant s duties at any point during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Participant s last day of employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Section, Material Contact means interaction between the Participant and another employee of the Employer or an Affiliate (A) with whom the Participant actually dealt or interacted or (B) whose employment or dealings with the Employer or services for the Employer were directly or indirectly handled, coordinated, managed, or supervised by the Participant. 
 (v) Restricted Period means the twelve (12)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or by the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (b) Confidential Information . 
 (i) Protection of Confidential Information . At all times during the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer, and at all times thereafter, the Participant agrees to (A) hold the Confidential Information in strictest confidence, and not to directly or indirectly copy, distribute, disclose, divert, or disseminate, in whole or in part, any of such Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity except (x) to authorized agents of the Employer who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose for which it is disclosed, or (y) to other persons for the benefit of the Employer, in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with or service to the Employer and (B) refrain from directly or indirectly using the Confidential Information other than as necessary and as authorized in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer. In the event the Participant receives a subpoena or other validly issued administrative or judicial order demanding production or disclosure of Confidential Information, the Participant shall promptly notify the Employer and provide a copy of such subpoena or order and 
 8 

tender to the Employer the defense of any such demand. The Participant may, if necessary, disclose Confidential Information in judicial proceedings relating to the enforcement of the Participant s rights or obligations under this Agreement provided , however , that the Participant must first enter into an agreed protective order with the Employer protecting the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the Participant s confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations under this Agreement or otherwise, as provided in the Federal Defend Trade Secret Act, the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or to the Participant s attorney in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. The Participant understands and acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating with or reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or making other disclosures or statements that are protected under the whistleblower, collective bargaining, anti-discrimination and or anti-retaliation provisions of federal or state law or regulation. The Participant understands that the Participant does not need prior authorization of the Employer to make any such reports or disclosures, and that the Participant is not required to notify the Employer that the Participant has made such reports or disclosures. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation . 
 (i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, seek to recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or 
 9 

engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(i) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in their and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue, or terminate Customer s or Key Business Partner s patronage and or business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. In addition to the foregoing restrictions, the Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Enhanced Restricted Period, the Participant shall not be personally involved in the negotiation, competition for, solicitation or execution of any individual book roll over(s) or other book of business transfer arrangements involving the transfer of business away from the Company or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(ii) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (d) Notification to New Employers . During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall notify any subsequent employer of the Participant s obligations under this Section prior to commencing employment. In addition, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall provide the Employer and his her prior manager at the Employer fourteen (14) days advance written notice prior to becoming employed by, or retained to represent or provide services to, any person or entity or engaging in any business of any type or form, with such notice including the identity of the prospective employer or business, the specific division (if applicable) for which the Participant will be 
 10 

performing services, the title or position to be assumed by the Participant, the physical location of the position to be assumed by the Participant, and the responsibilities of the position to be assumed by the Participant. The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and or any of its Affiliates, at their discretion, to contact the Participant s prospective or subsequent employers and inform them of this Section or any other policy or employment agreement between the Participant and the Company and or its Affiliates that may be in effect at the termination of the Participant s employment with the Employer. 
 (e) Non-Disparagement . During the term of Participant s employment and for the two (2)-year period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason), the Participant shall not make or intentionally cause or direct others to make any written or oral statement that disparages or otherwise are slanderous, libelous, or defamatory towards the Company or its Affiliates, or their respective business relations. Without in any way limiting the scope or effect of the preceding sentence, the Participant specifically agrees, represents and warrants that the Participant shall not directly or indirectly disparage the Company s and or its Affiliates (i) officers, management, business practices, policies, procedures and or operations, (ii) employees or other personnel, employment or other personnel-related decisions, staffing, and or hiring or termination decisions, practices or other personnel-related activities or occurrences, and or any other employment-related decisions, actions or practices by or relating to the Company or the Affiliates, or (iii) any other policies, procedures or matters concerning or relating to the Company, including but not limited to the Company s business, operations, employees, management, Customers, suppliers, activities, products, services or any other matter relating to the Company or its Affiliates provided that this non-disparagement provision shall not prohibit any statement, reporting or other action this is permitted by subsection (b)(ii) of this Section. Moreover, unless permitted by applicable law, and subject to subsection (b)(ii) of this Section, the Participant shall not encourage or aid any person or entity in the pursuit of any cause of action, lawsuit or any other claim or dispute of any kind against the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 (f) Consideration Reasonableness of Restrictions . 
 (i) Consideration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received valuable and adequate consideration in exchange for the restrictions in this Section, including but not limited to the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement, offer of employment or continued employment with the Employer, training and continued training, access to the Confidential Information, and access to the Customers and Key Business Partners. 
 (ii) Reasonableness of Restrictions . The Participant understands and acknowledges the importance of the relationships which the Company and its Affiliates have with their Employees, Customers and Key Business Partners, as well as how significant the maintenance of the Confidential Information is to the business and success of the Company and its Affiliates, and acknowledges the steps the Company and its Affiliates have taken, are taking and will continue to take to develop, preserve and protect these relationships and the Confidential Information. Accordingly, the Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions and limitations described in this Section are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates, and the Participant agrees and acknowledges that all restrictions and 
 11 

limitations relating to the period following the end of the Participant s employment or service with the Employer will apply regardless of the reason the Participant s employment or service ends. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the enforcement of this Section will not in any way preclude the Participant from becoming gainfully employed or engaged as a contractor in such manner and to such extent as to provide the Participant with an adequate standard of living. 
 (iii) Participant s Notice to Consult An Attorney . The Company hereby advises the Participant to consult with an attorney (chosen by the Participant and at the Participant s cost) prior to signing this Agreement, including with respect to the non-solicitation provisions and other restrictive covenants contained in this Section. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of this notice by the Company. 
 (iv) Review Period . The Participant has at least fourteen (14) calendar days to review this Agreement before agreeing to its terms (although the Participant may elect to voluntarily sign it before the end of this review period). 
 (v) Tolling . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participant breaches any of the non-solicitation restrictions in Section 18(c), then the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if applicable) shall be tolled (retroactive to the date such breach commenced) until such breach or violation has been duly cured. 
 (vi) Modification . If any provision or term in this Section is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid and unenforceable portion shall be reformed to the maximum time, activity-related restrictions and or limitations permitted by applicable law, so as to be valid and enforceable. If any such provision cannot be made valid and enforceable, it shall be severed from this Agreement without affecting the remainder of this Agreement. 
 (vii) Breach Remedies . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the breach of this Section would cause substantial loss to the goodwill of the Company and or its Affiliates, and cause irreparable harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Further, because the Participant s employment with the Employer is personal and unique, because damages alone would not be an adequate remedy and because of the Participant s access to the Confidential Information, the Company and or its Affiliates shall have the right to enforce this Section, including any of its provisions, by injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, without having to post bond or prove actual damages, and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that the Company and or its Affiliates may have for a breach of this Section, including, without limitation, money damages. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that notwithstanding the arbitration provisions in this Agreement, the Company may elect to file and pursue claims which arise from or relate to the Participant s actual or threatened breaches of this Section in state or federal court of competent jurisdiction. The Participant shall be liable to pay all costs, including reasonable attorneys and experts fees and expenses, that the Company and or its Affiliates may incur in enforcing or defending this Section, whether or not litigation is actually commenced and including litigation of any appeal taken or defended by the 
 12 

Company and or its Affiliates where the Company and or its Affiliates succeed in enforcing any provision of this Section. 
 (viii) Forfeiture and Repayment Provisions . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Participant agrees that during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if as applicable), if the Participant breaches any of the terms or conditions in this Section, then in addition to all rights and remedies available to the Company and or its Affiliates at law and in equity, the Participant shall immediately forfeit any portion of the Award that has not otherwise been previously forfeited under the applicable terms of this Agreement and that has not yet been paid, exercised, settled, or vested. The Company and or its Affiliates may also require repayment from the Participant of any and all of the compensatory value of the Award that the Participant received during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, as applicable), including without limitation the gross amount of any Common Stock distribution or cash payment made to the Participant upon the vesting, distribution, exercise, or settlement of the Award and or any consideration in excess of such gross amounts received by the Participant upon the sale or transfer of the Common Stock acquired through vesting, distribution, exercise or settlement of the Award. The Participant shall promptly pay the full amount due upon demand by the Company and or its Affiliates in the form of cash or shares of Common Stock at current Fair Market Value. 
 (ix) Waiver . The waiver of any breach of the terms of this Section shall not constitute the waiver of any other or further breach hereunder, whether or not of a like nature or kind. No waiver by the Company or any of its Affiliates of the breach of any term contained in a similar agreement between the Company and or any of its Affiliates and any other employee or participant, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or construed as, a waiver of the breach of any term of this Section. No waiver of any provision of this Section shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Company or one or more of its Affiliates. 
 (x) Interpretation. Any reference to Section or subsection in this Section 18 shall refer to this Section 18 or respective subsection. 
 19. Arbitration . In lieu of litigation by way of court or jury trial, any dispute or controversy arising hereunder shall be settled by arbitration, in accordance with the arbitration agreement currently in effect by separate agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates and which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event that such arbitration agreement is determined to be inapplicable or unenforceable or if no such arbitration agreement is then in effect, the parties mutually agree to arbitrate any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this paragraph. The parties agree that this Agreement provides sufficient consideration for that obligation and the mutual promises to arbitrate also constitutes consideration for this agreement to arbitrate. The following terms and conditions shall apply to such arbitration hereunder. The arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA Rules then in effect, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Judgment may be entered on the award of the arbitrator in any court having jurisdiction. Unless provided otherwise in the arbitrator s award, each party will pay its own attorneys fees and costs. To the extent required by law or the AAA Rules, all administrative costs of arbitration (including filing fees) and the fees of the arbitrator will be paid by the Company. The Participant and the Company waive the right for any dispute to be 
 13 

brought, heard, decided, or arbitrated as a class and or collective action (or joinder or consolidation with claims of any other person), and the parties agree that, regardless of anything else in this arbitration provision or the AAA Rules, the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of the class action waiver in this provision may only be determined by a court and not an arbitrator. Regardless of anything else in this Agreement, this arbitration provision may not be modified or terminated absent a writing signed by the Participant and the Company stating an intent to modify or terminate the arbitration provision. 
 20. Governing Law . Except as otherwise provided in the foregoing Section or an Appendix to this Agreement, this Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without application of its conflicts of laws principles. 
 21. Miscellaneous . This Agreement, together with the Plan, is the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the Option and SAR granted hereby and may not be amended except in a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant or his or her Representative. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, it shall be modified to the extent possible and minimally necessary to be enforceable, and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will be in full force and effect. 
 22. Forfeiture and Clawback of Option . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement and as a condition to the receipt of this Option, the rights, payments and benefits with respect to this Option, SAR and any shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of this Option and or SAR are subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment by the Company if and to the extent permitted by Section 15.3 of the Plan, required in accordance with Company policy as in effect from time to time Forfeiture and Clawback Policy ), and or as otherwise required by applicable law, rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or rule or listing requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) as in effect from time to time (collectively with the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy, Applicable Requirements in connection with an accounting restatement or under such other circumstances as specified in the Applicable Requirements. Any determination made and action taken under the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 
 23. Stock Holding Period . The Participant agrees to hold all shares of Common Stock acquired upon the exercise of the Option and or the SAR granted hereunder for a minimum of 12 months following the date of such exercise. This holding period shall not apply to shares sold or tendered by the Participant and or withheld by the Company to pay the aggregate Exercise Price and or to settle tax liabilities related to the exercise, and as otherwise may be provided under the Company s Stock Ownership Policy. 

14 

Appendix I (Employees Whose Primary Residences are Located in California) 
 If the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California 
 1. Sections 18(c)(i) and (c)(ii) of the foregoing Agreement shall be replaced with the following 
 18(c)(i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees to the extent that the Participant uses or misuses Confidential Information (as the term is defined in this Section) to so solicit and or interfere. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). 
 18(c)(ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in its and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue or terminate Customer s patronage and or 
 15 

business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 2. Any claims relating to Section 18 of the Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 

16 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 4
 kmpr202212312022ex1033.htm
 EX-10.33

Document 

Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AND SAR AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (Installment Vesting Form) 
 This NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AND SAR AWARD AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of this ______ day of _________________, 20__ Grant Date between KEMPER CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation Company ), and name Participant ), for an award consisting of the right and option Option to purchase, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, shares of the Company s common stock Common Stock ), along with a tandem stock appreciation right SAR ). 
 SIGNATURES 
 As of the date set forth above, the parties have accepted the terms of this Agreement by signing this Agreement by an electronic signature, and each party agrees that such signature shall not be denied legal effect, validity or enforceability solely because it was submitted or executed electronically. 
 KEMPER CORPORATION PARTICIPANT 
 By _________________________________ ____________________________________ 
 CEO Signature and Title name 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Board of Directors of the Company Board has adopted the Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan Plan ), including all amendments to date, to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board or any subcommittee thereof, or any other committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan Committee ). Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall be defined in accordance with the Plan. 
 B. The Plan authorizes the Committee to grant to selected Employees, Directors and Third Party Service Providers awards of various types, including options to purchase shares of Common Stock and tandem stock appreciation rights. 
 C. Pursuant to the Plan, the Committee has determined that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to grant a non-qualified stock option (and tandem stock appreciation right) to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement as an inducement to remain in the service of the Company and as an incentive for increased effort during such service. 
 D. Neither the Option nor the SAR granted hereby is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Grant . 
 (a) The Company grants the Option to purchase all or any part of an aggregate of shares shares of Common Stock at the Exercise Price (as defined below) 

to the Participant, which will be exercisable in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement provided that the Option may not be exercised with respect to a fraction of a share. 
 (b) The Option is coupled with a SAR that is exercisable to the extent, and only to the extent, that the Option is vested as described in Section 6. The SAR shall entitle the Participant to surrender the Option (or any portion thereof, subject to Section 8(a)) to the Company unexercised and receive in exchange therefor that number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate value equal to (A) the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined below) of one share of Common Stock over the Exercise Price, multiplied by (B) the number of such shares of Common Stock subject to the Option (or portion thereof) which is so surrendered. 
 2. Exercise Price . The per share price of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Option or SAR shall be ____ Exercise Price ), which shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Grant Date. The Exercise Price may be adjusted in accordance with Section 13. 
 3. Governing Plan . The Option is granted pursuant to the Plan, which is incorporated herein for all purposes. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, which controls in case of any conflict with this Agreement, except as otherwise provided for in the Plan. No amendment of the Plan shall adversely affect this Option in any material way without the written consent of the Participant. 
 4. Restrictions on Transfer . The Option and SAR and all rights and privileges granted hereby (including the right of exercise) shall not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way, whether by operation of the law or otherwise, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, no rights or privileges granted hereby may be assigned or otherwise transferred to the spouse or former spouse of the Participant pursuant to any divorce proceedings, settlement or judgment, unless approved by the Committee. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Option or the SAR or any other rights or privileges granted hereby contrary to the provisions hereof, the Option and SAR and all other rights and privileges contained herein shall immediately become null and void and of no further force or effect. 
 5. Term . Except as provided in Section 11, neither the Option nor the SAR shall be exercisable after the Company s close of business on the last business day that occurs coincident with or prior to the earliest of Expiration Date 
 (a) the 10 th anniversary of the Grant Date 
 (b) the first anniversary of the Participant s death 
 (c) the first anniversary of the Participant s termination of Service due to the Participant s Disability 
 (d) if the Participant was not Retirement Eligible on the date of the Participant s termination of Service (other than as described in (b) or (c) above), the date that is three (3) months following the Participant s termination of Service for any reason other than Cause 
 (e) if the Participant was Retirement Eligible on the date of the Participant s termination of Service (other than as described in (b) or (c) above), the later of (A) the date that is three (3) months following the Participant s termination of Service for any 
 2 

reason other than Cause, or (B) the date on which the Participant became an employee of a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engaged in any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion or 
 (f) any date of the Participant s termination of Service for Cause. 
 6. Vesting and Exercise . 
 (a) Vesting . The Option and or the SAR may only be exercised to the extent they are vested. To the extent not previously forfeited, and except as provided in Section 6(b) below, the Option and SAR shall vest in accordance with the following schedule if the Participant continues in Service through the applicable date (each date of vesting, a Vesting Date 
 in three (3) equal, annual installments, beginning on the first anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and except as provided in Section 6(b) or 6(c) below, if the Participant is Retirement Eligible (as defined below) prior to the date the Participant s Service is terminated for any reason other than Cause, the unvested portions of the Option and SAR shall continue to vest in accordance with the schedule set forth above until the Expiration Date, provided that the Committee in its sole discretion determines that the Participant has not at any time prior to the applicable Vesting Date become an employee of a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engaged in any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 (b) Acceleration of Vesting . Notwithstanding the terms of Section 6(a) above, to the extent not previously vested or forfeited, the shares covered by the Option and SAR shall fully vest on the earliest to occur of the following (the date of which shall also be designated as a Vesting Date) prior to the Expiration Date 
 (i) the date of the Participant s death or Disability, if the Participant dies or becomes Disabled while in Service 
 (ii) the date of the Participant s death or Disability following the Participant s termination of Service for any reason other than Cause, if the Participant was Retirement Eligible prior to the date the Participant s Service is terminated, provided that the Committee in its sole discretion determines that the Participant did not at any time prior to the date of death or Disability become an employee of a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engaged in any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates or 
 (iii) the date upon which vesting is accelerated in accordance with Section 13(b), or otherwise by the Committee in its discretion in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 (c) Certain Definitions . 
 (i) Cause means any of the following (1) the Participant s theft or falsification of any Company or Affiliate documents, records or property (2) the Participant s improper use or disclosure of the Company s or an Affiliate s 
 3 

confidential or proprietary information in breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct or an applicable contractual or other obligation, or using such information for personal gain including, without limitation, by trading in Company securities on the basis of material, non-public information (3) fraud, misappropriation of or intentional material damage to the property or business of the Company or an Affiliate or other action by the Participant which has a material detrimental effect on the Company s or an Affiliate s reputation or business as determined by the Committee (4) the Participant s material failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned and lawful duties after written notice from the Company or Affiliate of such failure or inability, and such failure or inability is not cured by the Participant within ten (10) business days (5) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any felony or any criminal violation involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, dishonesty, the misuse or misappropriation of money or other property or any other crime which has or would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the business or reputation of the Company or an Affiliate or (6) a material breach by the Participant of the policies and procedures of the Company or an Affiliate, including, but not limited to, any breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct and the requirements of Section 18 below. 
 (ii) Disabled or Disability means that the Participant either 
 (A) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months and, with respect to a Participant who is an Employee, is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan e.g. , a long term disability plan) covering Employees of the Company or Affiliate that employs the Participant or 
 (B) is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board. 
 (iii) Employer means the Company or Affiliate by whom the Participant is employed, or to whom the Participant provides services. 
 (iv) Good Reason means any action taken by the Employer which results in a material negative change to the Participant in the employment relationship, such as the duties to be performed, the conditions under which such duties are to be performed or the compensation to be received for performing such services. A termination by the Participant shall not constitute termination for Good Reason unless the Participant shall first have delivered to the Employer written notice setting forth with specificity the occurrence deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason (which notice must be given no later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such event), and there shall have passed a reasonable time (not less than thirty (30) days) within which the Employer may take action to correct, rescind or otherwise substantially reverse the occurrence supporting termination for Good Reason as identified by the Participant. 
 4 

(v) Retirement Eligible means that the Participant has either attained age 55 and completed ten (10) years of Service as an Employee or attained age 60 and completed five (5) years of Service as an Employee. 
 (vi) Service means the period during which the Participant is an Employee, Director or Third Party Service Provider provided , however , that the Participant will not be deemed to be in Service after the Company divests its control in the Affiliate for whom the Participant is exclusively in Service, or if the Company s control of such Affiliate otherwise ceases. 
 7. Termination of Service . On the date of the Participant s cessation of Service, any unvested portion of the Option and SAR held by the Participant that does not vest upon such cessation of Service in accordance with this Agreement shall be forfeited to the Company if the Participant is not Retirement Eligible on such date. If the Participant s Service is terminated, or is deemed to be terminated, for Cause prior to or after becoming Retirement Eligible, any outstanding portions of the Option and SAR held by the Participant (vested or unvested) shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of such termination of Service. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a Participant s Service shall be deemed terminated for Cause if the Participant resigns or is terminated and the Committee determines in good faith, either before, at the time of, or after such termination, that one or more of the events or actions described in the definition of Cause in Section 6(b) existed as of the time of such termination. 
 8. Manner of Exercise . 
 (a) During the period beginning on the applicable Vesting Date and ending on the Expiration Date, the Participant may purchase all or any part of the shares of Common Stock subject to the vested portion of the Option or may receive such lesser number of shares as may be available through the exercise of the SAR. In the event the Option (or any portion thereof) is exercised, then the SAR (or the corresponding portion) shall terminate. In the event that the SAR (or any portion thereof) is exercised, then the Option (or the corresponding portion) shall likewise terminate. Consequently, the total number of shares subject to the Option shall be reduced by the number of shares for which the Option or the SAR has previously been exercised. Likewise, the total number of shares subject to the SAR shall be reduced by the number of shares for which the SAR or the Option has previously been exercised. 
 (b) Each exercise of the Option shall be initiated by the Participant or his or her Representative by means of a notice of exercise delivered to the Company through the internet portal Portal provided by or on behalf of the Company or, if such Portal is not available for such exercise, in the form of a written document or electronic mail Notice ). The Notice shall identify the number of shares for which the Option is being exercised. Before shares of Common Stock will be issued and subject to the requirements of Section 9 below, the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares for which the Option is being exercised shall be paid to the Company in a manner permitted under the Plan. 
 (c) Each exercise of the SAR shall be initiated by the Participant or his or her Representative by delivery of a Notice as described above in Section 8(b). The Notice shall identify the number of shares for which the SAR is being exercised. Upon satisfaction of the Participant s obligation to pay the Company the amount of all taxes that the Company is required to withhold in connection with such exercise as specified in Section 9 below, the Company shall issue to the Participant a number of shares of the Company s common stock determined in accordance with Section 1(b). The SAR may only be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock and not by payment of cash to 
 5 

the Participant. Any fractional share that would otherwise result from an exercise of the SAR shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. 
 (d) The date of exercise shall be (i) in the case of an Option exercise, the date that the Company receives the Notice if received within regular market hours on a day that the New York Stock Exchange is open for business Trading Day ), and otherwise on the next Trading Day provided, however, that if the Notice is provided by means of a Good Till Cancelled Order involving a Same Day Sale or Sell to Cover transaction Order ), then the date of exercise shall instead be the date that the Order is executed (ii) in the case of a SAR exercise not conducted through the Portal, the date specified in the Notice or, if not specified, the date that the Company receives the Notice or (iii) in the case of a SAR exercise conducted through the Portal, the date that the Company receives the Notice if received within regular market hours on a Trading Day, and otherwise on the next Trading Day. 
 (e) The Option and SAR may be exercised only by the Participant or his or her Representative, and not otherwise, regardless of any community property interest therein of the spouse of the Participant, or such spouse s successors in interest. If the spouse of the Participant shall have acquired a community property interest in the Option or the SAR, the Participant, or the Participant s Representative, may exercise the Option and or the SAR on behalf of the spouse of the Participant or such spouse s successors in interest. 
 9. Withholding of Taxes . Upon the exercise of the Option or the SAR, the Participant or the Participant s Representative shall pay to the Company the amount of any taxes which the Company is required to withhold with respect to such exercise. Subject to the limitations set forth in the next two sentences, the Company shall withhold shares of Common Stock that would otherwise have been issued pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the SAR to satisfy the tax withholding obligations, unless and except to the extent that the Participant or his or her Representative elects to satisfy all or any portion of such tax withholding obligations by cash payment to the Company. Neither the Participant nor his or her Representative shall have the right to have shares of Common Stock withheld, in either case, to the extent that the Fair Market Value of such shares delivered or withheld on the date of exercise exceeds the amount required to be delivered or withheld to meet tax withholding requirements, based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Participant for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Participant s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction. In the case of an exercise of the SAR, the Committee retains the right to require the Participant or his or her Representative to pay any and all withholding taxes arising out of such exercise solely in cash. 
 10. Fair Market Value of Common Stock . The fair market value Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be determined for purposes of this Agreement by reference to the closing price of a share of Common Stock, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are primarily traded) for the Grant Date or date of exercise, as applicable, or if such date is not a business day, for the business day immediately preceding such date (or, if for any reason no such price is available, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion in accordance with the Plan). 
 11. Extension of Expiration Date in Certain Cases . From time to time, the Company may declare blackout periods during which the Participant may be prohibited from engaging in certain transactions in Company securities. In the event that the scheduled Expiration Date of the Option and SAR shall fall within a blackout period that has been declared by the Company and that applies to the Participant, then the Expiration Date shall automatically, and 
 6 

without further notice to the Participant, be extended until such time as fifteen (15) consecutive business days have elapsed after the scheduled Expiration Date without interruption by any blackout period that applied to the Participant. 
 12. Shares to be Issued in Compliance with Federal Securities Laws and Exchange Rules . No shares issuable upon the exercise of the Option or the SAR shall be issued and delivered unless and until there shall have been full compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption conditions), all applicable listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) and any other requirements of law or of any regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery. The Company shall use its best efforts and take all necessary or appropriate actions to ensure that such full compliance on the part of the Company is made. 
 13. Certain Adjustments Change in Control . 
 (a) If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any equity restructurings (within the meaning of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718) that causes the per share value of a share of Common Stock to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin off, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, and similar matters, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an equitable adjustment to the number and kind of shares subject to and or the Exercise Price (if applicable) of the Award. If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any other changes in corporate capitalization, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an appropriate and equitable substitution, adjustment or treatment with respect to the Option in a manner consistent with Sections 4.3 and 21.2 of the Plan. The Committee s determination as to what adjustments shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued under the Plan on any such adjustment. 
 (b) In the event of a Change in Control as defined in Section 20.1(a) or (b) of the Plan, except as prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange requirements, if the Service of a Participant is terminated within the two (2)-year period following such Change in Control by the Company or an Affiliate for reasons other than Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, the Option and SAR shall vest and be immediately exercisable and shall remain exercisable for the remainder of their term. 
 14. Participation by Participant in Other Company Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect the right of the Participant to participate in and receive benefits under and in accordance with the then current provisions of any retirement plan or employee welfare benefit plan or program of the Company or of any Affiliate of the Company, subject in each case, to the terms and conditions of any such plan or program. 
 15. No Rights as a Shareholder Until Issuance of Shares . Neither the Participant nor his or her Representative shall be entitled to any of the rights or privileges of a shareholder of the Company in respect of any shares of Common Stock issuable upon any exercise of the Option or the SAR unless and until such shares shall have been issued and delivered to (i) the Participant in the form of certificates, (ii) a brokerage or other account for the benefit of the Participant either in certificate form or via DWAC or similar electronic means, or (iii) a book entry or direct registration account in the name of the Participant. 
 16. Not an Employment or Service Contract . Nothing herein contained shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates, expressed or implied, to employ or contract for the services of the Participant, to restrict the right of the Company or 
 7 

any of its Affiliates to discharge the Participant or cease contracting for the Participant s services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever, the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services which may exist between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 17. Death of the Participant . In the event of the death of the Participant while any portion of the Option and or the SAR are outstanding, the Option and or the SAR may be exercised prior to the Expiration Date by the duly appointed and qualified executor or other personal representative of the Participant, and the shares of Common Stock received upon such exercise shall be made to such executor or representative to be distributed in accordance with the Participant s will or applicable intestacy law. 
 18. Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement . The Participant agrees that the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement is conditioned upon the Participant s compliance with the following confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement terms and conditions. 
 (a) Definitions . As used in this Section, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 (i) Confidential Information means any and all confidential information, including without limitation any negotiations or agreements between the Company or its Affiliates and third parties, business and marketing plans and related materials, training materials, financial information, plans, executive summaries, capitalization tables, budgets, unpublished financial statements, costs, prices, licenses, employee, customer, supplier, shareholder, partner or investor lists and or data, products, technology, know-how, business processes, business data, inventions, designs, patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, business models, notes, sketches, flow charts, formulas, blueprints and elements thereof, databases, compilations, and other intellectual property, whether written or otherwise. Some or all of the Confidential Information may also be entitled to protection as a trade secret under applicable state or federal law. Confidential Information does not include information that the Participant can prove was properly known to the Participant from sources permitted to disseminate the information prior to the Participant s employment by, or provision of services to, the Employer, or that has become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of the Participant. 
 (ii) Customer means any customer of the Company or an Affiliate with which whom the Participant had material communications, for which whom the Participant performed any services, to which whom the Participant sold any products, or about which whom the Participant learned or had access to any Confidential Information, in each case during the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Participant s termination of employment from, or provision of services to, the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iii) Enhanced Restricted Period means the twenty-four (24)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason).). 
 (iv) Restricted Employee means any person who was employed by the Company or an Affiliate and had Material Contact pursuant to the 
 8 

Participant s duties at any point during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Participant s last day of employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Section, Material Contact means interaction between the Participant and another employee of the Employer or an Affiliate (A) with whom the Participant actually dealt or interacted or (B) whose employment or dealings with the Employer or services for the Employer were directly or indirectly handled, coordinated, managed, or supervised by the Participant. 
 (v) Restricted Period means the twelve (12)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (b) Confidential Information . 
 (i) Protection of Confidential Information . At all times during the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer, and at all times thereafter, the Participant agrees to (A) hold the Confidential Information in strictest confidence, and not to directly or indirectly copy, distribute, disclose, divert, or disseminate, in whole or in part, any of such Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity except (x) to authorized agents of the Employer who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose for which it is disclosed, or (y) to other persons for the benefit of the Employer, in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with or service to the Employer and (B) refrain from directly or indirectly using the Confidential Information other than as necessary and as authorized in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer. In the event the Participant receives a subpoena or other validly issued administrative or judicial order demanding production or disclosure of Confidential Information, the Participant shall promptly notify the Employer and provide a copy of such subpoena or order and tender to the Employer the defense of any such demand. The Participant may, if necessary, disclose Confidential Information in judicial proceedings relating to the enforcement of the Participant s rights or obligations under this Agreement provided , however , that the Participant must first enter into an agreed protective order with the Employer protecting the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the Participant s confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations under this Agreement or otherwise, as provided in the Federal Defend Trade Secret Act, the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or to the Participant s attorney in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. The Participant understands and acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating with or reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or making 
 9 

other disclosures or statements that are protected under the whistleblower, collective bargaining, anti-discrimination and or anti-retaliation provisions of federal or state law or regulation. The Participant understands that the Participant does not need prior authorization of the Employer to make any such reports or disclosures, and that the Participant is not required to notify the Employer that the Participant has made such reports or disclosures. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation . 
 (i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, seek to recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(i) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in their and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, 
 10 

the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue, or terminate Customer s or Key Business Partner s patronage and or business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. In addition to the foregoing restrictions, the Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Enhanced Restricted Period, the Participant shall not be personally involved in the negotiation, competition for, solicitation or execution of any individual book roll over(s) or other book of business transfer arrangements involving the transfer of business away from the Company or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(ii) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (d) Notification to New Employers . During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall notify any subsequent employer of the Participant s obligations under this Section prior to commencing employment. In addition, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall provide the Employer and his her prior manager at the Employer fourteen (14) days advance written notice prior to becoming employed by, or retained to represent or provide services to, any person or entity or engaging in any business of any type or form, with such notice including the identity of the prospective employer or business, the specific division (if applicable) for which the Participant will be performing services, the title or position to be assumed by the Participant, the physical location of the position to be assumed by the Participant, and the responsibilities of the position to be assumed by the Participant. The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and or any of its Affiliates, at their discretion, to contact the Participant s prospective or subsequent employers and inform them of this Section or any other policy or employment agreement between the Participant and the Company and or its Affiliates that may be in effect at the termination of the Participant s employment with the Employer. 
 (e) Non-Disparagement . During the term of Participant s employment and for the two (2)-year period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason), the Participant shall not make or intentionally cause or direct others to make any written or oral statement that disparages, or otherwise are slanderous, libelous, or defamatory towards, the Company or its Affiliates, or their respective business relations. Without in any way limiting the scope or effect of the preceding sentence, the Participant specifically agrees, represents and warrants that the Participant shall not directly or indirectly disparage the Company s and or its Affiliates (i) officers, management, business practices, policies, procedures and or operations, (ii) employees or other personnel, employment or other personnel-related decisions, staffing, and or hiring or termination decisions, practices or other personnel-related activities or occurrences, and or any other employment-related decisions, actions or 
 11 

practices by or relating to the Company or the Affiliates, or (iii) any other policies, procedures or matters concerning or relating to the Company, including but not limited to the Company s business, operations, employees, management, Customers, suppliers, activities, products, services or any other matter relating to the Company or its Affiliates provided that this non-disparagement provision shall not prohibit any statement, reporting or other action this is permitted by subsection (b)(ii) of this Section. Moreover, unless permitted by applicable law, and subject to subsection (b)(ii) of this Section, the Participant shall not encourage or aid any person or entity in the pursuit of any cause of action, lawsuit or any other claim or dispute of any kind against the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 (f) Consideration Reasonableness of Restrictions . 
 (i) Consideration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received valuable and adequate consideration in exchange for the restrictions in this Section, including but not limited to the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement, offer of employment or continued employment with the Employer, training and continued training, access to the Confidential Information, and access to the Customers and Key Business Partners. 
 (ii) Reasonableness of Restrictions . The Participant understands and acknowledges the importance of the relationships which the Company and its Affiliates have with their Employees, Customers and Key Business Partners, as well as how significant the maintenance of the Confidential Information is to the business and success of the Company and its Affiliates, and acknowledges the steps the Company and its Affiliates have taken, are taking and will continue to take to develop, preserve and protect these relationships and the Confidential Information. Accordingly, the Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions and limitations described in this Section are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates, and the Participant agrees and acknowledges that all restrictions and limitations relating to the period following the end of the Participant s employment or service with the Employer will apply regardless of the reason the Participant s employment or service ends. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the enforcement of this Section will not in any way preclude the Participant from becoming gainfully employed or engaged as a contractor in such manner and to such extent as to provide the Participant with an adequate standard of living. 
 (iii) Participant s Notice to Consult An Attorney . The Company hereby advises the Participant to consult with an attorney (chosen by the Participant and at the Participant s cost) prior to signing this Agreement, including with respect to the non-solicitation provisions and other restrictive covenants contained in this Section. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of this notice by the Company. 
 (iv) Review Period . The Participant has at least fourteen (14) calendar days to review this Agreement before agreeing to its terms (although the Participant may elect to voluntarily sign it before the end of this review period). 
 (v) Tolling . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participant breaches any of the non-solicitation restrictions in Section 18(c), then the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if applicable) shall be 
 12 

tolled (retroactive to the date such breach commenced) until such breach or violation has been duly cured. 
 (vi) Modification . If any provision or term in this Section is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid and unenforceable portion shall be reformed to the maximum time, activity-related restrictions and or limitations permitted by applicable law, so as to be valid and enforceable. If any such provision cannot be made valid and enforceable, it shall be severed from this Agreement without affecting the remainder of this Agreement. 
 (vii) Breach Remedies . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the breach of this Section would cause substantial loss to the goodwill of the Company and or its Affiliates, and cause irreparable harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Further, because the Participant s employment with the Employer is personal and unique, because damages alone would not be an adequate remedy and because of the Participant s access to the Confidential Information, the Company and or its Affiliates shall have the right to enforce this Section, including any of its provisions, by injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, without having to post bond or prove actual damages, and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that the Company and or its Affiliates may have for a breach of this Section, including, without limitation, money damages. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that notwithstanding the arbitration provisions in this Agreement, the Company may elect to file and pursue claims which arise from or relate to the Participant s actual or threatened breaches of this Section in state or federal court of competent jurisdiction. The Participant shall be liable to pay all costs, including reasonable attorneys and experts fees and expenses, that the Company and or its Affiliates may incur in enforcing or defending this Section, whether or not litigation is actually commenced and including litigation of any appeal taken or defended by the Company and or its Affiliates where the Company and or its Affiliates succeed in enforcing any provision of this Section. 
 (viii) Forfeiture and Repayment Provisions . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Participant agrees that during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if as applicable), if the Participant breaches any of the terms or conditions in this Section, then in addition to all rights and remedies available to the Company and or its Affiliates at law and in equity, the Participant shall immediately forfeit any portion of the Award that has not otherwise been previously forfeited under the applicable terms of this Agreement and that has not yet been paid, exercised, settled, or vested. The Company and or its Affiliates may also require repayment from the Participant of any and all of the compensatory value of the Award that the Participant received during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, as applicable), including without limitation the gross amount of any Common Stock distribution or cash payment made to the Participant upon the vesting, distribution, exercise, or settlement of the Award and or any consideration in excess of such gross amounts received by the Participant upon the sale or transfer of the Common Stock acquired through vesting, distribution, exercise or settlement of the Award. The Participant shall promptly pay the full amount due upon demand by the Company and or its Affiliates in the form of cash or shares of Common Stock at current Fair Market Value. 
 13 

(ix) Waiver . The waiver of any breach of the terms of this Section shall not constitute the waiver of any other or further breach hereunder, whether or not of a like nature or kind. No waiver by the Company or any of its Affiliates of the breach of any term contained in a similar agreement between the Company and or any of its Affiliates and any other employee or participant, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or construed as, a waiver of the breach of any term of this Section. No waiver of any provision of this Section shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Company or one or more of its Affiliates. 
 (x) Interpretation . Any reference to Section or subsection in this Section 18 shall refer to this Section 18 or respective subsection. 
 19. Arbitration . In lieu of litigation by way of court or jury trial, any dispute or controversy arising hereunder shall be settled by arbitration, in accordance with the arbitration agreement currently in effect by separate agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates and which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event that such arbitration agreement is determined to be inapplicable or unenforceable or if no such arbitration agreement is then in effect, the parties mutually agree to arbitrate any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this paragraph. The parties agree that this Agreement provides sufficient consideration for that obligation and the mutual promises to arbitrate also constitutes consideration for this agreement to arbitrate. The following terms and conditions shall apply to such arbitration hereunder. The arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA Rules then in effect, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Judgment may be entered on the award of the arbitrator in any court having jurisdiction. Unless provided otherwise in the arbitrator s award, each party will pay its own attorneys fees and costs. To the extent required by law or the AAA Rules, all administrative costs of arbitration (including filing fees) and the fees of the arbitrator will be paid by the Company. The Participant and the Company waive the right for any dispute to be brought, heard, decided, or arbitrated as a class and or collective action (or joinder or consolidation with claims of any other person), and the parties agree that, regardless of anything else in this arbitration provision or the AAA Rules, the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of the class action waiver in this provision may only be determined by a court and not an arbitrator. Regardless of anything else in this Agreement, this arbitration provision may not be modified or terminated absent a writing signed by the Participant and the Company stating an intent to modify or terminate the arbitration provision. 
 20. Governing Law . Except as otherwise provided in the foregoing Section or an Appendix to this Agreement, this Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without application of its conflicts of laws principles. 
 21. Miscellaneous . This Agreement, together with the Plan, is the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the Option and SAR granted hereby and may not be amended except in a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant or his or her Representative. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, it shall be modified to the extent possible and minimally necessary to be enforceable, and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will be in full force and effect. 
 22. Forfeiture and Clawback of Option . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement and as a condition to the receipt of this Option, the rights, payments and benefits with respect to this Option, SAR and any shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of this Option and or SAR are subject to 
 14 

reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment by the Company if and to the extent permitted by Section 15.3 of the Plan, required in accordance with Company policy as in effect from time to time Forfeiture and Clawback Policy ), and or as otherwise required by applicable law, rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or rule or listing requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) as in effect from time to time (collectively with the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy, Applicable Requirements in connection with an accounting restatement or under such other circumstances as specified in the Applicable Requirements. Any determination made and action taken under the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 
 23. Stock Holding Period . The Participant agrees to hold all shares of Common Stock acquired upon the exercise of the Option and or the SAR granted hereunder for a minimum of 12 months following the date of such exercise. This holding period shall not apply to shares sold or tendered by the Participant and or withheld by the Company to pay the aggregate Exercise Price and or to settle tax liabilities related to the exercise, and as otherwise may be provided under the Company s Stock Ownership Policy. 
 
 15 

Appendix I (Employees Whose Primary Residences are Located in California) 
 If the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California 
 1. Sections 18(c)(i) and (c)(ii) of the foregoing Agreement shall be replaced with the following 
 18(c)(i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees to the extent that the Participant uses or misuses Confidential Information (as the term is defined in this Section) to so solicit and or interfere. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). 
 18(c)(ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in its and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue or terminate Customer s patronage and or 
 16 

business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 2. Any claims relating to Section 18 of the Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 

17 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 5
 kmpr202212312022ex1034.htm
 EX-10.34

Document 

Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (Cliff-Vesting Form) 
 This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of this ______ day of _________________, 20__ Grant Date between KEMPER CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation Company ), and name Participant for an Award of restricted stock units RSUs ), each representing the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock Common Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 SIGNATURES 
 As of the date set forth above, the parties have accepted the terms of this Agreement by signing this Agreement by an electronic signature, and each party agrees that such signature shall not be denied legal effect, validity or enforceability solely because it was submitted or executed electronically. 
 KEMPER CORPORATION PARTICIPANT 
 By ____________________________________ ____________________________________ 
 CEO Signature and Title name 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Board of Directors of the Company Board has adopted the Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan Plan ), including all amendments to date, to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board or any subcommittee thereof, or any other committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan Committee ). Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall be defined in accordance with the Plan. 
 B. The Plan authorizes the Committee to grant to selected Employees, Directors and Third Party Service Providers awards of various types, including restricted stock units providing the right to receive shares of Common Stock under specified terms and conditions. 
 C. Pursuant to the Plan, the Committee has determined that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to grant an Award of RSUs to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement as an inducement to remain in the service of the Company and an incentive for increased effort during such service. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Grant . The Company grants an aggregate of shares shares RSUs, which represent the Company s unfunded and unsecured promise to issue shares of Common Stock, to the Participant, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The RSUs shall not entitle the Participant to any rights of a shareholder of Common Stock and the Participant has no rights with respect to the Award other than rights as a general creditor of the Company. 
 2. Governing Plan . This Award is granted pursuant to the Plan, which is incorporated herein for all purposes. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, which controls in case of any conflict with this Agreement, except as 

otherwise provided for in the Plan. No amendment of the Plan shall adversely affect this Award in any material way without the written consent of the Participant. 
 3. Restrictions on Transfer . The RSUs shall be restricted during a period Restriction Period beginning on the Grant Date and expiring on the Settlement Date (as defined in Section 6 below). During the Restriction Period, neither this Agreement, the RSUs nor any rights and privileges granted hereby may be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way, whether by operation of the law or otherwise (any such disposition being referred to herein as a Transfer ), except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, no rights or privileges granted hereby may be Transferred during the Restriction Period to the spouse or former spouse of the Participant pursuant to any divorce proceedings, settlement or judgment, unless approved by the Committee. Any attempt to Transfer this Agreement, the RSUs or any other rights or privileges granted hereby contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and of no force or effect, and the Company shall not recognize or give effect to any such Transfer on its books and records or recognize the person to whom such purported Transfer has been made as the legal or beneficial holder of such RSUs. 
 4. Vesting and Forfeiture . 
 (a) Vesting . To the extent not previously forfeited, the RSUs shall fully vest on the earliest to occur of the following Vesting Date 
 (i) the _________ anniversary of the Grant Date, if the Participant continues in Service through such date 
 (ii) the date of the Participant s death, if the Participant dies while in Service 
 (iii) the date of the Participant s Disability, if the Participant becomes Disabled while in Service or 
 (iv) the date upon which vesting is accelerated in accordance with Section 11(b) or otherwise by the Committee in its discretion in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 (b) Termination of Service . On the date of the Participant s cessation of Service, all unvested RSUs that do not vest upon such cessation of Service in accordance with this Agreement shall be forfeited to the Company. If the Participant s Service is terminated, or is deemed to be terminated, for Cause, any outstanding portion of the RSUs held by the Participant (vested or unvested) shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of such termination of Service. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a Participant s Service shall be deemed terminated for Cause if the Participant resigns or is terminated and the Committee determines in good faith, either before, at the time of, or after such termination, that one or more of the events or actions described in the definition of Cause below existed as of the time of such termination. 
 (c) Certain Definitions . 
 (i) Cause means any of the following (1) the Participant s theft or falsification of any Company or Affiliate documents, records or property (2) the Participant s improper use or disclosure of the Company s or an Affiliate s confidential or proprietary information in breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct or an applicable contractual or other obligation, or using such information for personal gain including, without limitation, by trading in Company securities on the basis of material, non-public information (3) fraud, 
 2 

misappropriation of or intentional material damage to the property or business of the Company or an Affiliate or other action by the Participant which has a material detrimental effect on the Company s or an Affiliate s reputation or business as determined by the Committee (4) the Participant s material failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned and lawful duties after written notice from the Company or Affiliate of such failure or inability, and such failure or inability is not cured by the Participant within ten (10) business days (5) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any felony or any criminal violation involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, dishonesty, the misuse or misappropriation of money or other property or any other crime which has or would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the business or reputation of the Company or an Affiliate or (6) a material breach by the Participant of the policies and procedures of the Company or an Affiliate, including, but not limited to, any breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct and the requirements of Section 15 below. 
 (ii) Disabled or Disability means that the Participant either 
 (A) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months and, with respect to a Participant who is an Employee, is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan e.g. , a long term disability plan) covering Employees of the Company or Affiliate that employs the Participant or 
 (B) is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board. 
 (iii) Employer means the Company or Affiliate by whom the Participant is employed, or to whom the Participant provides services. 
 (iv) Good Reason means any action taken by the Employer which results in a material negative change to the Participant in the employment relationship, such as the duties to be performed, the conditions under which such duties are to be performed or the compensation to be received for performing such services. A termination by the Participant shall not constitute termination for Good Reason unless the Participant shall first have delivered to the Employer written notice setting forth with specificity the occurrence deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason (which notice must be given no later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such event), and there shall have passed a reasonable time (not less than thirty (30) days) within which the Employer may take action to correct, rescind or otherwise substantially reverse the occurrence supporting termination for Good Reason as identified by the Participant. 
 (v) Service means the period during which the Participant is an Employee, Director or Third Party Service Provider provided, however, that the Participant will not be deemed to be in Service after the Company divests its control in the Affiliate for whom the Participant is exclusively in Service, or if the Company s control of such Affiliate otherwise ceases. 
 3 

5. Dividend Equivalents . If a cash dividend is declared and paid by the Company with respect to the Common Stock during the Restriction Period, the Participant shall be eligible to receive a cash payment equal to the total cash dividend the Participant would have received had the RSUs been actual shares of Common Stock, provided that the Participant vests in the RSUs. Any such cash payment shall be made on the Settlement Date (as defined below) and it shall be subject to applicable tax withholding obligations as described in Section 8. 
 6. Conversion of RSUs Issuance of Common Stock . Except as otherwise provided in Section 10, the Company shall cause one share of Common Stock to be issued, within the time period provided below, for each RSU that is vesting on the Vesting Date. 
 Any issuance of Common Stock shall be subject to applicable tax withholding obligations as described in Section 8 and shall be in book-entry form, registered in the Participant s name (or in the name of the Participant s Representative, as the case may be), in payment of whole RSUs. Any fractional shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be issued to the Participant shall instead be paid in the form of cash. Except as otherwise provided in Section 10, in no event shall the date that Common Stock is issued to the Participant Settlement Date occur later than the first to occur of (a) March 15 th following the calendar year in which the Vesting Date occurred, or (b) 90 days following the Vesting Date. 
 7. Fair Market Value of Common Stock . The fair market value Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be determined for purposes of this Agreement by reference to the closing price of a share of Common Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are primarily traded) for the applicable date or if no prices are reported for that day, the last preceding day on which such prices are reported (or, if for any reason no such price is available, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion in accordance with the Plan). 
 8. Withholding of Taxes . The Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the RSUs will result in the Participant being subject to payroll taxes upon the Vesting Date (if the Participant is an Employee or was an Employee on the Grant Date), except as otherwise determined by the Company and permitted by regulations issued under Section 3121(v)(2) of the Code, and that the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 will result in the Participant being subject to income taxes upon the Settlement Date. Upon a required withholding date, the Company will deduct from the shares of Common Stock that are otherwise due to be delivered to the Participant shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value not in excess of the tax withholding requirements based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Participant for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Participant s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction, and the Participant shall remit to the Company in cash any and all applicable withholding taxes that exceed the amount available to the Company using shares with respect to which the Settlement Date has occurred. 
 9. Section 409A . The Company intends that the Award hereunder shall either be exempt from the application of, or compliant with, the requirements of Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in accordance with such intent. In no event shall the Company and or its Affiliates be liable for any tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on the Participant (or the Participant s estate) under Section 409A. 
 10. Shares to be Issued in Compliance with Federal Securities Laws and Other Rules . No shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of the RSUs shall be issued and delivered unless and until there shall have been full compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Act (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption conditions), all applicable listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then 
 4 

listed) and any other requirements of law or of any regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery. The Company shall use its best efforts and take all necessary or appropriate actions to ensure that such full compliance on the part of the Company is made. By signing this Agreement, the Participant represents and warrants that none of the shares to be acquired in settlement of the RSUs will be acquired with a view towards any sale, transfer or distribution of said shares in violation of the Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any applicable blue sky laws, and that the Participant hereby agrees to indemnify the Company in the event of any violation by the Participant of such Act, rules, regulations or laws. The Company will use its best efforts to complete all actions necessary for such compliance so that settlement can occur within the period specified in Section 6 provided that if the Company reasonably anticipates that settlement within such period will cause a violation of applicable law, settlement may be delayed provided that settlement occurs at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that such settlement will not cause a violation of applicable law, all in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii). 
 11. Certain Adjustments Change in Control . 
 (a) If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any equity restructurings (within the meaning of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718) that causes the per share value of a share of Common Stock to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin off, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, and similar matters, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an equitable adjustment to the number and kind of RSUs subject to the Award. If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any other changes in corporate capitalization, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an appropriate and equitable substitution, adjustment or treatment with respect to the RSUs in a manner consistent with Sections 4.3 and 21.2 of the Plan. The Committee s determination as to what adjustments shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional RSUs shall be issued under the Plan on any such adjustment. 
 (b) In the event of a Change in Control as defined in Section 20.1(a) or (b) of the Plan, except as prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange requirements, if the Service of a Participant is terminated within the two (2)-year period following such Change in Control by the Company or an Affiliate for reasons other than Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, any Restriction Period shall lapse and the RSUs shall immediately vest and be paid out or distributed without further restriction. 
 12. Participation by Participant in Other Company Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect the right of the Participant to participate in and receive benefits under and in accordance with the then current provisions of any retirement plan or employee welfare benefit plan or program of the Company or of any Affiliate of the Company, subject in each case, to the terms and conditions of any such plan or program. 
 13. Not an Employment or Service Contract . Nothing herein contained shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates, expressed or implied, to employ or contract for the services of the Participant, to restrict the right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to discharge the Participant or cease contracting for the Participant s services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever, the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services which may exist between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 14. Death of the Participant . In the event of the Participant s death prior to the Settlement Date, delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 shall be made to the duly appointed and qualified executor or other personal representative of the Participant, to be distributed in accordance with the Participant s will or applicable intestacy law. 
 5 

15. Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement . The Participant agrees that the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement is conditioned upon the Participant s compliance with the following confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement terms and conditions. 
 (a) Definitions . As used in this Section, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 (i) Confidential Information means any and all confidential information, including without limitation any negotiations or agreements between the Company or its Affiliates and third parties, business and marketing plans and related materials, training materials, financial information, plans, executive summaries, capitalization tables, budgets, unpublished financial statements, costs, prices, licenses, employee, customer, supplier, shareholder, partner or investor lists and or data, products, technology, know-how, business processes, business data, inventions, designs, patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, business models, notes, sketches, flow charts, formulas, blueprints and elements thereof, databases, compilations, and other intellectual property, whether written or otherwise. Some or all of the Confidential Information may also be entitled to protection as a trade secret under applicable state or federal law. Confidential Information does not include information that the Participant can prove was properly known to the Participant from sources permitted to disseminate the information prior to the Participant s employment by, or provision of services to, the Employer, or that has become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of the Participant. 
 (ii) Customer means any customer of the Company or an Affiliate with which whom the Participant had material communications, for which whom the Participant performed any services, to which whom the Participant sold any products, or about which whom the Participant learned or had access to any Confidential Information, in each case during the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Participant s termination of employment from, or provision of services to, the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iii) Enhanced Restricted Period means the twenty-four (24)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iv) Restricted Employee means any person who was employed by the Company or an Affiliate and had Material Contact pursuant to the Participant s duties at any point during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Participant s last day of employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Section, Material Contact means interaction between the Participant and another employee of the Employer or an Affiliate (A) with whom the Participant actually dealt or interacted or (B) whose employment or dealings with the Employer or services for the Employer were directly or indirectly handled, coordinated, managed, or supervised by the Participant. 
 (v) Restricted Period means the twelve (12)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 6 

(b) Confidential Information . 
 (i) Protection of Confidential Information . At all times during the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer, and at all times thereafter, the Participant agrees to (A) hold the Confidential Information in strictest confidence, and not to directly or indirectly copy, distribute, disclose, divert, or disseminate, in whole or in part, any of such Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity except (x) to authorized agents of the Employer who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose for which it is disclosed, or (y) to other persons for the benefit of the Employer, in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with or service to the Employer and (B) refrain from directly or indirectly using the Confidential Information other than as necessary and as authorized in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer. In the event the Participant receives a subpoena or other validly issued administrative or judicial order demanding production or disclosure of Confidential Information, the Participant shall promptly notify the Employer and provide a copy of such subpoena or order and tender to the Employer the defense of any such demand. The Participant may, if necessary, disclose Confidential Information in judicial proceedings relating to the enforcement of the Participant s rights or obligations under this Agreement provided , however , that the Participant must first enter into an agreed protective order with the Employer protecting the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the Participant s confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations under this Agreement or otherwise, as provided in the Federal Defend Trade Secret Act, the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or to the Participant s attorney in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. The Participant understands and acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating with or reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or making other disclosures or statements that are protected under the whistleblower, collective bargaining, anti-discrimination and or anti-retaliation provisions of federal or state law or regulation. The Participant understands that the Participant does not need prior authorization of the Employer to make any such reports or disclosures, and that the Participant is not required to notify the Employer that the Participant has made such reports or disclosures. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation . 
 (i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, 
 7 

consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, seek to recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(i) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in their and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue, or terminate Customer s or Key Business Partner s patronage and or business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. In addition to the foregoing restrictions, the Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Enhanced Restricted Period, the 
 8 

Participant shall not be personally involved in the negotiation, competition for, solicitation or execution of any individual book roll over(s) or other book of business transfer arrangements involving the transfer of business away from the Company or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(ii) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (d) Notification to New Employers . During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall notify any subsequent employer of the Participant s obligations under this Section prior to commencing employment. In addition, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall provide the Employer and his her prior manager at the Employer fourteen (14) days advance written notice prior to becoming employed by, or retained to represent or provide services to, any person or entity or engaging in any business of any type or form, with such notice including the identity of the prospective employer or business, the specific division (if applicable) for which the Participant will be performing services, the title or position to be assumed by the Participant, the physical location of the position to be assumed by the Participant, and the responsibilities of the position to be assumed by the Participant. The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and or any of its Affiliates, at their discretion, to contact the Participant s prospective or subsequent employers and inform them of this Section or any other policy or employment agreement between the Participant and the Company and or its Affiliates that may be in effect at the termination of the Participant s employment with the Employer. 
 (e) Non-Disparagement . During the term of Participant s employment and for the two (2)-year period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason), the Participant shall not make or intentionally cause or direct others to make any written or oral statement that disparages or otherwise are slanderous, libelous, or defamatory towards the Company or its Affiliates, or their respective business relations. Without in any way limiting the scope or effect of the preceding sentence, the Participant specifically agrees, represents and warrants that the Participant shall not directly or indirectly disparage the Company s and or its Affiliates (i) officers, management, business practices, policies, procedures and or operations, (ii) employees or other personnel, employment or other personnel-related decisions, staffing, and or hiring or termination decisions, practices or other personnel-related activities or occurrences, and or any other employment-related decisions, actions or practices by or relating to the Company or the Affiliates, or (iii) any other policies, procedures or matters concerning or relating to the Company, including but not limited to the Company s business, operations, employees, management, Customers, suppliers, activities, products, services or any other matter relating to the Company or its Affiliates provided that this non-disparagement provision shall not prohibit any statement, reporting or other action this is permitted by subsection (b)(ii) of this Section. Moreover, unless permitted by applicable law, and subject to subsection (b)(ii) of this Section, the Participant shall not encourage or aid any person or entity in the pursuit of any cause of action, lawsuit or any other claim or dispute of any kind against the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 (f) Consideration Reasonableness of Restrictions . 
 (i) Consideration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received valuable and adequate consideration in exchange for the restrictions in this Section, including but not limited to the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement, offer of 
 9 

employment or continued employment with the Employer, training and continued training, access to the Confidential Information, and access to the Customers and Key Business Partners. 
 (ii) Reasonableness of Restrictions . The Participant understands and acknowledges the importance of the relationships which the Company and its Affiliates have with their Employees, Customers and Key Business Partners, as well as how significant the maintenance of the Confidential Information is to the business and success of the Company and its Affiliates, and acknowledges the steps the Company and its Affiliates have taken, are taking and will continue to take to develop, preserve and protect these relationships and the Confidential Information. Accordingly, the Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions and limitations described in this Section are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates, and the Participant agrees and acknowledges that all restrictions and limitations relating to the period following the end of the Participant s employment or service with the Employer will apply regardless of the reason the Participant s employment or service ends. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the enforcement of this Section will not in any way preclude the Participant from becoming gainfully employed or engaged as a contractor in such manner and to such extent as to provide the Participant with an adequate standard of living. 
 (iii) Participant s Notice to Consult An Attorney . The Company hereby advises the Participant to consult with an attorney (chosen by the Participant and at the Participant s cost) prior to signing this Agreement, including with respect to the non-solicitation provisions and other restrictive covenants contained in this Section. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of this notice by the Company. 
 (iv) Review Period . The Participant has at least fourteen (14) calendar days to review this Agreement before agreeing to its terms (although the Participant may elect to voluntarily sign it before the end of this review period). 
 (v) Tolling . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participant breaches any of the non-solicitation restrictions in Section 15(c), then the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if applicable) shall be tolled (retroactive to the date such breach commenced) until such breach or violation has been duly cured. 
 (vi) Modification . If any provision or term in this Section is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid and unenforceable portion shall be reformed to the maximum time, activity-related restrictions and or limitations permitted by applicable law, so as to be valid and enforceable. If any such provision cannot be made valid and enforceable, it shall be severed from this Agreement without affecting the remainder of this Agreement. 
 (vii) Breach Remedies . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the breach of this Section would cause substantial loss to the goodwill of the Company and or its Affiliates, and cause irreparable harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Further, because the Participant s employment with the Employer is personal and unique, because damages alone would not be an adequate remedy and because of the Participant s access to the Confidential Information, the 
 10 

Company and or its Affiliates shall have the right to enforce this Section, including any of its provisions, by injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, without having to post bond or prove actual damages, and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that the Company and or its Affiliates may have for a breach of this Section, including, without limitation, money damages. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that notwithstanding the arbitration provisions in this Agreement, the Company may elect to file and pursue claims which arise from or relate to the Participant s actual or threatened breaches of this Section in state or federal court of competent jurisdiction. The Participant shall be liable to pay all costs, including reasonable attorneys and experts fees and expenses, that the Company and or its Affiliates may incur in enforcing or defending this Section, whether or not litigation is actually commenced and including litigation of any appeal taken or defended by the Company and or its Affiliates where the Company and or its Affiliates succeed in enforcing any provision of this Section. 
 (viii) Forfeiture and Repayment Provisions . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Participant agrees that during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if as applicable), if the Participant breaches any of the terms or conditions in this Section, then in addition to all rights and remedies available to the Company and or its Affiliates at law and in equity, the Participant shall immediately forfeit any portion of the Award that has not otherwise been previously forfeited under the applicable terms of this Agreement and that has not yet been paid, exercised, settled, or vested. The Company and or its Affiliates may also require repayment from the Participant of any and all of the compensatory value of the Award that the Participant received during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, as applicable), including without limitation the gross amount of any Common Stock distribution or cash payment made to the Participant upon the vesting, distribution, exercise, or settlement of the Award and or any consideration in excess of such gross amounts received by the Participant upon the sale or transfer of the Common Stock acquired through vesting, distribution, exercise or settlement of the Award. The Participant shall promptly pay the full amount due upon demand by the Company and or its Affiliates in the form of cash or shares of Common Stock at current Fair Market Value. 
 (ix) Waiver . The waiver of any breach of the terms of this Section shall not constitute the waiver of any other or further breach hereunder, whether or not of a like nature or kind. No waiver by the Company or any of its Affiliates of the breach of any term contained in a similar agreement between the Company and or any of its Affiliates and any other employee or participant, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or construed as, a waiver of the breach of any term of this Section. No waiver of any provision of this Section shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Company or one or more of its Affiliates. 
 (x) Interpretation . Any reference to Section or subsection in this Section 15 shall refer to this Section 15 or respective subsection. 
 16. Arbitration . In lieu of litigation by way of court or jury trial, any dispute or controversy arising hereunder shall be settled by arbitration, in accordance with the arbitration agreement currently in effect by separate agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates and which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event that such arbitration agreement is determined to be inapplicable or unenforceable or if no such 
 11 

arbitration agreement is then in effect, the parties mutually agree to arbitrate any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this paragraph. The parties agree that this Agreement provides sufficient consideration for that obligation and the mutual promises to arbitrate also constitutes consideration for this agreement to arbitrate. The following terms and conditions shall apply to such arbitration hereunder. The arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA Rules then in effect, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Judgment may be entered on the award of the arbitrator in any court having jurisdiction. Unless provided otherwise in the arbitrator s award, each party will pay its own attorneys fees and costs. To the extent required by law or the AAA Rules, all administrative costs of arbitration (including filing fees) and the fees of the arbitrator will be paid by the Company. The Participant and the Company waive the right for any dispute to be brought, heard, decided, or arbitrated as a class and or collective action (or joinder or consolidation with claims of any other person), and the parties agree that, regardless of anything else in this arbitration provision or the AAA Rules, the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of the class action waiver in this provision may only be determined by a court and not an arbitrator. Regardless of anything else in this Agreement, this arbitration provision may not be modified or terminated absent a writing signed by the Participant and the Company stating an intent to modify or terminate the arbitration provision. 
 17. Governing Law . Except as otherwise provided in the foregoing Section or an Appendix to this Agreement, this Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without application of its conflicts of laws principles. 
 18. Miscellaneous . This Agreement, together with the Plan, is the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the RSUs granted hereby and may not be amended except in a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant or his or her Representative. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, it shall be modified to the extent possible and minimally necessary to be enforceable, and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will be in full force and effect. 
 19. Forfeiture and Clawback of Award . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement and as a condition to the receipt of this Award, the rights, payments and benefits with respect to this Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this Award are subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment by the Company if and to the extent permitted by Section 15.3 of the Plan, required in accordance with Company policy as in effect from time to time Forfeiture and Clawback Policy ), and or as otherwise required by applicable law, rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or rule or listing requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) as in effect from time to time (collectively with the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy, Applicable Requirements in connection with an accounting restatement or under such other circumstances as specified in the Applicable Requirements. Any determination made and action taken under the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 
 20. Stock Holding Period . The Participant agrees to hold the shares of Common Stock acquired upon the conversion of the RSUs for a minimum of 12 months following their Settlement Date. This holding period shall not apply to shares of Common Stock withheld by the Company to settle tax liabilities related to vesting and or settlement, and as otherwise may be provided under the Company s Stock Ownership Policy. 
 
 12 

Appendix I (Employees Whose Primary Residences are Located in California) 
 If the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California 
 1. Sections 15(c)(i) and (c)(ii) of the foregoing Agreement shall be replaced with the following 
 15(c)(i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees to the extent that the Participant uses or misuses Confidential Information (as the term is defined in this Section) to so solicit and or interfere. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). 
 15(c)(ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in its and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue or terminate Customer s patronage and or business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, 
 13 

encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 2. Any claims relating to Section 15 of the Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 

14 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 6
 kmpr202212312022ex1035.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 

Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (Installment-Vesting Form) 
 This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of this ______ day of _______________, 20__ Grant Date between KEMPER CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation Company ), and name Participant for an Award of restricted stock units RSUs ), each representing the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock Common Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 SIGNATURES 
 As of the date set forth above, the parties have accepted the terms of this Agreement by signing this Agreement by an electronic signature, and each party agrees that such signature shall not be denied legal effect, validity or enforceability solely because it was submitted or executed electronically. 
 KEMPER CORPORATION PARTICIPANT 
 
 By ________________________________ ____________________________________ 
 CEO Signature and Title name 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Board of Directors of the Company Board has adopted the Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan Plan ), including all amendments to date, to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board or any subcommittee thereof, or any other committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan Committee ). Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall be defined in accordance with the Plan. 
 B. The Plan authorizes the Committee to grant to selected Employees, Directors and Third Party Service Providers awards of various types, including restricted stock units providing the right to receive shares of Common Stock under specified terms and conditions. 
 C. Pursuant to the Plan, the Committee has determined that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to grant an Award of RSUs to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement as an inducement to remain in the service of the Company and an incentive for increased effort during such service. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Grant . The Company grants an aggregate of shares RSUs, which represent the Company s unfunded and unsecured promise to issue shares of Common Stock, to the Participant, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The RSUs shall not entitle the Participant to any rights of a shareholder of Common Stock and the Participant has no rights with respect to the Award other than rights as a general creditor of the Company. 
 2. Governing Plan . This Award is granted pursuant to the Plan, which is incorporated herein for all purposes. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, which controls in case of any conflict with this Agreement, except as 

otherwise provided for in the Plan. No amendment of the Plan shall adversely affect this Award in any material way without the written consent of the Participant. 
 3. Restrictions on Transfer . The RSUs shall be restricted during a period Restriction Period beginning on the Grant Date and expiring on the applicable Settlement Date (as defined in Section 6 below). During the Restriction Period, neither this Agreement, the RSUs nor any rights and privileges granted hereby may be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way, whether by operation of the law or otherwise (any such disposition being referred to herein as a Transfer ), except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, no rights or privileges granted hereby may be Transferred during the Restriction Period to the spouse or former spouse of the Participant pursuant to any divorce proceedings, settlement or judgment, unless approved by the Committee. Any attempt to Transfer this Agreement, the RSUs or any other rights or privileges granted hereby contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and of no force or effect, and the Company shall not recognize or give effect to any such Transfer on its books and records or recognize the person to whom such purported Transfer has been made as the legal or beneficial holder of such RSUs. 
 4. Vesting and Forfeiture . 
 (a) Vesting . To the extent not previously forfeited, and except as provided in Section 4(b) below, the RSUs shall vest in accordance with the following schedule if the Participant continues in Service through the applicable date (each date of vesting, a Vesting Date 
 in three (3) equal, annual installments, beginning on the first anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and except as provided in Section 4(b) or 4(c) below, if the Participant is Retirement Eligible (as defined below) prior to the date the Participant s Service is terminated for any reason other than Cause, any unvested RSUs shall continue to vest in accordance with the schedule set forth above, provided that the Committee does not determine, in its sole discretion, that the Participant has failed to comply with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 15 and executes and does not revoke a release of claims in the form provided by the Company. 
 (b) Acceleration of Vesting . Notwithstanding the terms of Section 4(a) above, to the extent not previously vested or forfeited, the RSUs shall fully vest on the earliest to occur of the following (the date of which shall also be designated as a Vesting Date) 
 (i) the date of the Participant s death or Disability, if the Participant dies or becomes Disabled while in Service 
 (ii) the date of the Participant s death or Disability following the Participant s termination of Service for any reason other than Cause, if the Participant was Retirement Eligible prior to the date the Participant s Service is terminated, provided that the Committee does not determine, in its sole discretion, that the Participant has failed to comply with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 15 prior to the date of death or Disability or 
 (iii) the date upon which vesting is accelerated in accordance with Section 11(b) or otherwise by the Committee in its discretion in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 2 

(c) Termination of Service . On the date of the Participant s cessation of Service, any unvested portion of the RSUs held by the Participant that does not vest upon such cessation of Service in accordance with this Agreement shall be forfeited to the Company if the Participant is not Retirement Eligible on such date. If the Participant s Service is terminated, or is deemed to be terminated, for Cause prior to or after becoming Retirement Eligible, any outstanding portion of the RSUs held by the Participant (vested or unvested) shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of such termination of Service. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a Participant s Service shall be deemed terminated for Cause if the Participant resigns or is terminated and the Committee determines in good faith, either before, at the time of, or after such termination, that one or more of the events or actions described in the definition of Cause below existed as of the time of such termination. 
 (d) Certain Definitions. 
 (i) Cause means any of the following (1) the Participant s theft or falsification of any Company or Affiliate documents, records or property (2) the Participant s improper use or disclosure of the Company s or an Affiliate s confidential or proprietary information in breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct or an applicable contractual or other obligation, or using such information for personal gain including, without limitation, by trading in Company securities on the basis of material, non-public information (3) fraud, misappropriation of or intentional material damage to the property or business of the Company or an Affiliate or other action by the Participant which has a material detrimental effect on the Company s or an Affiliate s reputation or business as determined by the Committee (4) the Participant s material failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned and lawful duties after written notice from the Company or Affiliate of such failure or inability, and such failure or inability is not cured by the Participant within ten (10) business days (5) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any felony or any criminal violation involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, dishonesty, the misuse or misappropriation of money or other property or any other crime which has or would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the business or reputation of the Company or an Affiliate or (6) a material breach by the Participant of the policies and procedures of the Company or an Affiliate, including, but not limited to, any breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct and the requirements of Section 15 below. 
 (ii) Disabled or Disability means that the Participant either 
 (A) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months and, with respect to a Participant who is an Employee, is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan e.g. , a long term disability plan) covering Employees of the Company or Affiliate that employs the Participant or 
 (B) is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board. 
 3 

(iii) Employer means the Company or Affiliate by whom the Participant is employed, or to whom the Participant provides services. 
 (iv) Good Reason means any action taken by the Employer which results in a material negative change to the Participant in the employment relationship, such as the duties to be performed, the conditions under which such duties are to be performed or the compensation to be received for performing such services. A termination by the Participant shall not constitute termination for Good Reason unless the Participant shall first have delivered to the Employer written notice setting forth with specificity the occurrence deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason (which notice must be given no later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such event), and there shall have passed a reasonable time (not less than thirty (30) days) within which the Employer may take action to correct, rescind or otherwise substantially reverse the occurrence supporting termination for Good Reason as identified by the Participant. 
 (v) Retirement Eligible means that the Participant has either attained age 55 and completed ten (10) years of Service as an Employee or attained age 60 and completed five (5) years of Service as an Employee. 
 (vi) Service means the period during which the Participant is an Employee, Director or a Third Party Service Provider provided, however, that the Participant will not be deemed to be in Service after the Company divests its control in the Affiliate for whom the Participant is exclusively in Service, or if the Company s control of such Affiliate otherwise ceases. 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . If a cash dividend is declared and paid by the Company with respect to the Common Stock during the Restriction Period, the Participant shall be eligible to receive a cash payment equal to the total cash dividend the Participant would have received had the RSUs been actual shares of Common Stock, provided that the Participant vests in the RSUs for which the cash payment (or portion thereof) relates. Any such cash payment(s) shall be made on the Settlement Date(s) (as defined below) of the applicable RSUs, and they shall be subject to applicable tax withholding obligations as described in Section 8. 
 6. Conversion of RSUs Issuance of Common Stock . Except as otherwise provided in Section 10, the Company shall cause one share of Common Stock to be issued, within the time period provided below, for each RSU that is vesting on the applicable Vesting Date. 
 Any issuance of Common Stock shall be subject to applicable tax withholding obligations as described in Section 8 and shall be in book-entry form, registered in the Participant s name (or in the name of the Participant s Representative, as the case may be), in payment of whole RSUs. Any fractional shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be issued to the Participant shall instead be paid in the form of cash. Except as otherwise provided in Section 10, in no event shall the date on which Common Stock is issued to the Participant (in each case, a Settlement Date occur later than the first to occur of (a) March 15 th following the calendar year in which the applicable Vesting Date occurred, or (b) 90 days following the applicable Vesting Date. 
 7. Fair Market Value of Common Stock . The fair market value Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be determined for purposes of this Agreement by reference to the closing price of a share of Common Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are primarily traded) for the applicable date, or if no prices are reported for that day, the last preceding day on which 
 4 

such prices are reported (or, if for any reason no such price is available, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion in accordance with the Plan). 
 8. Withholding of Taxes . The Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the RSUs will result in the Participant being subject to payroll taxes upon the Vesting Date (if the Participant is an Employee or was an Employee on the Grant Date), except as otherwise determined by the Company and permitted by regulations issued under Section 3121(v)(2) of the Code, and that the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 will result in the Participant being subject to income taxes upon the applicable Settlement Date. Upon a required withholding date, the Company will deduct from the shares of Common Stock that are otherwise due to be delivered to the Participant shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value not in excess of the tax withholding requirements based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Participant for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Participant s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction, and the Participant shall remit to the Company in cash any and all applicable withholding taxes that exceed the amount available to the Company using shares with respect to which the Settlement Date has occurred. 
 The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant will be subject to payroll taxes upon becoming Retirement Eligible prior to termination of the Participant s Service and agrees that the Company or its Affiliate shall withhold such payroll taxes from any other compensation paid by the Company or its Affiliate to the Participant. 
 9. Section 409A . The Company intends that the Award hereunder shall either be exempt from the application of, or compliant with, the requirements of Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in accordance with such intent. In no event shall the Company and or its Affiliates be liable for any tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on the Participant (or the Participant s estate) under Section 409A. 
 10. Shares to be Issued in Compliance with Federal Securities Laws and Other Rules . No shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of the RSUs shall be issued and delivered unless and until there shall have been full compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Act (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption conditions), all applicable listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) and any other requirements of law or of any regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery. The Company shall use its best efforts and take all necessary or appropriate actions to ensure that such full compliance on the part of the Company is made. By signing this Agreement, the Participant represents and warrants that none of the shares to be acquired in settlement of the RSUs will be acquired with a view towards any sale, transfer or distribution of said shares in violation of the Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any applicable blue sky laws, and that the Participant hereby agrees to indemnify the Company in the event of any violation by the Participant of such Act, rules, regulations or laws. The Company will use its best efforts to complete all actions necessary for such compliance so that settlement can occur within the period specified in Section 6 provided that if the Company reasonably anticipates that settlement within such period will cause a violation of applicable law, settlement may be delayed provided that settlement occurs at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that such settlement will not cause a violation of applicable law, all in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii). 
 11. Certain Adjustments Change in Control . 
 (a) If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any equity restructurings (within the meaning of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 
 5 

718) that causes the per share value of a share of Common Stock to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin off, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, and similar matters, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an equitable adjustment to the number and kind of RSUs subject to the Award. If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any other changes in corporate capitalization, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an appropriate and equitable substitution, adjustment or treatment with respect to the RSUs in a manner consistent with Sections 4.3 and 21.2 of the Plan. The Committee s determination as to what adjustments shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional RSUs shall be issued under the Plan on any such adjustment. 
 (b) In the event of a Change in Control as defined in Section 20.1(a) or (b) of the Plan, except as prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange requirements, if the Service of a Participant is terminated within the two (2)-year period following such Change in Control by the Company or an Affiliate for reasons other than Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, any Restriction Period shall lapse and the RSUs shall immediately vest and be paid out or distributed without further restriction. 
 12. Participation by Participant in Other Company Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect the right of the Participant to participate in and receive benefits under and in accordance with the then current provisions of any retirement plan or employee welfare benefit plan or program of the Company or of any Affiliate of the Company, subject in each case, to the terms and conditions of any such plan or program. 
 13. Not an Employment or Service Contract . Nothing herein contained shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates, expressed or implied, to employ or contract for the services of the Participant, to restrict the right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to discharge the Participant or cease contracting for the Participant s services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever, the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services which may exist between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 14. Death of the Participant . In the event of the Participant s death prior to the Settlement Date, delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 shall be made to the duly appointed and qualified executor or other personal representative of the Participant, to be distributed in accordance with the Participant s will or applicable intestacy law. 
 15. Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement . The Participant agrees that the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement is conditioned upon the Participant s compliance with the following confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement terms and conditions. 
 (a) Definitions . As used in this Section, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 (i) Confidential Information means any and all confidential information, including without limitation any negotiations or agreements between the Company or its Affiliates and third parties, business and marketing plans and related materials, training materials, financial information, plans, executive summaries, capitalization tables, budgets, unpublished financial statements, costs, prices, licenses, employee, customer, supplier, shareholder, partner or investor lists and or data, products, technology, know-how, business processes, business data, inventions, designs, patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, business models, notes, sketches, flow charts, formulas, blueprints 
 6 

and elements thereof, databases, compilations, and other intellectual property, whether written or otherwise. Some or all of the Confidential Information may also be entitled to protection as a trade secret under applicable state or federal law. Confidential Information does not include information that the Participant can prove was properly known to the Participant from sources permitted to disseminate the information prior to the Participant s employment by, or provision of services to, the Employer, or that has become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of the Participant. 
 (ii) Customer means any customer of the Company or an Affiliate with which whom the Participant had material communications for which whom the Participant performed any services, to which whom the Participant sold any products, or about which whom the Participant learned or had access to any Confidential Information, in each case during the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Participant s termination of employment from, or provision of services to, the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iii) Enhanced Restricted Period means the twenty-four (24)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iv) Restricted Employee means any person who was employed by the Company or an Affiliate and had Material Contact pursuant to the Participant s duties at any point during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Participant s last day of employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Section, Material Contact means interaction between the Participant and another employee of the Employer or an Affiliate (A) with whom the Participant actually dealt or interacted or (B) whose employment or dealings with the Employer or services for the Employer were directly or indirectly handled, coordinated, managed, or supervised by the Participant. 
 (v) Restricted Period means the twelve (12)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (b) Confidential Information . 
 (i) Protection of Confidential Information . At all times during the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer, and at all times thereafter, the Participant agrees to (A) hold the Confidential Information in strictest confidence, and not to directly or indirectly copy, distribute, disclose, divert, or disseminate, in whole or in part, any of such Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity except (x) to authorized agents of the Employer who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose for which it is disclosed, or (y) to other persons for the benefit of the Employer, in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with or service to the Employer and (B) refrain from directly or indirectly using the Confidential Information other than as necessary and as authorized in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer. In the event the Participant receives a 
 7 

subpoena or other validly issued administrative or judicial order demanding production or disclosure of Confidential Information, the Participant shall promptly notify the Employer and provide a copy of such subpoena or order and tender to the Employer the defense of any such demand. The Participant may, if necessary, disclose Confidential Information in judicial proceedings relating to the enforcement of the Participant s rights or obligations under this Agreement provided , however , that the Participant must first enter into an agreed protective order with the Employer protecting the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the Participant s confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations under this Agreement or otherwise, as provided in the Federal Defend Trade Secret Act, the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or to the Participant s attorney in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. The Participant understands and acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating with or reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or making other disclosures or statements that are protected under the whistleblower, collective bargaining, anti-discrimination and or anti-retaliation provisions of federal or state law or regulation. The Participant understands that the Participant does not need prior authorization of the Employer to make any such reports or disclosures, and that the Participant is not required to notify the Employer that the Participant has made such reports or disclosures. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation . 
 (i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, seek to recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the 
 8 

Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(i) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in their and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue, or terminate Customer s or Key Business Partner s patronage and or business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. In addition to the foregoing restrictions, the Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Enhanced Restricted Period, the Participant shall not be personally involved in the negotiation, competition for, solicitation or execution of any individual book roll over(s) or other book of business transfer arrangements involving the transfer of business away from the Company or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(ii) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (d) Notification to New Employers . During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall notify any subsequent employer of the Participant s obligations under this Section prior to commencing employment. In addition, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall provide the Employer and his her prior manager at the Employer fourteen (14) days advance written notice prior to becoming employed by, or 
 9 

retained to represent or provide services to, any person or entity or engaging in any business of any type or form, with such notice including the identity of the prospective employer or business, the specific division (if applicable) for which the Participant will be performing services, the title or position to be assumed by the Participant, the physical location of the position to be assumed by the Participant, and the responsibilities of the position to be assumed by the Participant. The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and or any of its Affiliates, at their discretion, to contact the Participant s prospective or subsequent employers and inform them of this Section or any other policy or employment agreement between the Participant and the Company and or its Affiliates that may be in effect at the termination of the Participant s employment with the Employer. 
 (e) Non-Disparagement . During the term of Participant s employment and for the two (2)-year period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason), the Participant shall not make or intentionally cause or direct others to make any written or oral statement that disparages or otherwise are slanderous, libelous, or defamatory towards the Company or its Affiliates, or their respective business relations. Without in any way limiting the scope or effect of the preceding sentence, the Participant specifically agrees, represents and warrants that the Participant shall not directly or indirectly disparage the Company s and or its Affiliates (i) officers, management, business practices, policies, procedures and or operations, (ii) employees or other personnel, employment or other personnel-related decisions, staffing, and or hiring or termination decisions, practices or other personnel-related activities or occurrences, and or any other employment-related decisions, actions or practices by or relating to the Company or the Affiliates, or (iii) any other policies, procedures or matters concerning or relating to the Company, including but not limited to the Company s business, operations, employees, management, Customers, suppliers, activities, products, services or any other matter relating to the Company or its Affiliates provided that this non-disparagement provision shall not prohibit any statement, reporting or other action this is permitted by subsection (b)(ii) of this Section. Moreover, unless permitted by applicable law, and subject to subsection (b)(ii) of this Section, the Participant shall not encourage or aid any person or entity in the pursuit of any cause of action, lawsuit or any other claim or dispute of any kind against the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 (f) Consideration Reasonableness of Restrictions . 
 (i) Consideration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received valuable and adequate consideration in exchange for the restrictions in this Section, including but not limited to the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement, offer of employment or continued employment with the Employer, training and continued training, access to the Confidential Information, and access to the Customers and Key Business Partners. 
 (ii) Reasonableness of Restrictions . The Participant understands and acknowledges the importance of the relationships which the Company and its Affiliates have with their Employees, Customers and Key Business Partners, as well as how significant the maintenance of the Confidential Information is to the business and success of the Company and its Affiliates, and acknowledges the steps the Company and its Affiliates have taken, are taking and will continue to take to develop, preserve and protect these relationships and the Confidential Information. Accordingly, the Participant agrees that the scope and duration of 
 10 

the restrictions and limitations described in this Section are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates, and the Participant agrees and acknowledges that all restrictions and limitations relating to the period following the end of the Participant s employment or service with the Employer will apply regardless of the reason the Participant s employment or service ends. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the enforcement of this Section will not in any way preclude the Participant from becoming gainfully employed or engaged as a contractor in such manner and to such extent as to provide the Participant with an adequate standard of living. 
 (iii) Participant s Notice to Consult An Attorney . The Company hereby advises the Participant to consult with an attorney (chosen by the Participant and at the Participant s cost) prior to signing this Agreement, including with respect to the non-solicitation provisions and other restrictive covenants contained in this Section. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of this notice by the Company. 
 (iv) Review Period . The Participant has at least fourteen (14) calendar days to review this Agreement before agreeing to its terms (although the Participant may elect to voluntarily sign it before the end of this review period). 
 (v) Tolling . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participant breaches any of the non-solicitation restrictions in Section 15(c), then the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if applicable) shall be tolled (retroactive to the date such breach commenced) until such breach or violation has been duly cured. 
 (vi) Modification . If any provision or term in this Section is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid and unenforceable portion shall be reformed to the maximum time, activity-related restrictions and or limitations permitted by applicable law, so as to be valid and enforceable. If any such provision cannot be made valid and enforceable, it shall be severed from this Agreement without affecting the remainder of this Agreement. 
 (vii) Breach Remedies . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the breach of this Section would cause substantial loss to the goodwill of the Company and or its Affiliates, and cause irreparable harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Further, because the Participant s employment with the Employer is personal and unique, because damages alone would not be an adequate remedy and because of the Participant s access to the Confidential Information, the Company and or its Affiliates shall have the right to enforce this Section, including any of its provisions, by injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, without having to post bond or prove actual damages, and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that the Company and or its Affiliates may have for a breach of this Section, including, without limitation, money damages. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that notwithstanding the arbitration provisions in this Agreement, the Company may elect to file and pursue claims which arise from or relate to the Participant s actual or threatened breaches of this Section in state or federal court of competent jurisdiction. The Participant shall be liable to pay all costs, including reasonable attorneys and experts fees and expenses, that the Company and or its Affiliates may incur in 
 11 

enforcing or defending this Section, whether or not litigation is actually commenced and including litigation of any appeal taken or defended by the Company and or its Affiliates where the Company and or its Affiliates succeed in enforcing any provision of this Section. 
 (viii) Forfeiture and Repayment Provisions . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Participant agrees that during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if as applicable), if the Participant breaches any of the terms or conditions in this Section, then in addition to all rights and remedies available to the Company and or its Affiliates at law and in equity, the Participant shall immediately forfeit any portion of the Award that has not otherwise been previously forfeited under the applicable terms of this Agreement and that has not yet been paid, exercised, settled, or vested. The Company and or its Affiliates may also require repayment from the Participant of any and all of the compensatory value of the Award that the Participant received during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, as applicable), including without limitation the gross amount of any Common Stock distribution or cash payment made to the Participant upon the vesting, distribution, exercise, or settlement of the Award and or any consideration in excess of such gross amounts received by the Participant upon the sale or transfer of the Common Stock acquired through vesting, distribution, exercise or settlement of the Award. The Participant shall promptly pay the full amount due upon demand by the Company and or its Affiliates, in the form of cash or shares of Common Stock at current Fair Market Value. 
 (ix) Waiver . The waiver of any breach of the terms of this Section shall not constitute the waiver of any other or further breach hereunder, whether or not of a like nature or kind. No waiver by the Company or any of its Affiliates of the breach of any term contained in a similar agreement between the Company and or any of its Affiliates and any other employee or participant, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or construed as, a waiver of the breach of any term of this Section. No waiver of any provision of this Section shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Company or one or more of its Affiliates. 
 (x) Interpretation . Any reference to Section or subsection in this Section 15 shall refer to this Section 15 or respective subsection. 
 16. Arbitration . In lieu of litigation by way of court or jury trial, any dispute or controversy arising hereunder shall be settled by arbitration, in accordance with the arbitration agreement currently in effect by separate agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates and which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event that such arbitration agreement is determined to be inapplicable or unenforceable or if no such arbitration agreement is then in effect, the parties mutually agree to arbitrate any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this paragraph. The parties agree that this Agreement provides sufficient consideration for that obligation and the mutual promises to arbitrate also constitutes consideration for this agreement to arbitrate. The following terms and conditions shall apply to such arbitration hereunder. The arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA Rules then in effect, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Judgment may be entered on the award of the arbitrator in any court having jurisdiction. Unless provided otherwise in the arbitrator s award, each party will pay its own attorneys fees and costs. To the extent required by law or the AAA Rules, all 
 12 

administrative costs of arbitration (including filing fees) and the fees of the arbitrator will be paid by the Company. The Participant and the Company waive the right for any dispute to be brought, heard, decided, or arbitrated as a class and or collective action (or joinder or consolidation with claims of any other person), and the parties agree that, regardless of anything else in this arbitration provision or the AAA Rules, the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of the class action waiver in this provision may only be determined by a court and not an arbitrator. Regardless of anything else in this Agreement, this arbitration provision may not be modified or terminated absent a writing signed by the Participant and the Company stating an intent to modify or terminate the arbitration provision. 
 17. Governing Law . Except as otherwise provided in the foregoing Section or an Appendix to this Agreement, this Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without application of its conflicts of laws principles. 
 18. Miscellaneous . This Agreement, together with the Plan, is the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the RSUs granted hereby and may not be amended except in a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant or his or her Representative. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, it shall be modified to the extent possible and minimally necessary to be enforceable, and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will be in full force and effect. 
 19. Forfeiture and Clawback of Award . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement and as a condition to the receipt of this Award, the rights, payments and benefits with respect to this Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this Award are subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment by the Company if and to the extent permitted by Section 15.3 of the Plan, required in accordance with Company policy as in effect from time to time Forfeiture and Clawback Policy ), and or as otherwise required by applicable law, rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or rule or listing requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) as in effect from time to time (collectively with the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy, Applicable Requirements in connection with an accounting restatement or under such other circumstances as specified in the Applicable Requirements. Any determination made and action taken under the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 
 20. Stock Holding Period . The Participant agrees to hold the shares of Common Stock acquired upon the conversion of the RSUs for a minimum of 12 months following the applicable Settlement Date. This holding period shall not apply to shares of Common Stock withheld by the Company to settle tax liabilities related to vesting and or settlement, and as otherwise may be provided under the Company s Stock Ownership Policy. 
 
 13 

Appendix I (Employees Whose Primary Residences are Located in California) 
 If the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California 
 1. Sections 15(c)(i) and (c)(ii) of the foregoing Agreement shall be replaced with the following 
 15(c)(i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees to the extent that the Participant uses or misuses Confidential Information (as the term is defined in this Section) to so solicit and or interfere. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). 
 15(c)(ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in its and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue or terminate Customer s patronage and or 
 14 

business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 2. Any claims relating to Section 15 of the Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 

15 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 7
 kmpr202212312022ex1036.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 

Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (Adjusted ROE) 
 This PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of this ______ day of __________________, 20__ Grant Date between KEMPER CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation Company ), and name Participant for an Award of performance share units PSUs ), each representing the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock Common Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 SIGNATURES 
 As of the date set forth above, the parties have accepted the terms of this Agreement by signing this Agreement by an electronic signature, and each party agrees that such signature shall not be denied legal effect, validity or enforceability solely because it was submitted or executed electronically. 
 KEMPER CORPORATION PARTICIPANT 
 By __________________________________ ____________________________________ 
 CEO Signature and Title name 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Board of Directors of the Company Board has adopted the Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan Plan ), including all amendments to date, to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board or any subcommittee thereof, or any other committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan Committee ). Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall be defined in accordance with the Plan. 
 B. The Plan authorizes the Committee to grant to selected Employees, Directors and Third Party Service Providers awards of various types, including performance share units providing the right to receive shares of Common Stock under specified terms and conditions. 
 C. Pursuant to the Plan, the Committee has determined that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to grant an Award of performance share units to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement as an inducement to remain in the service of the Company and an incentive for increased effort during such service. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Grant . The Company grants an aggregate of shares PSUs, which represent the Company s unfunded and unsecured promise to issue shares of Common Stock under certain circumstances to the Participant, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The PSUs shall not entitle the Participant to any rights of a shareholder of Common Stock and the Participant has no rights with respect to the Award other than rights as a general creditor of the Company. 
 2. Governing Plan . This Award is granted pursuant to the Plan, which is incorporated herein for all purposes. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, which controls in case of any conflict with this Agreement, except as 

otherwise provided for in the Plan. No amendment of the Plan shall adversely affect this Award in any material way without the written consent of the Participant. 
 3. Restrictions on Transfer . The PSUs shall be restricted during a period Restriction Period beginning on the Grant Date and expiring on the Settlement Date (as defined in Section 6 below). During the Restriction Period, neither this Agreement, the PSUs nor any rights and privileges granted hereby may be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way, whether by operation of the law or otherwise (any such disposition being referred to herein as a Transfer ), except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, no rights or privileges granted hereby may be Transferred during the Restriction Period to the spouse or former spouse of the Participant pursuant to any divorce proceedings, settlement or judgment, unless approved by the Committee. Any attempt to Transfer this Agreement, the PSUs or any other rights or privileges granted hereby contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and of no force or effect, and the Company shall not recognize or give effect to any such Transfer on its books and records or recognize the person to whom such purported Transfer has been made as the legal or beneficial holder of such PSUs. 
 4. Vesting and Forfeiture . The PSUs shall be subject to the terms concerning vesting and forfeiture set forth on Exhibit A to this Agreement and Section 11(b). 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . If a cash dividend is declared and paid by the Company with respect to the Common Stock during the Restriction Period, the Participant shall be eligible to receive a cash payment equal to the total cash dividend the Participant would have received had the PSUs and any Additional Shares granted to Participant pursuant to Exhibit A been actual shares of Common Stock held by the Participant during the Restriction Period, provided and to the extent that that the Participant vests in the PSUs and any such Additional Shares. Any such cash payment shall be made on the Settlement Date (as defined below) and it shall be subject to applicable withholding obligations as described in Section 8. 
 6. Conversion of PSUs Issuance of Common Stock . Except as otherwise provided in Section 10, the Company shall cause one share of Common Stock to be issued, within the time period provided below, for each PSU that is vesting and each Additional Share that is being issued on the applicable Vesting Date in accordance with Exhibit A. 
 Any issuance of Common Stock shall be subject to applicable tax withholding obligations as described in Section 8 and shall be in book-entry form, registered in the Participant s name (or in the name of the Participant s Representative, as the case may be). Except as otherwise provided in Section 10, in no event shall the date that Common Stock is issued to the Participant Settlement Date occur later than the first to occur of (a) March 15 th following the calendar year in which the Vesting Date occurred or (b) 90 days following the Vesting Date. 
 7. Fair Market Value of Common Stock . The fair market value Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be determined for purposes of this Agreement by reference to the closing price of a share of Common Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are primarily traded) for the applicable date, or if no prices are reported for that day, the last preceding day on which such prices are reported (or, if for any reason no such price is available, in such other manner as the Committee in its sole discretion may deem appropriate to reflect the fair market value thereof). 
 8. Withholding of Taxes . The Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the PSUs will result in the Participant being subject to payroll taxes upon the Vesting Date (if the Participant is an Employee or was an Employee on the Grant Date), except as otherwise 
 2 

determined by the Company and permitted by regulations issued under Section 3121(v)(2) of the Code, and that the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 will result in the Participant being subject to income taxes upon the Settlement Date. Upon a required withholding date, the Company will deduct from the shares of Common Stock that are otherwise due to be delivered to the Participant shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value not in excess of the tax withholding requirements based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Participant for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Participant s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction, and the Participant shall remit to the Company in cash any and all applicable withholding taxes that exceed the amount available to the Company using shares with respect to which the Settlement Date has occurred. 
 9. Section 409A . The Company intends that the Award hereunder shall either be exempt from the application of, or compliant with, the requirements of Section 409A and this Award Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in accordance with such intent. In no event shall the Company and or its Affiliates be liable for any tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on the Participant (or the Participant s estate) under Section 409A. 
 10. Shares to be Issued in Compliance with Federal Securities Laws and Other Rules . No shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of the PSUs shall be issued and delivered unless and until there shall have been full compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Act (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption conditions), all applicable listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) and any other requirements of law or of any regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery. The Company shall use its best efforts and take all necessary or appropriate actions to ensure that such full compliance on the part of the Company is made. By signing this Agreement, the Participant represents and warrants that none of the shares to be acquired in settlement of the PSUs will be acquired with a view towards any sale, transfer or distribution of said shares in violation of the Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any applicable blue sky laws, and that the Participant hereby agrees to indemnify the Company in the event of any violation by the Participant of such Act, rules, regulations or laws. The Company will use its best efforts to complete all actions necessary for such compliance so that settlement can occur within the period specified in Section 6 provided that if the Company reasonably anticipates that settlement within such period will cause a violation of applicable law, settlement may be delayed provided that settlement occurs at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that such settlement will not cause a violation of applicable law, all in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii). 
 11. Certain Adjustments Change in Control . 
 (a) If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any equity restructurings (within the meaning of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718) that causes the per share value of Shares to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin off, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, and similar matters, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an equitable adjustment to the number and kind of PSUs subject to the Award. If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any other changes in corporate capitalization, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an appropriate and equitable substitution, adjustment or treatment with respect to the PSUs in a manner consistent with Sections 4.3 and 21.2 of the Plan. The Committee s determination as to what adjustments shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional shares of PSUs shall be issued under the Plan on any such 
 3 

adjustment. This Award may be subject to early vesting or termination in connection with a Change in Control in accordance with the provisions of Section 20.3 of the Plan. 
 (b) In the event of a Change in Control as defined in Section 20.1(a) or (b) of the Plan, except as prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange requirements, if the Service of a Participant is terminated within the two (2)-year period following such Change in Control by the Company or an Affiliate for reasons other than Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, the payout opportunities attainable under all outstanding PSUs shall be deemed to have been fully earned based on the greater of (i) targeted performance, or (ii) actual performance being attained for a truncated Performance Period (as defined in Exhibit A) that ends on the date of the Change in Control. 
 (c) Definitions 
 (i) Cause means any of the following (1) the Participant s theft or falsification of any Company or Affiliate documents, records or property (2) the Participant s improper use or disclosure of the Company s or an Affiliate s confidential or proprietary information in breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct or an applicable contractual or other obligation, or using such information for personal gain including, without limitation, by trading in Company securities on the basis of material, non-public information (3) fraud, misappropriation of or intentional material damage to the property or business of the Company or an Affiliate or other action by the Participant which has a material detrimental effect on the Company s or an Affiliate s reputation or business as determined by the Committee (4) the Participant s material failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned and lawful duties after written notice from the Company or Affiliate of such failure or inability, and such failure or inability is not cured by the Participant within ten (10) business days (5) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any felony or any criminal violation involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, dishonesty, the misuse or misappropriation of money or other property or any other crime which has or would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the business or reputation of the Company or an Affiliate or (6) a material breach by the Participant of the policies and procedures of the Company or an Affiliate, including, but not limited to, any breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct and the requirements of Section 15. 
 (ii) Employer means the Company or Affiliate by which whom the Participant is employed, or to which whom the Participant provides services. 
 (iii) Good Reason means any action taken by the Employer which results in a material negative change to the Participant in the employment relationship, such as the duties to be performed, the conditions under which such duties are to be performed or the compensation to be received for performing such services. A termination by the Participant shall not constitute termination for Good Reason unless the Participant shall first have delivered to the Employer written notice setting forth with specificity the occurrence deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason (which notice must be given no later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such event), and there shall have passed a reasonable time (not less than thirty (30) days) within which the Employer may take action to correct, rescind or otherwise substantially reverse the occurrence supporting termination for Good Reason as identified by the Participant. 
 4 

12. Participation by Participant in Other Company Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect the right of the Participant to participate in and receive benefits under and in accordance with the then current provisions of any retirement plan or employee welfare benefit plan or program of the Company or of any Affiliate of the Company, subject in each case, to the terms and conditions of any such plan or program. 
 13. Not an Employment or Service Contract . Nothing herein contained shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates, expressed or implied, to employ or contract for the services of the Participant, to restrict the right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to discharge the Participant or cease contracting for the Participant s services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever, the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services which may exist between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 14. Death of the Participant . In the event of the Participant s death prior to the Settlement Date, delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 shall be made to the duly appointed and qualified executor or other personal representative of the Participant, to be distributed in accordance with the Participant s will or applicable intestacy law. 
 15. Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement . The Participant agrees that the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement is conditioned upon the Participant s compliance with the following confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement terms and conditions. 
 (a) Definitions . As used in this Section, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 (i) Confidential Information means any and all confidential information, including without limitation any negotiations or agreements between the Company or its Affiliates and third parties, business and marketing plans and related materials, training materials, financial information, plans, executive summaries, capitalization tables, budgets, unpublished financial statements, costs, prices, licenses, employee, customer, supplier, shareholder, partner or investor lists and or data, products, technology, know-how, business processes, business data, inventions, designs, patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, business models, notes, sketches, flow charts, formulas, blueprints and elements thereof, databases, compilations, and other intellectual property, whether written or otherwise. Some or all of the Confidential Information may also be entitled to protection as a trade secret under applicable state or federal law. Confidential Information does not include information that the Participant can prove was properly known to the Participant from sources permitted to disseminate the information prior to the Participant s employment by, or provision of services to, the Employer, or that has become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of the Participant. 
 (ii) Customer means any customer of the Company or an Affiliate with which whom the Participant had material communications, for which whom the Participant performed any services, to which whom the Participant sold any products, or about which whom the Participant learned or had access to any Confidential Information, in each case during the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Participant s termination of employment from, or provision of services to, the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 5 

(iii) Enhanced Restricted Period means the twenty-four (24)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iv) Restricted Employee means any person who was employed by the Company or an Affiliate and had Material Contact pursuant to the Participant s duties at any point during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Participant s last day of employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Section, Material Contact means interaction between the Participant and another employee of the Employer or an Affiliate (A) with whom the Participant actually dealt or interacted or (B) whose employment or dealings with the Employer or services for the Employer were directly or indirectly handled, coordinated, managed, or supervised by the Participant. 
 (v) Restricted Period means the twelve (12)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (b) Confidential Information . 
 (i) Protection of Confidential Information . At all times during the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer, and at all times thereafter, the Participant agrees to (A) hold the Confidential Information in strictest confidence, and not to directly or indirectly copy, distribute, disclose, divert, or disseminate, in whole or in part, any of such Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity except (x) to authorized agents of the Employer who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose for which it is disclosed, or (y) to other persons for the benefit of the Employer, in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with or service to the Employer and (B) refrain from directly or indirectly using the Confidential Information other than as necessary and as authorized in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer. In the event the Participant receives a subpoena or other validly issued administrative or judicial order demanding production or disclosure of Confidential Information, the Participant shall promptly notify the Employer and provide a copy of such subpoena or order and tender to the Employer the defense of any such demand. The Participant may, if necessary, disclose Confidential Information in judicial proceedings relating to the enforcement of the Participant s rights or obligations under this Agreement provided , however , that the Participant must first enter into an agreed protective order with the Employer protecting the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the Participant s confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations under this Agreement or otherwise, as provided in the Federal Defend Trade Secret Act, the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or to the Participant s attorney in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a 
 6 

suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. The Participant understands and acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating with or reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or making other disclosures or statements that are protected under the whistleblower, collective bargaining, anti-discrimination and or anti-retaliation provisions of federal or state law or regulation. The Participant understands that the Participant does not need prior authorization of the Employer to make any such reports or disclosures, and that the Participant is not required to notify the Employer that the Participant has made such reports or disclosures. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation . 
 (i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, seek to recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(i) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have 
 7 

invested in their and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue, or terminate Customer s or Key Business Partner s patronage and or business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. In addition to the foregoing restrictions, the Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Enhanced Restricted Period, the Participant shall not be personally involved in the negotiation, competition for, solicitation or execution of any individual book roll over(s) or other book of business transfer arrangements involving the transfer of business away from the Company or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(ii) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (d) Notification to New Employers . During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall notify any subsequent employer of the Participant s obligations under this Section prior to commencing employment. In addition, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall provide the Employer and his her prior manager at the Employer fourteen (14) days advance written notice prior to becoming employed by, or retained to represent or provide services to, any person or entity or engaging in any business of any type or form, with such notice including the identity of the prospective employer or business, the specific division (if applicable) for which the Participant will be performing services, the title or position to be assumed by the Participant, the physical location of the position to be assumed by the Participant, and the responsibilities of the position to be assumed by the Participant. The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and or any of its Affiliates, at their discretion, to contact the Participant s prospective or subsequent employers and inform them of this Section or any other policy or employment agreement between the Participant and the Company and or its Affiliates that may be in effect at the termination of the Participant s employment with the Employer. 
 (e) Non-Disparagement . During the term of Participant s employment and for the two (2)-year period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason), the Participant shall not make or intentionally cause or direct others to make any written or oral statement that disparages or otherwise are slanderous, libelous, or defamatory towards the Company or its Affiliates, or their 
 8 

respective business relations. Without in any way limiting the scope or effect of the preceding sentence, the Participant specifically agrees, represents and warrants that the Participant shall not directly or indirectly disparage the Company s and or its Affiliates (i) officers, management, business practices, policies, procedures and or operations, (ii) employees or other personnel, employment or other personnel-related decisions, staffing, and or hiring or termination decisions, practices or other personnel-related activities or occurrences, and or any other employment-related decisions, actions or practices by or relating to the Company or the Affiliates, or (iii) any other policies, procedures or matters concerning or relating to the Company, including but not limited to the Company s business, operations, employees, management, Customers, suppliers, activities, products, services or any other matter relating to the Company or its Affiliates provided that this non-disparagement provision shall not prohibit any statement, reporting or other action this is permitted by subsection (b)(ii) of this Section. Moreover, unless permitted by applicable law, and subject to subsection (b)(ii) of this Section, the Participant shall not encourage or aid any person or entity in the pursuit of any cause of action, lawsuit or any other claim or dispute of any kind against the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 (f) Consideration Reasonableness of Restrictions . 
 (i) Consideration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received valuable and adequate consideration in exchange for the restrictions in this Section, including but not limited to the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement, offer of employment or continued employment with the Employer, training and continued training, access to the Confidential Information, and access to the Customers and Key Business Partners. 
 (ii) Reasonableness of Restrictions . The Participant understands and acknowledges the importance of the relationships which the Company and its Affiliates have with their Employees, Customers and Key Business Partners, as well as how significant the maintenance of the Confidential Information is to the business and success of the Company and its Affiliates, and acknowledges the steps the Company and its Affiliates have taken, are taking and will continue to take to develop, preserve and protect these relationships and the Confidential Information. Accordingly, the Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions and limitations described in this Section are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates, and the Participant agrees and acknowledges that all restrictions and limitations relating to the period following the end of the Participant s employment or service with the Employer will apply regardless of the reason the Participant s employment or service ends. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the enforcement of this Section will not in any way preclude the Participant from becoming gainfully employed or engaged as a contractor in such manner and to such extent as to provide the Participant with an adequate standard of living. 
 (iii) Participant s Notice to Consult An Attorney . The Company hereby advises the Participant to consult with an attorney (chosen by the Participant and at the Participant s cost) prior to signing this Agreement, including with respect to the non-solicitation provisions and other restrictive covenants contained in this Section. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of this notice by the Company. 
 9 

(iv) Review Period . The Participant has at least fourteen (14) calendar days to review this Agreement before agreeing to its terms (although the Participant may elect to voluntarily sign it before the end of this review period). 
 (v) Tolling . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participant breaches any of the non-solicitation restrictions in Section 15(c), then the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if applicable) shall be tolled (retroactive to the date such breach commenced) until such breach or violation has been duly cured. 
 (vi) Modification . If any provision or term in this Section is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid and unenforceable portion shall be reformed to the maximum time, activity-related restrictions and or limitations permitted by applicable law, so as to be valid and enforceable. If any such provision cannot be made valid and enforceable, it shall be severed from this Agreement without affecting the remainder of this Agreement. 
 (vii) Breach Remedies . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the breach of this Section would cause substantial loss to the goodwill of the Company and or its Affiliates, and cause irreparable harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Further, because the Participant s employment with the Employer is personal and unique, because damages alone would not be an adequate remedy and because of the Participant s access to the Confidential Information, the Company and or its Affiliates shall have the right to enforce this Section, including any of its provisions, by injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, without having to post bond or prove actual damages, and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that the Company and or its Affiliates may have for a breach of this Section, including, without limitation, money damages. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that notwithstanding the arbitration provisions in this Agreement, the Company may elect to file and pursue claims which arise from or relate to the Participant s actual or threatened breaches of this Section in state or federal court of competent jurisdiction. The Participant shall be liable to pay all costs, including reasonable attorneys and experts fees and expenses, that the Company and or its Affiliates may incur in enforcing or defending this Section, whether or not litigation is actually commenced and including litigation of any appeal taken or defended by the Company and or its Affiliates where the Company and or its Affiliates succeed in enforcing any provision of this Section. 
 (viii) Forfeiture and Repayment Provisions . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Participant agrees that during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if as applicable), if the Participant breaches any of the terms or conditions in this Section, then in addition to all rights and remedies available to the Company and or its Affiliates at law and in equity, the Participant shall immediately forfeit any portion of the Award that has not otherwise been previously forfeited under the applicable terms of this Agreement and that has not yet been paid, exercised, settled, or vested. The Company and or its Affiliates may also require repayment from the Participant of any and all of the compensatory value of the Award that the Participant received during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, as applicable), including without limitation the gross amount of any Common Stock 
 10 

distribution or cash payment made to the Participant upon the vesting, distribution, exercise, or settlement of the Award and or any consideration in excess of such gross amounts received by the Participant upon the sale or transfer of the Common Stock acquired through vesting, distribution, exercise or settlement of the Award. The Participant shall promptly pay the full amount due upon demand by the Company and or its Affiliates, in the form of cash or shares of Common Stock at current Fair Market Value. 
 (ix) Waiver . The waiver of any breach of the terms of this Section shall not constitute the waiver of any other or further breach hereunder, whether or not of a like nature or kind. No waiver by the Company or any of its Affiliates of the breach of any term contained in a similar agreement between the Company and or any of its Affiliates and any other employee or participant, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or construed as, a waiver of the breach of any term of this Section. No waiver of any provision of this Section shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Company or one or more of its Affiliates. 
 (x) Interpretation . Any reference to Section or subsection in this Section 15 shall refer to this Section 15 or respective subsection. 
 16. Arbitration . In lieu of litigation by way of court or jury trial, any dispute or controversy arising hereunder shall be settled by arbitration, in accordance with the arbitration agreement currently in effect by separate agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates and which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event that such arbitration agreement is determined to be inapplicable or unenforceable or if no such arbitration agreement is then in effect, the parties mutually agree to arbitrate any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this paragraph. The parties agree that this Agreement provides sufficient consideration for that obligation and the mutual promises to arbitrate also constitutes consideration for this agreement to arbitrate. The following terms and conditions shall apply to such arbitration hereunder. The arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA Rules then in effect, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Judgment may be entered on the award of the arbitrator in any court having jurisdiction. Unless provided otherwise in the arbitrator s award, each party will pay its own attorneys fees and costs. To the extent required by law or the AAA Rules, all administrative costs of arbitration (including filing fees) and the fees of the arbitrator will be paid by the Company. The Participant and the Company waive the right for any dispute to be brought, heard, decided, or arbitrated as a class and or collective action (or joinder or consolidation with claims of any other person), and the parties agree that, regardless of anything else in this arbitration provision or the AAA Rules, the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of the class action waiver in this provision may only be determined by a court and not an arbitrator. Regardless of anything else in this Agreement, this arbitration provision may not be modified or terminated absent a writing signed by the Participant and the Company stating an intent to modify or terminate the arbitration provision. 
 17. Governing Law . Except as otherwise provided in the foregoing Section or an Appendix to this Agreement, this Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without application of its conflicts of laws principles. 
 18. Miscellaneous . This Agreement, together with the Plan, is the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the PSUs granted hereby and may not be amended except in a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant or his or her Representative. If any 
 11 

provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, it shall be modified to the extent possible and minimally necessary to be enforceable, and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will be in full force and effect. 
 19. Forfeiture and Clawback of Award . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement and as a condition to the receipt of this Award, the rights, payments and benefits with respect to this Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this Award are subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment by the Company if and to the extent permitted by Section 15.3 of the Plan, required in accordance with Company policy as in effect from time to time Forfeiture and Clawback Policy ), and or as otherwise required by applicable law, rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or rule or listing requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) as in effect from time to time (collectively with the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy, Applicable Requirements in connection with an accounting restatement or under such other circumstances as specified in the Applicable Requirements. Any determination made and action taken under the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 
 20. Stock Holding Period . The Participant agrees to hold the shares of Common Stock acquired upon the conversion of the PSUs for a minimum of 12 months following their Settlement Date. This holding period shall not apply to shares of Common Stock withheld by the Company to settle tax liabilities related to vesting and or settlement, and as otherwise may be provided under the Company s Stock Ownership Policy. 
 12 

EXHIBIT A 
 Vesting Schedule Based on Operational Metric 
 A. Definition of Terms 
 Additional Shares means any shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Participant on the Vesting Date in the event that the Company s Operational Performance Results exceed the Target Performance Level. 
 Award Agreement means the Performance Share Unit Award Agreement to which this Exhibit is a part, pursuant to which an award of PSUs has been granted. 
 Cause is defined in Section 11(c) of the Award Agreement. 
 Disability means that the Participant either (A) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months and, with respect to a Participant who is an Employee, is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan e.g. , a long term disability plan) covering Employees of the Company or Affiliate that employs the Participant or (B) is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board. 
 Grant Date is defined in the first paragraph of the Award Agreement. 
 Operational Performance Results means the Company s Adjusted Return on Equity as defined in Section C below and certified by the Committee for the Performance Period. 
 Performance Period means the three-year period starting on January 1 of the calendar year in which the Grant Date occurs Start Date and ending on the December 31 immediately preceding the three-year anniversary of the Start Date. 
 Retirement Eligible means that the Participant has either attained age 55 and completed 10 years of Service as an Employee or attained age 60 and completed five years of Service as an Employee. 
 Separation from Service has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 409A. 
 Service means the period during which the Participant is an Employee, Director or a Third Party Service Provider provided, however, that the Participant will not be deemed to be in service after the Company divests its control in the Affiliate for which the Participant is exclusively in Service, or if the Company s control of such Affiliate otherwise ceases. 
 Target Units means one hundred percent (100 of the total number of PSUs granted on the Grant Date, as specified in Section 1 of the Award Agreement. 
 Vesting Date means the date that the Committee certifies the Operational Performance Results, except as otherwise provided in Section E below. 
 B. Determination of Vesting Date Events 
 As soon as practicable following the end of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the Company s Operational Performance Results in accordance with the 
 13 

methodology described in the next section below. The Company s Operational Performance Results will determine the number of Target Units that will vest or be forfeited on the Vesting Date, and the number of Additional Shares, if any, that will be issued to the Participant on the Vesting Date, as described below under Vesting Determination. 
 C. Operational Performance Calculation Methodology 
 The following table shows the Maximum, Target and Threshold Performance Levels for the Company s Operational Performance Results 
 Level of Achievement for Performance Period Operational Performance Results Total PSUs to Vest (and or Additional Shares to be Granted) on Vesting Date as Percentage of Target Units 
 Maximum 10.0 
 200 
 Target 8.5 
 100 
 Threshold 7.0 
 50 
 Below Threshold Under 7.0 
 0 
 
 At the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the Company s Operational Performance Results in accordance with the formula and methods described below. For performance that falls between the percentage points specified in the second column of the above table, the total PSUs to vest and or Additional Shares to be granted shall be interpolated on a straight-line basis. 
 Formula for Calculating Operational Performance Results 
 For purposes of this Exhibit, the Operational Performance Results for the Company will be calculated as follows 
 Adjusted Return on Equity shall be computed by dividing the sum of Adjusted Net Income for each of the three years in the Performance Period by the sum of the Adjusted Average Shareholders Equity for each of the three years. 
 Adjusted Net Income is defined as Net Income as reported in the Company s financial statements for the respective year, adjusted to take into account the after-tax impacts of the following items, to the extent the Committee deems them not indicative of the Company s core operating performance 
 (i) adjust the amount of Actual CAT Losses and LAE to equal Expected CAT Losses 
 14 

(ii) adjust Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments and Net Impairment Losses Recognized in Earnings to equal Expected Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments and Expected Net Impairment Losses Recognized in Earnings 
 (iii) significant unusual judgments or settlements in connection with the Company s legal contingencies or benefit plans and 
 (iv) additional significant unusual or nonrecurring items as permitted by the Plan. 
 Adjusted Average Shareholders Equity is defined as the simple average of Total Shareholders Equity as reported in the Company s financial statements for the beginning and end of year for each year in the Performance Period, adjusted to take into account the after-tax impacts of the following items, to the extent the Committee deems them not indicative of the Company s core operating performance 
 (i) Unrealized Gains and Losses on Fixed Maturity Securities from Adjusted Shareholders Equity 
 (ii) the modifications made in calculating Adjusted Net Income and 
 (iii) additional significant unusual or nonrecurring items as permitted by the Plan. 
 Actual CAT Losses and LAE means the actual Catastrophe Losses and associated Loss Adjustment Expenses, including catastrophe reserve development, as reported in the Management Reports. 
 Expected CAT Losses, Expected Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments, and Expected Net Impairment Losses Recognized in Earnings means the amounts specified in the Management Reports as Planned or Expected for, respectively, (A) Catastrophe Losses and associated Loss Adjustment Expenses, including catastrophe reserve development, (B) Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments, and (C) Net Impairment Losses Recognized in Earnings. 
 Management Reports means the Hyperion reports, or their reporting equivalent, prepared by the Company for the relevant Plan Year or other time period. 
 Unrealized Gains and Losses on Fixed Maturity Securities means the Unrealized Gains and Losses on Fixed Maturity Securities as reported in the Management Reports. 
 D. Vesting Determination 
 Except as otherwise provided in Section E, the PSUs held by the Participant will vest, to the extent earned for the Performance Period, and Additional Shares, if any, will be issued to the Participant, on the Vesting Date only if the Participant has not had a Separation from Service prior to such date. 
 Once the Company s Operational Performance Results are determined by the Committee, the Company will confirm the number of Target Units that will vest or be forfeited on the Vesting Date, and the number of Additional Shares, if any, that will be issued to the Participant on the Vesting Date consistent with the following provisions 
 If the Company s Operational Performance Results are at or above the Target Performance Level, 100 of the Target Units will vest on the Vesting Date. If the Company s Operational Performance Results are above the Target Performance Level, Additional Shares will also be issued to the Participant on the Vesting Date. If the 
 15 

Company s Operational Performance Results are less than the Target Performance Level, some or all of the Target Units will be forfeited. 
 The number of the Target Units that will vest on the Vesting Date, and the number of any Additional Shares that will be issued to the Participant on the Vesting Date, will be determined in accordance with the table set forth in Section C above. Any Target Units that do not vest in accordance with the table will be forfeited on the Vesting Date. 
 E. Determination of Vesting in Case of Certain Terminations and Other Events 
 Notwithstanding any contrary provisions of the Plan 
 (1) Retirement Eligible . (a) Except as otherwise provided in Section (1)(b) or in another subsection of this Section E, if the Participant is Retirement Eligible, any PSUs that will vest and Additional Shares that will be issued on the Vesting Date will be based on the extent earned for the Performance Period as determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections A D above, and then reduced pro-rata by multiplying any such PSUs and Additional Shares by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months in the Performance Period during which the Participant was actively in Service, and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the Performance Period. A partial month worked shall be counted as a full month if the Participant was actively working for 15 or more days in that month. All PSUs that do not vest in accordance with this provision shall be forfeited. 
 (b) If, on or prior to the last day of the Performance Period, the Participant is Retirement Eligible and either (i) becomes an employee of a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engages in any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or (ii) the Participant s Service is terminated, or is deemed to be terminated, for Cause, then any of the PSUs that are restricted on the date of such employment, activity or termination shall be forfeited to the Company. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a Participant s Service shall be deemed terminated for Cause if the Participant resigns or is terminated and the Committee determines in good faith, either before, at the time of, or after such termination, that one or more of the events or actions described in the definition of Cause in Section 11(c) of the Award Agreement existed as of the time of such termination. 
 (2) Termination on Death or Disability . The Vesting Date shall be the date of the Participant s death or Disability if the Participant dies or becomes Disabled prior to the three-year anniversary of the Grant Date (i) while in Service or (ii) after terminating Service if the Participant (A) was Retirement Eligible on the date of such termination of Service for a reason other than Cause, and (B) had not, at any time prior to the date of the Participant s death or Disability, become an employee of a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engaged in any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. On such Vesting Date (a) the Performance Period shall be deemed to have been completed (b) a number of PSUs shall vest in an amount equal to the number of Target Units multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months in the Performance Period during which the Participant was actively in Service, and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the original Performance Period (a partial month worked shall be counted as a full month if the Participant was actively in Service for 15 or more days in that month) (c) no Additional Shares shall be issued to the Participant and (d) all PSUs that do not vest in accordance with this provision shall be forfeited. 
 (3) Termination on Divestiture . Except as otherwise provided below or in another subsection of this Section E, in the event that, prior to the three-year anniversary of the Grant 
 16 

Date, the Participant is no longer employed by the Company or an Affiliate as a result of the Company s divestiture of the business for which the Participant primarily performed services or its controlling interest in the Affiliate for which the Participant was exclusively in Service, or other cessation of the Company s control of such Affiliate, the following terms shall apply. Any PSUs that will vest and Additional Shares that will be issued on the Vesting Date will be based on the extent earned for the Performance Period as determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections A D above, and then reduced pro-rata by multiplying the number of any such PSUs and Additional Shares by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months in the Performance Period during which the Participant was actively in Service, and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the Performance Period. A partial month worked shall be counted as a full month if the Participant was actively working for 15 or more days in that month. All PSUs that do not vest in accordance with this provision shall be forfeited. 
 (4) Other Termination of Service . If the Participant ceases to be in Service prior to the Vesting Date (including, without limitation, by reason of a divestiture or cessation of control of an Affiliate), and is not Retirement Eligible or subject to a divestiture, under circumstances other than those set forth in the foregoing subsections (1) (3) of this Section E or Section 11(b) of the Award Agreement, all unvested PSUs held by the Participant shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of such cessation of Service, and no Additional Shares shall be issued to the Participant. 
 (5) Leave of Absence . In the event that the Participant is on an approved Leave of Absence (other than a short-term disability or Family and Medical Leave Act leave) at the end of the Performance Period or takes such a Leave of Absence at any time during the Performance Period, then the PSUs will vest, forfeit or be granted, as applicable, to the extent earned for the Performance Period, in an amount equal to the number of Target Units that would vest and the number of Additional Shares that would be issued in accordance with the provisions of Sections A D above, if any, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months in the Performance Period during which the Participant was an active Employee not on such Leave of Absence and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the Performance Period. 
 F. Interpretations Related to Calculations and Determinations Related to Performance 
 (1) Interpretations . The Committee shall have the reasonable discretion to interpret or construe ambiguous, unclear or implied terms applicable to this Agreement, and to make any findings of fact necessary to make a calculation or determination hereunder. 
 (2) Disagreements . A decision made in good faith by the Committee or the Company shall govern and be binding in the event of any dispute regarding a method of calculation of performance or a determination of vesting or forfeiture in connection with this Award. 
 (3) Method of Calculating Final Number of Vested or Forfeited PSUs . The number of PSUs that will vest or be forfeited and any Additional Shares that will be issued on the Vesting Date pursuant to Section D above for performance that falls between the percentage points specified in the second column of the table in Section C above shall be interpolated on a straight-line basis. 
 17 

(4) Rounding Conventions. 
 Regarding rounding of results, percentages shall be computed to one decimal point (i.e., XX.X ). 
 Target Units that will vest and any Additional Shares that will be issued from the application of the methods in the foregoing subsection F(3) and Section D above shall only be paid out in whole shares of Common Stock. Any fractional shares that would otherwise result from such application shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares. 
 
 18 

Appendix I (Employees Whose Primary Residences are Located in California) 
 If the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California 
 1. Sections 15(c)(i) and (c)(ii) of the foregoing Agreement shall be replaced with the following 
 15(c)(i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees to the extent that the Participant uses or misuses Confidential Information (as the term is defined in this Section) to so solicit and or interfere. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). 
 15(c)(ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in its and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue or terminate Customer s patronage and or 
 19 

business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 2. Any claims relating to Section 15 of the Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 

20 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 8
 kmpr202212312022ex1037.htm
 EX-10.37

Document 

Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (Relative TSR) 
 This PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of this ______ day of ________________, 20__ Grant Date between KEMPER CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation Company ), and name Participant for an Award of performance share units PSUs ), each representing the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock Common Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 SIGNATURES 
 As of the date set forth above, the parties have accepted the terms of this Agreement by signing this Agreement by an electronic signature, and each party agrees that such signature shall not be denied legal effect, validity or enforceability solely because it was submitted or executed electronically. 
 KEMPER CORPORATION PARTICIPANT 
 By ___________________________________ ____________________________________ 
 CEO Signature and Title name 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Board of Directors of the Company Board has adopted the Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan Plan ), including all amendments to date, to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board or any subcommittee thereof, or any other committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan Committee ). Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall be defined in accordance with the Plan. 
 B. The Plan authorizes the Committee to grant to selected Employees, Directors and Third Party Service Providers awards of various types, including performance share units providing the right to receive shares of Common Stock under specified terms and conditions. 
 C. Pursuant to the Plan, the Committee has determined that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to grant an Award of performance share units to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement as an inducement to remain in the service of the Company and an incentive for increased effort during such service. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Grant . The Company grants an aggregate of shares PSUs, which represent the Company s unfunded and unsecured promise to issue shares of Common Stock under certain circumstances to the Participant, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The PSUs shall not entitle the Participant to any rights of a shareholder of Common Stock and the Participant has no rights with respect to the Award other than rights as a general creditor of the Company. 
 2. Governing Plan . This Award is granted pursuant to the Plan, which is incorporated herein for all purposes. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, which controls in case of any conflict with this Agreement, except as 

otherwise provided for in the Plan. No amendment of the Plan shall adversely affect this Award in any material way without the written consent of the Participant. 
 3. Restrictions on Transfer . The PSUs shall be restricted during a period Restriction Period beginning on the Grant Date and expiring on the Settlement Date (as defined in Section 6 below). During the Restriction Period, neither this Agreement, the PSUs nor any rights and privileges granted hereby may be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way, whether by operation of the law or otherwise (any such disposition being referred to herein as a Transfer ), except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, no rights or privileges granted hereby may be Transferred during the Restriction Period to the spouse or former spouse of the Participant pursuant to any divorce proceedings, settlement or judgment, unless approved by the Committee. Any attempt to Transfer this Agreement, the PSUs or any other rights or privileges granted hereby contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and of no force or effect, and the Company shall not recognize or give effect to any such Transfer on its books and records or recognize the person to whom such purported Transfer has been made as the legal or beneficial holder of such PSUs. 
 4. Vesting and Forfeiture . The PSUs shall be subject to the terms concerning vesting and forfeiture set forth on Exhibit A to this Agreement and Section 11(b). 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . If a cash dividend is declared and paid by the Company with respect to the Common Stock during the Restriction Period, the Participant shall be eligible to receive a cash payment equal to the total cash dividend the Participant would have received had the PSUs and any Additional Shares granted to Participant pursuant to Exhibit A been actual shares of Common Stock held by the Participant during the Restriction Period, provided and to the extent that that the Participant vests in the PSUs and any such Additional Shares. Any such cash payment shall be made on the Settlement Date (as defined below) and it shall be subject to applicable withholding obligations as described in Section 8. 
 6. Conversion of PSUs Issuance of Common Stock . Except as otherwise provided in Section 10, the Company shall cause one share of Common Stock to be issued, within the time period provided below, for each PSU that is vesting and each Additional Share that is being issued on the applicable Vesting Date in accordance with Exhibit A. 
 Any issuance of Common Stock shall be subject to applicable tax withholding obligations as described in Section 8 and shall be in book-entry form, registered in the Participant s name (or in the name of the Participant s Representative, as the case may be). Except as otherwise provided in Section 10, in no event shall the date that Common Stock is issued to the Participant Settlement Date occur later than the first to occur of (a) March 15 th following the calendar year in which the Vesting Date occurred or (b) 90 days following the Vesting Date. 
 7. Fair Market Value of Common Stock . The fair market value Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be determined for purposes of this Agreement by reference to the closing price of a share of Common Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are primarily traded) for the applicable date, or if no prices are reported for that day, the last preceding day on which such prices are reported (or, if for any reason no such price is available, in such other manner as the Committee in its sole discretion may deem appropriate to reflect the fair market value thereof). 
 8. Withholding of Taxes . The Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the PSUs will result in the Participant being subject to payroll taxes upon the Vesting Date (if the Participant is an Employee or was an Employee on the Grant Date), except as otherwise 
 2 

determined by the Company and permitted by regulations issued under Section 3121(v)(2) of the Code, and that the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 will result in the Participant being subject to income taxes upon the Settlement Date. Upon a required withholding date, the Company will deduct from the shares of Common Stock that are otherwise due to be delivered to the Participant shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value not in excess of the tax withholding requirements based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Participant for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Participant s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction, and the Participant shall remit to the Company in cash any and all applicable withholding taxes that exceed the amount available to the Company using shares with respect to which the Settlement Date has occurred. 
 9. Section 409A . The Company intends that the Award hereunder shall either be exempt from the application of, or compliant with, the requirements of Section 409A and this Award Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in accordance with such intent. In no event shall the Company and or its Affiliates be liable for any tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on the Participant (or the Participant s estate) under Section 409A. 
 10. Shares to be Issued in Compliance with Federal Securities Laws and Other Rules . No shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of the PSUs shall be issued and delivered unless and until there shall have been full compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Act (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption conditions), all applicable listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) and any other requirements of law or of any regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery. The Company shall use its best efforts and take all necessary or appropriate actions to ensure that such full compliance on the part of the Company is made. By signing this Agreement, the Participant represents and warrants that none of the shares to be acquired in settlement of the PSUs will be acquired with a view towards any sale, transfer or distribution of said shares in violation of the Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any applicable blue sky laws, and that the Participant hereby agrees to indemnify the Company in the event of any violation by the Participant of such Act, rules, regulations or laws. The Company will use its best efforts to complete all actions necessary for such compliance so that settlement can occur within the period specified in Section 6 provided that if the Company reasonably anticipates that settlement within such period will cause a violation of applicable law, settlement may be delayed provided that settlement occurs at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that such settlement will not cause a violation of applicable law, all in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii). 
 11. Certain Adjustments Change in Control . 
 (a) If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any equity restructurings (within the meaning of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718) that causes the per share value of Shares to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin off, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, and similar matters, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an equitable adjustment to the number and kind of PSUs subject to the Award. If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any other changes in corporate capitalization, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an appropriate and equitable substitution, adjustment or treatment with respect to the PSUs in a manner consistent with Sections 4.3 and 21.2 of the Plan. The Committee s determination as to what adjustments shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional shares of PSUs shall be issued under the Plan on any such 
 3 

adjustment. This Award may be subject to early vesting or termination in connection with a Change in Control in accordance with the provisions of Section 20.3 of the Plan. 
 (b) In the event of a Change in Control as defined in Section 20.1(a) or (b) of the Plan, except as prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange requirements, if the Service of a Participant is terminated within the two (2)-year period following such Change in Control by the Company or an Affiliate for reasons other than Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, the payout opportunities attainable under all outstanding PSUs shall be deemed to have been fully earned based on the greater of (i) targeted performance, or (ii) actual performance being attained for a truncated Performance Period (as defined in Exhibit A) that ends on the date of the Change in Control. 
 (c) Definitions 
 (i) Cause means any of the following (1) the Participant s theft or falsification of any Company or Affiliate documents, records or property (2) the Participant s improper use or disclosure of the Company s or an Affiliate s confidential or proprietary information in breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct or an applicable contractual or other obligation, or using such information for personal gain including, without limitation, by trading in Company securities on the basis of material, non-public information (3) fraud, misappropriation of or intentional material damage to the property or business of the Company or an Affiliate or other action by the Participant which has a material detrimental effect on the Company s or an Affiliate s reputation or business as determined by the Committee (4) the Participant s material failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned and lawful duties after written notice from the Company or Affiliate of such failure or inability, and such failure or inability is not cured by the Participant within ten (10) business days (5) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any felony or any criminal violation involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, dishonesty, the misuse or misappropriation of money or other property or any other crime which has or would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the business or reputation of the Company or an Affiliate or (6) a material breach by the Participant of the policies and procedures of the Company or an Affiliate, including, but not limited to, any breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct and the requirements of Section 15. 
 (ii) Employer means the Company or Affiliate by which whom the Participant is employed, or to which whom the Participant provides services. 
 (iii) Good Reason means any action taken by the Employer which results in a material negative change to the Participant in the employment relationship, such as the duties to be performed, the conditions under which such duties are to be performed or the compensation to be received for performing such services. A termination by the Participant shall not constitute termination for Good Reason unless the Participant shall first have delivered to the Employer written notice setting forth with specificity the occurrence deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason (which notice must be given no later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such event), and there shall have passed a reasonable time (not less than thirty (30) days) within which the Employer may take action to correct, rescind or otherwise substantially reverse the occurrence supporting termination for Good Reason as identified by the Participant. 
 4 

12. Participation by Participant in Other Company Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect the right of the Participant to participate in and receive benefits under and in accordance with the then current provisions of any retirement plan or employee welfare benefit plan or program of the Company or of any Affiliate of the Company, subject in each case, to the terms and conditions of any such plan or program. 
 13. Not an Employment or Service Contract . Nothing herein contained shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates, expressed or implied, to employ or contract for the services of the Participant, to restrict the right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to discharge the Participant or cease contracting for the Participant s services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever, the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services which may exist between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 14. Death of the Participant . In the event of the Participant s death prior to the Settlement Date, delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 shall be made to the duly appointed and qualified executor or other personal representative of the Participant, to be distributed in accordance with the Participant s will or applicable intestacy law. 
 15. Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement . The Participant agrees that the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement is conditioned upon the Participant s compliance with the following confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement terms and conditions. 
 (a) Definitions . As used in this Section, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 (i) Confidential Information means any and all confidential information, including without limitation any negotiations or agreements between the Company or its Affiliates and third parties, business and marketing plans and related materials, training materials, financial information, plans, executive summaries, capitalization tables, budgets, unpublished financial statements, costs, prices, licenses, employee, customer, supplier, shareholder, partner or investor lists and or data, products, technology, know-how, business processes, business data, inventions, designs, patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, business models, notes, sketches, flow charts, formulas, blueprints and elements thereof, databases, compilations, and other intellectual property, whether written or otherwise. Some or all of the Confidential Information may also be entitled to protection as a trade secret under applicable state or federal law. Confidential Information does not include information that the Participant can prove was properly known to the Participant from sources permitted to disseminate the information prior to the Participant s employment by, or provision of services to, the Employer, or that has become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of the Participant. 
 (ii) Customer means any customer of the Company or an Affiliate with which whom the Participant had material communications for which whom the Participant performed any services, to which whom the Participant sold any products, or about which whom the Participant learned or had access to any Confidential Information, in each case during the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Participant s termination of employment from, or provision of services to, the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 5 

(iii) Enhanced Restricted Period means the twenty-four (24)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iv) Restricted Employee means any person who was employed by the Company or an Affiliate and had Material Contact pursuant to the Participant s duties at any point during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Participant s last day of employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Section, Material Contact means interaction between the Participant and another employee of the Employer or an Affiliate (A) with whom the Participant actually dealt or interacted or (B) whose employment or dealings with the Employer or services for the Employer were directly or indirectly handled, coordinated, managed, or supervised by the Participant. 
 (v) Restricted Period means the twelve (12)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (b) Confidential Information . 
 (i) Protection of Confidential Information . At all times during the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer, and at all times thereafter, the Participant agrees to (A) hold the Confidential Information in strictest confidence, and not to directly or indirectly copy, distribute, disclose, divert, or disseminate, in whole or in part, any of such Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity except (x) to authorized agents of the Employer who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose for which it is disclosed, or (y) to other persons for the benefit of the Employer, in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with or service to the Employer and (B) refrain from directly or indirectly using the Confidential Information other than as necessary and as authorized in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer. In the event the Participant receives a subpoena or other validly issued administrative or judicial order demanding production or disclosure of Confidential Information, the Participant shall promptly notify the Employer and provide a copy of such subpoena or order and tender to the Employer the defense of any such demand. The Participant may, if necessary, disclose Confidential Information in judicial proceedings relating to the enforcement of the Participant s rights or obligations under this Agreement provided , however , that the Participant must first enter into an agreed protective order with the Employer protecting the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the Participant s confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations under this Agreement or otherwise, as provided in the Federal Defend Trade Secret Act, the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or to the Participant s attorney in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a 
 6 

suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. The Participant understands and acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating with or reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or making other disclosures or statements that are protected under the whistleblower, collective bargaining, anti-discrimination and or anti-retaliation provisions of federal or state law or regulation. The Participant understands that the Participant does not need prior authorization of the Employer to make any such reports or disclosures, and that the Participant is not required to notify the Employer that the Participant has made such reports or disclosures. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation . 
 (i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, seek to recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(i) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have 
 7 

invested in their and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue, or terminate Customer s or Key Business Partner s patronage and or business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. In addition to the foregoing restrictions, the Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Enhanced Restricted Period, the Participant shall not be personally involved in the negotiation, competition for, solicitation or execution of any individual book roll over(s) or other book of business transfer arrangements involving the transfer of business away from the Company or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(ii) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (d) Notification to New Employers . During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall notify any subsequent employer of the Participant s obligations under this Section prior to commencing employment. In addition, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall provide the Employer and his her prior manager at the Employer fourteen (14) days advance written notice prior to becoming employed by, or retained to represent or provide services to, any person or entity or engaging in any business of any type or form, with such notice including the identity of the prospective employer or business, the specific division (if applicable) for which the Participant will be performing services, the title or position to be assumed by the Participant, the physical location of the position to be assumed by the Participant, and the responsibilities of the position to be assumed by the Participant. The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and or any of its Affiliates, at their discretion, to contact the Participant s prospective or subsequent employers and inform them of this Section or any other policy or employment agreement between the Participant and the Company and or its Affiliates that may be in effect at the termination of the Participant s employment with the Employer. 
 (e) Non-Disparagement . During the term of Participant s employment and for the two (2)-year period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by the Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason), the Participant shall not make or intentionally cause or direct others to make any written or oral statement that disparages or otherwise are slanderous, libelous, or defamatory towards on the 
 8 

Company or its Affiliates, or their respective business relations. Without in any way limiting the scope or effect of the preceding sentence, the Participant specifically agrees, represents and warrants that the Participant shall not directly or indirectly disparage the Company s and or its Affiliates (i) officers, management, business practices, policies, procedures and or operations, (ii) employees or other personnel, employment or other personnel-related decisions, staffing, and or hiring or termination decisions, practices or other personnel-related activities or occurrences, and or any other employment-related decisions, actions or practices by or relating to the Company or the Affiliates, or (iii) any other policies, procedures or matters concerning or relating to the Company, including but not limited to the Company s business, operations, employees, management, Customers, suppliers, activities, products, services or any other matter relating to the Company or its Affiliates provided that this non-disparagement provision shall not prohibit any statement, reporting or other action this is permitted by subsection (b)(ii) of this Section. Moreover, unless permitted by applicable law, and subject to subsection (b)(ii) of this Section, the Participant shall not encourage or aid any person or entity in the pursuit of any cause of action, lawsuit or any other claim or dispute of any kind against the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 (f) Consideration Reasonableness of Restrictions . 
 (i) Consideration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received valuable and adequate consideration in exchange for the restrictions in this Section, including but not limited to the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement, offer of employment or continued employment with the Employer, training and continued training, access to the Confidential Information, and access to the Customers and Key Business Partners. 
 (ii) Reasonableness of Restrictions . The Participant understands and acknowledges the importance of the relationships which the Company and its Affiliates have with their Employees, Customers and Key Business Partners, as well as how significant the maintenance of the Confidential Information is to the business and success of the Company and its Affiliates, and acknowledges the steps the Company and its Affiliates have taken, are taking and will continue to take to develop, preserve and protect these relationships and the Confidential Information. Accordingly, the Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions and limitations described in this Section are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates, and the Participant agrees and acknowledges that all restrictions and limitations relating to the period following the end of the Participant s employment or service with the Employer will apply regardless of the reason the Participant s employment or service ends. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the enforcement of this Section will not in any way preclude the Participant from becoming gainfully employed or engaged as a contractor in such manner and to such extent as to provide the Participant with an adequate standard of living. 
 (iii) Participant s Notice to Consult An Attorney . The Company hereby advises the Participant to consult with an attorney (chosen by the Participant and at the Participant s cost) prior to signing this Agreement, including with respect to the non-solicitation provisions and other restrictive covenants contained in this Section. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of this notice by the Company. 
 9 

(iv) Review Period . The Participant has at least fourteen (14) calendar days to review this Agreement before agreeing to its terms (although the Participant may elect to voluntarily sign it before the end of this review period). 
 (v) Tolling . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participant breaches any of the non-solicitation restrictions in Section 15(c), then the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if applicable) shall be tolled (retroactive to the date such breach commenced) until such breach or violation has been duly cured. 
 (vi) Modification . If any provision or term in this Section is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid and unenforceable portion shall be reformed to the maximum time, activity-related restrictions and or limitations permitted by applicable law, so as to be valid and enforceable. If any such provision cannot be made valid and enforceable, it shall be severed from this Agreement without affecting the remainder of this Agreement. 
 (vii) Breach Remedies . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the breach of this Section would cause substantial loss to the goodwill of the Company and or its Affiliates, and cause irreparable harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Further, because the Participant s employment with the Employer is personal and unique, because damages alone would not be an adequate remedy and because of the Participant s access to the Confidential Information, the Company and or its Affiliates shall have the right to enforce this Section, including any of its provisions, by injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, without having to post bond or prove actual damages, and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that the Company and or its Affiliates may have for a breach of this Section, including, without limitation, money damages. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that notwithstanding the arbitration provisions in this Agreement, the Company may elect to file and pursue claims which arise from or relate to the Participant s actual or threatened breaches of this Section in state or federal court of competent jurisdiction. The Participant shall be liable to pay all costs, including reasonable attorneys and experts fees and expenses, that the Company and or its Affiliates may incur in enforcing or defending this Section, whether or not litigation is actually commenced and including litigation of any appeal taken or defended by the Company and or its Affiliates where the Company and or its Affiliates succeed in enforcing any provision of this Section. 
 (viii) Forfeiture and Repayment Provisions . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Participant agrees that during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if as applicable), if the Participant breaches any of the terms or conditions in this Section, then in addition to all rights and remedies available to the Company and or its Affiliates at law and in equity, the Participant shall immediately forfeit any portion of the Award that has not otherwise been previously forfeited under the applicable terms of this Agreement and that has not yet been paid, exercised, settled, or vested. The Company and or its Affiliates may also require repayment from the Participant of any and all of the compensatory value of the Award that the Participant received during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, as applicable), including without limitation the gross amount of any Common Stock 
 10 

distribution or cash payment made to the Participant upon the vesting, distribution, exercise, or settlement of the Award and or any consideration in excess of such gross amounts received by the Participant upon the sale or transfer of the Common Stock acquired through vesting, distribution, exercise or settlement of the Award. The Participant shall promptly pay the full amount due upon demand by the Company and or its Affiliates, in the form of cash or shares of Common Stock at current Fair Market Value. 
 (ix) Waiver . The waiver of any breach of the terms of this Section shall not constitute the waiver of any other or further breach hereunder, whether or not of a like nature or kind. No waiver by the Company or any of its Affiliates of the breach of any term contained in a similar agreement between the Company and or any of its Affiliates and any other employee or participant, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or construed as, a waiver of the breach of any term of this Section. No waiver of any provision of this Section shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Company or one or more of its Affiliates. 
 (x) Interpretation . Any reference to Section or subsection in this Section 15 shall refer to this Section 15 or respective subsection. 
 16. Arbitration . In lieu of litigation by way of court or jury trial, any dispute or controversy arising hereunder shall be settled by arbitration, in accordance with the arbitration agreement currently in effect by separate agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates and which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event that such arbitration agreement is determined to be inapplicable or unenforceable or if no such arbitration agreement is then in effect, the parties mutually agree to arbitrate any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this paragraph. The parties agree that this Agreement provides sufficient consideration for that obligation and the mutual promises to arbitrate also constitutes consideration for this agreement to arbitrate. The following terms and conditions shall apply to such arbitration hereunder. The arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA Rules then in effect, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Judgment may be entered on the award of the arbitrator in any court having jurisdiction. Unless provided otherwise in the arbitrator s award, each party will pay its own attorneys fees and costs. To the extent required by law or the AAA Rules, all administrative costs of arbitration (including filing fees) and the fees of the arbitrator will be paid by the Company. The Participant and the Company waive the right for any dispute to be brought, heard, decided, or arbitrated as a class and or collective action (or joinder or consolidation with claims of any other person), and the parties agree that, regardless of anything else in this arbitration provision or the AAA Rules, the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of the class action waiver in this provision may only be determined by a court and not an arbitrator. Regardless of anything else in this Agreement, this arbitration provision may not be modified or terminated absent a writing signed by the Participant and the Company stating an intent to modify or terminate the arbitration provision. 
 17. Governing Law . Except as otherwise provided in the foregoing Section or an Appendix to this Agreement, this Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without application of its conflicts of laws principles. 
 18. Miscellaneous . This Agreement, together with the Plan, is the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the PSUs granted hereby and may not be amended except in a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant or his or her Representative. If any 
 11 

provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, it shall be modified to the extent possible and minimally necessary to be enforceable, and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will be in full force and effect. 
 19. Forfeiture and Clawback of Award . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement and as a condition to the receipt of this Award, the rights, payments and benefits with respect to this Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this Award are subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment by the Company if and to the extent permitted by Section 15.3 of the Plan, required in accordance with Company policy as in effect from time to time Forfeiture and Clawback Policy ), and or as otherwise required by applicable law, rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or rule or listing requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) as in effect from time to time (collectively with the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy, Applicable Requirements in connection with an accounting restatement or under such other circumstances as specified in the Applicable Requirements. Any determination made and action taken under the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 
 20. Stock Holding Period . The Participant agrees to hold the shares of Common Stock acquired upon the conversion of the PSUs for a minimum of 12 months following their Settlement Date. This holding period shall not apply to shares of Common Stock withheld by the Company to settle tax liabilities related to vesting and or settlement, and as otherwise may be provided under the Company s Stock Ownership Policy. 
 12 

EXHIBIT A 
 Vesting Schedule Based on Relative TSR 
 A. Definition of Terms 
 Additional Shares means any shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Participant on the Vesting Date in the event that the Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank exceeds the Target Performance Level. 
 Award Agreement means the Performance Share Unit Award Agreement to which this Exhibit is a part, pursuant to which an award of PSUs has been granted. 
 Cause is defined in Section 11(c) of the Award Agreement. 
 Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank means the Company s TSR Percentile Rank relative to the companies in the Peer Group as certified by the Committee for the Performance Period. 
 Disability means that the Participant either (A) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months and, with respect to a Participant who is an Employee, is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan e.g. , a long term disability plan) covering Employees of the Company or Affiliate that employs the Participant or (B) is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board. 
 Grant Date is defined in the first paragraph of the Award Agreement. 
 Peer Group means the peer group approved by the Committee which shall be the companies that comprised the S&P Supercomposite Insurance Index at the beginning of the Performance Period (other than the Company), adjusted as of the end of the Performance Period to remove any such companies which are no longer included in the S&P Supercomposite Insurance Index as of the last day of the Performance Period. 
 Performance Period means the three-year period starting on February 1 of the calendar year in which the Grant Date occurs Start Date and ending on the calendar day immediately preceding the three-year anniversary of the Start Date. 
 Retirement Eligible means that the Participant has either attained age 55 and completed 10 years of Service as an Employee or attained age 60 and completed five years of Service as an Employee. 
 Separation from Service has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 409A. 
 Service means the period during which the Participant is an Employee, Director or a Third Party Service Provider provided, however, that the Participant will not be deemed to be in service after the Company divests its control in the Affiliate for which the Participant is exclusively in Service, or if the Company s control of such Affiliate otherwise ceases. 
 Target Performance Level means the Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank at the 50 th percentile. 
 13 

Target Units means one hundred percent (100 of the total number of PSUs granted on the Grant Date, as specified in Section 1 of the Award Agreement. 
 TSR means Total Shareholder Return as determined by the Committee for the Performance Period. 
 TSR Percentile Rank means the percentile performance of the Company and each of the companies in the Peer Group based on the TSR for such company as determined by the Committee for the Performance Period. 
 Vesting Date means the date that the Committee certifies the Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank, except as otherwise provided in Section E below. 
 B. Determination of Vesting Date Events 
 As soon as practicable following the end of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank in accordance with the methodology described in the next section below. The Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank will determine the number of Target Units that will vest or be forfeited on the Vesting Date, and the number of Additional Shares, if any, that will be issued to the Participant on the Vesting Date, as described below under Vesting Determination. 
 C. TSR Percentile Rank Calculation Methodology 
 The Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank will be calculated in a two-step process. First, the TSR will be calculated for the Company and each company in the Peer Group. Then, the TSR Percentile Rank for the Company and each of the companies in the Peer Group will be determined. The TSR and the TSR Percentile Rank will be determined by the Committee in accordance with the formula and methods approved by the Committee, as described below. 
 Formula for Calculating TSR 
 For purposes of this Exhibit, the TSR for the Company and each of the companies comprising the Peer Group will be calculated as follows 
 Ending Stock Price Beginning Stock Price + Dividends Reinvested on all Ex-Dividend Dates 
 Beginning Stock Price 
 Share Price Averaging Period 
 The beginning and ending stock prices in the above formula for TSR will be calculated using a trailing average approach i.e. , average of the closing stock prices for 20 consecutive trading days prior to the beginning and end of the Performance Period). 
 Reinvestment of Dividends and Other Adjustments 
 The above TSR formula assumes that dividends are paid and reinvested into additional shares of Common Stock on their ex-dividend dates. TSR will be adjusted for stock dividends, stock splits, spin-offs and other corporate changes having a similar effect. 
 Calculation of TSR Percentile Rank 
 The percentile performance for determining the TSR Percentile Rank will be measured using the Microsoft Excel function PERCENTRANK. 
 14 

D. Vesting Determination 
 Except as otherwise provided in Section E, the PSUs held by the Participant will vest, to the extent earned for the Performance Period, and Additional Shares, if any, will be issued to the Participant, on the Vesting Date only if the Participant has not had a Separation from Service prior to such date. Once the Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank is determined by the Committee, the Company will confirm the number of Target Units that will vest or be forfeited on the Vesting Date, and the number of Additional Shares, if any, that will be issued to the Participant on the Vesting Date consistent with the following provisions 
 If the Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank is at the Target Performance Level, 100 of the Target Units will vest on the Vesting Date. If the Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank is above the Target Performance Level, Additional Shares will also be issued to the Participant on the Vesting Date. If the Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank is less than the Target Performance Level, some or all of the Target Units will be forfeited. 
 The number of the Target Units that will vest on the Vesting Date, and the number of any Additional Shares that will be issued to the Participant on the Vesting Date, will be determined in accordance with the table set forth below. Any Target Units that do not vest in accordance with the table will be forfeited on the Vesting Date. 
 If the Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank for the Performance Period falls between the percentile levels specified in the first column of the table, the number of PSUs that will vest or Additional Shares that will be granted or forfeited on the Vesting Date shall equal the number corresponding to the percentage interpolated on a straight-line basis. 

Company s Relative TSR Percentile Rank Total PSUs to Vest (and or Additional Shares to be Granted) on Vesting Date as Percentage of Target Units 90 th or Higher 
 200 
 75 th 
 150 
 50 th 
 100 
 25 th 
 50 
 Below 25 th 
 0 
 
 E. Determination of Vesting in Case of Certain Terminations and Other Events 
 Notwithstanding any contrary provisions of the Plan 
 (1) Retirement Eligible . (a) Except as otherwise provided in Section (1)(b) or in another subsection of this Section E, if the Participant is Retirement Eligible, any PSUs that will vest and Additional Shares that will be issued on the Vesting Date will be based on the extent earned for the Performance Period as determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections A D above, and then reduced pro-rata by multiplying any such PSUs and Additional Shares by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months in the Performance Period during which the Participant was actively in Service, and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the Performance Period. A partial month worked shall be counted as a 
 15 

full month if the Participant was actively working for 15 or more days in that month. All PSUs that do not vest in accordance with this provision shall be forfeited. 
 (b) If, on or prior to the last day of the Performance Period, the Participant is Retirement Eligible and either (i) becomes an employee of a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engages in any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or (ii) the Participant s Service is terminated, or is deemed to be terminated, for Cause, then any of the PSUs that are restricted on the date of such employment, activity or termination shall be forfeited to the Company. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a Participant s Service shall be deemed terminated for Cause if the Participant resigns or is terminated and the Committee determines in good faith, either before, at the time of, or after such termination, that one or more of the events or actions described in the definition of Cause in Section 11(c) of the Award Agreement existed as of the time of such termination. 
 (2) Termination on Death or Disability . The Vesting Date shall be the date of the Participant s death or Disability if the Participant dies or becomes Disabled prior to the three-year anniversary of the Grant Date (i) while in Service or (ii) after terminating Service if the Participant (A) was Retirement Eligible on the date of such termination of Service for a reason other than Cause, and (B) had not, at any time prior to the date of the Participant s death or Disability, become an employee of a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engaged in any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. On such Vesting Date (a) the Performance Period shall be deemed to have been completed (b) a number of PSUs shall vest in an amount equal to the number of Target Units multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months in the Performance Period during which the Participant was actively in Service, and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the original Performance Period (a partial month worked shall be counted as a full month if the Participant was actively in Service for 15 or more days in that month) (c) no Additional Shares shall be issued to the Participant and (d) all PSUs that do not vest in accordance with this provision shall be forfeited. 
 (3) Termination on Divestiture . Except as otherwise provided below or in another subsection of this Section E, in the event that, prior to the three-year anniversary of the Grant Date, the Participant is no longer employed by the Company or an Affiliate as a result of the Company s divestiture of the business for which the Participant primarily performed services or its controlling interest in the Affiliate for which the Participant was exclusively in Service, or other cessation of the Company s control of such Affiliate, the following terms shall apply. Any PSUs that will vest and Additional Shares that will be issued on the Vesting Date will be based on the extent earned for the Performance Period as determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections A D above, and then reduced pro-rata by multiplying the number of any such PSUs and Additional Shares by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months in the Performance Period during which the Participant was actively in Service, and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the Performance Period. A partial month worked shall be counted as a full month if the Participant was actively working for 15 or more days in that month. All PSUs that do not vest in accordance with this provision shall be forfeited. 
 (4) Other Termination of Service . If the Participant ceases to be in Service prior to the Vesting Date (including, without limitation, by reason of a divestiture or cessation of control of an Affiliate), and is not Retirement Eligible or subject to a divestiture, under circumstances other than those set forth in the foregoing subsections (1) (3) of this Section E or Section 11(b) of the Award Agreement, all unvested PSUs held by the Participant shall be forfeited to the 
 16 

Company on the date of such cessation of Service, and no Additional Shares shall be issued to the Participant. 
 (5) Leave of Absence . In the event that the Participant is on an approved Leave of Absence (other than a short-term disability or Family and Medical Leave Act leave) at the end of the Performance Period or takes such a Leave of Absence at any time during the Performance Period, then the PSUs will vest, forfeit or be granted, as applicable, to the extent earned for the Performance Period, in an amount equal to the number of Target Units that would vest and the number of Additional Shares that would be issued in accordance with the provisions of Sections A D above, if any, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months in the Performance Period during which the Participant was an active Employee not on such Leave of Absence and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the Performance Period. 
 F. Interpretations Related to Calculations and Determinations Related to Performance 
 (1) Interpretations. The Committee shall have the reasonable discretion to interpret or construe ambiguous, unclear or implied terms applicable to this Agreement, and to make any findings of fact necessary to make a calculation or determination hereunder. 
 (2) Disagreements. A decision made in good faith by the Committee or the Company shall govern and be binding in the event of any dispute regarding a method of calculation of performance or a determination of vesting or forfeiture in connection with this Award. 
 (3) Method of Calculating Final Number of Vested or Forfeited PSUs. 
 The following methods shall apply in determining the number of PSUs that will vest or be forfeited and any Additional Shares that will be issued on the Vesting Date pursuant to Section D above. As a general rule, the determination for performance that falls between Percentile Rank points in the table in Section D above would be interpolated on a straight-line basis, as stated in Section D. 
 Specifically, the formula to be used to calculate the final number of PSUs that will vest or be forfeited and any Additional Shares that will be issued is as follows 
 For TSR performance between the 25th & 50th Percentile Ranks, the number of PSUs that will vest as a of the total number of PSUs equals 50 + (Actual Percentile Rank - 25) 50 
 For TSR performance between the 50th & 75th Percentile Ranks, the number of PSUs that will vest and Additional Shares that will be issued as a of the total number of PSUs equals 100 + (Actual Percentile Rank - 50) 50 
 For TSR performance between the 75th & 90th Percentile Ranks, the number of PSUs that will vest and Additional Shares that will be issued as a of the total number of PSUs equals 150 + (Actual Percentile Rank - 75) 30 
 Note that since the interval between the 75th & 90th Percentile Rank is shorter (15 percentiles) compared to the other quadrants (25 percentiles), the vesting result for this particular quadrant would be higher compared to the other quadrants. 
 (4) Rounding Conventions. 
 17 

Regarding rounding of TSRs, percentages for each company in the Peer Group shall be computed to two decimal points (i.e., XX.XX ). 
 Regarding TSR Percentile Rank, the percentile rankings for each company in the Peer Group shall be rounded to the nearest percentage (e.g., 85 rather than 85.4166666 before calculating the linearly interpolated payout, and the final payout percentage shall be rounded to the nearest percentage (e.g., 183 rather than 183.333333 ). 
 Target Units that will vest and any Additional Shares that will be issued from the application of the methods and formula set forth in the foregoing subsection F(3) and Section D above shall only be paid out in whole shares of Common Stock. Any fractional shares that would otherwise result from such application shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares. 
 
 18 

Appendix I (Employees Whose Primary Residences are Located in California) 
 If the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California 
 1. Sections 15(c)(i) and (c)(ii) of the foregoing Agreement shall be replaced with the following 
 15(c)(i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees to the extent that the Participant uses or misuses Confidential Information (as the term is defined in this Section) to so solicit and or interfere. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). 
 15(c)(ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in its and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue or terminate Customer s patronage and or 
 19 

business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 2. Any claims relating to Section 15 of the Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 

20 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.38>
 9
 kmpr202212312022ex1038.htm
 EX-10.38

Document 

Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 2022 GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (Cliff-Vesting Form) 
 This 2022 GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of this ______ day of _________________, 2022 Grant Date between KEMPER CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation Company ), and name Participant for an Award of restricted stock units RSUs ), each representing the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock Common Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 SIGNATURES 
 As of the date set forth above, the parties have accepted the terms of this Agreement by signing this Agreement by an electronic signature, and each party agrees that such signature shall not be denied legal effect, validity or enforceability solely because it was submitted or executed electronically. 
 KEMPER CORPORATION PARTICIPANT 
 By ____________________________________ ____________________________________ 
 CEO Signature and Title name 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Board of Directors of the Company Board has adopted the Kemper Corporation 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan Plan ), including all amendments to date, to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board or any subcommittee thereof, or any other committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan Committee ). Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall be defined in accordance with the Plan. 
 B. The Plan authorizes the Committee to grant to selected Employees, Directors and Third-Party Service Providers awards of various types, including restricted stock units providing the right to receive shares of Common Stock under specified terms and conditions. 
 C. Pursuant to the Plan, the Committee has determined that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to grant an Award of RSUs to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement as an inducement to remain in the service of the Company and an incentive for increased effort during such service. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Grant . The Company grants an aggregate of shares shares RSUs, which represent the Company s unfunded and unsecured promise to issue shares of Common Stock, to the Participant, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The RSUs shall not entitle the Participant to any rights of a shareholder of Common Stock and the Participant has no rights with respect to the Award other than rights as a general creditor of the Company. 
 2. Governing Plan . This Award is granted pursuant to the Plan, which is incorporated herein for all purposes. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, which controls in case of any conflict with this Agreement, except as 

otherwise provided for in the Plan. No amendment of the Plan shall adversely affect this Award in any material way without the written consent of the Participant. 
 3. Restrictions on Transfer . The RSUs shall be restricted during a period Restriction Period beginning on the Grant Date and expiring on the Settlement Date (as defined in Section 6 below). During the Restriction Period, neither this Agreement, the RSUs nor any rights and privileges granted hereby may be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way, whether by operation of the law or otherwise (any such disposition being referred to herein as a Transfer ), except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, no rights or privileges granted hereby may be Transferred during the Restriction Period to the spouse or former spouse of the Participant pursuant to any divorce proceedings, settlement or judgment, unless approved by the Committee. Any attempt to Transfer this Agreement, the RSUs or any other rights or privileges granted hereby contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and of no force or effect, and the Company shall not recognize or give effect to any such Transfer on its books and records or recognize the person to whom such purported Transfer has been made as the legal or beneficial holder of such RSUs. 
 4. Vesting and Forfeiture . 
 (a) Vesting . To the extent not previously forfeited, the RSUs shall fully vest on the earliest to occur of the following Vesting Date 
 (i) the second anniversary of the Grant Date, if the Participant continues in Service through such date 
 (ii) the date of the Participant s death, if the Participant dies while in Service 
 (iii) the date of the Participant s Disability, if the Participant becomes Disabled while in Service or 
 (iv) the date upon which vesting is accelerated in accordance with Section 11(b) or otherwise by the Committee in its discretion in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 (b) Termination of Service . On the date of the Participant s cessation of Service, all unvested RSUs that do not vest upon such cessation of Service in accordance with this Agreement shall be forfeited to the Company. If the Participant s Service is terminated, or is deemed to be terminated, for Cause, any outstanding portion of the RSUs held by the Participant (vested or unvested) shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of such termination of Service. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a Participant s Service shall be deemed terminated for Cause if the Participant resigns or is terminated and the Committee determines in good faith, either before, at the time of, or after such termination, that one or more of the events or actions described in the definition of Cause below existed as of the time of such termination. 
 (c) Certain Definitions . 
 (i) Cause means any of the following (1) the Participant s theft or falsification of any Company or Affiliate documents, records or property (2) the Participant s improper use or disclosure of the Company s or an Affiliate s confidential or proprietary information in breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct or an applicable contractual or other obligation, or using such information for personal gain including, without limitation, by trading in Company securities on the basis of material, non-public information (3) fraud, 
 2 

misappropriation of or intentional material damage to the property or business of the Company or an Affiliate or other action by the Participant which has a material detrimental effect on the Company s or an Affiliate s reputation or business as determined by the Committee (4) the Participant s material failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned and lawful duties after written notice from the Company or Affiliate of such failure or inability, and such failure or inability is not cured by the Participant within ten (10) business days (5) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any felony or any criminal violation involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, dishonesty, the misuse or misappropriation of money or other property or any other crime which has or would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the business or reputation of the Company or an Affiliate or (6) a material breach by the Participant of the policies and procedures of the Company or an Affiliate, including, but not limited to, any breach of the Company s Essential Standards of Conduct and the requirements of Section 15 below. 
 (ii) Disabled or Disability means that the Participant either 
 (A) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months and, with respect to a Participant who is an Employee, is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan e.g. , a long term disability plan) covering Employees of the Company or Affiliate that employs the Participant or 
 (B) is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board. 
 (iii) Employer means the Company or Affiliate by whom the Participant is employed, or to whom the Participant provides services. 
 (iv) Good Reason means any action taken by the Employer which results in a material negative change to the Participant in the employment relationship, such as the duties to be performed, the conditions under which such duties are to be performed or the compensation to be received for performing such services. A termination by the Participant shall not constitute termination for Good Reason unless the Participant shall first have delivered to the Employer written notice setting forth with specificity the occurrence deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason (which notice must be given no later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such event), and there shall have passed a reasonable time (not less than thirty (30) days) within which the Employer may take action to correct, rescind or otherwise substantially reverse the occurrence supporting termination for Good Reason as identified by the Participant. 
 (v) Service means the period during which the Participant is an Employee, Director or Third Party Service Provider provided, however, that the Participant will not be deemed to be in Service after the Company divests its control in the Affiliate for whom the Participant is exclusively in Service, or if the Company s control of such Affiliate otherwise ceases. 
 3 

5. Dividend Equivalents . If a cash dividend is declared and paid by the Company with respect to the Common Stock during the Restriction Period, the Participant shall be eligible to receive a cash payment equal to the total cash dividend the Participant would have received had the RSUs been actual shares of Common Stock, provided that the Participant vests in the RSUs. Any such cash payment shall be made on the Settlement Date (as defined below) and it shall be subject to applicable tax withholding obligations as described in Section 8. 
 6. Conversion of RSUs Issuance of Common Stock . Except as otherwise provided in Section 10, the Company shall cause one share of Common Stock to be issued, within the time period provided below, for each RSU that is vesting on the Vesting Date. 
 Any issuance of Common Stock shall be subject to applicable tax withholding obligations as described in Section 8 and shall be in book-entry form, registered in the Participant s name (or in the name of the Participant s Representative, as the case may be), in payment of whole RSUs. Any fractional shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be issued to the Participant shall instead be paid in the form of cash. Except as otherwise provided in Section 10, in no event shall the date that Common Stock is issued to the Participant Settlement Date occur later than the first to occur of (a) March 15 th following the calendar year in which the Vesting Date occurred, or (b) 90 days following the Vesting Date. 
 7. Fair Market Value of Common Stock . The fair market value Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be determined for purposes of this Agreement by reference to the closing price of a share of Common Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are primarily traded) for the applicable date or if no prices are reported for that day, the last preceding day on which such prices are reported (or, if for any reason no such price is available, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion in accordance with the Plan). 
 8. Withholding of Taxes . The Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the RSUs will result in the Participant being subject to payroll taxes upon the Vesting Date (if the Participant is an Employee or was an Employee on the Grant Date), except as otherwise determined by the Company and permitted by regulations issued under Section 3121(v)(2) of the Code, and that the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 will result in the Participant being subject to income taxes upon the Settlement Date. Upon a required withholding date, the Company will deduct from the shares of Common Stock that are otherwise due to be delivered to the Participant shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value not in excess of the tax withholding requirements based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Participant for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Participant s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction, and the Participant shall remit to the Company in cash any and all applicable withholding taxes that exceed the amount available to the Company using shares with respect to which the Settlement Date has occurred. 
 9. Section 409A . The Company intends that the Award hereunder shall either be exempt from the application of, or compliant with, the requirements of Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in accordance with such intent. In no event shall the Company and or its Affiliates be liable for any tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on the Participant (or the Participant s estate) under Section 409A. 
 10. Shares to be Issued in Compliance with Federal Securities Laws and Other Rules . No shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of the RSUs shall be issued and delivered unless and until there shall have been full compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Act (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption conditions), all applicable listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then 
 4 

listed) and any other requirements of law or of any regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery. The Company shall use its best efforts and take all necessary or appropriate actions to ensure that such full compliance on the part of the Company is made. By signing this Agreement, the Participant represents and warrants that none of the shares to be acquired in settlement of the RSUs will be acquired with a view towards any sale, transfer or distribution of said shares in violation of the Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any applicable blue sky laws, and that the Participant hereby agrees to indemnify the Company in the event of any violation by the Participant of such Act, rules, regulations or laws. The Company will use its best efforts to complete all actions necessary for such compliance so that settlement can occur within the period specified in Section 6 provided that if the Company reasonably anticipates that settlement within such period will cause a violation of applicable law, settlement may be delayed provided that settlement occurs at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that such settlement will not cause a violation of applicable law, all in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii). 
 11. Certain Adjustments Change in Control . 
 (a) If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any equity restructurings (within the meaning of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718) that causes the per share value of a share of Common Stock to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin off, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, and similar matters, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an equitable adjustment to the number and kind of RSUs subject to the Award. If, during the term of this Agreement, there shall be any other changes in corporate capitalization, the Committee shall make or cause to be made an appropriate and equitable substitution, adjustment or treatment with respect to the RSUs in a manner consistent with Sections 4.3 and 21.2 of the Plan. The Committee s determination as to what adjustments shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional RSUs shall be issued under the Plan on any such adjustment. 
 (b) In the event of a Change in Control as defined in Section 20.1(a) or (b) of the Plan, except as prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange requirements, if the Service of a Participant is terminated within the two (2)-year period following such Change in Control by the Company or an Affiliate for reasons other than Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, any Restriction Period shall lapse and the RSUs shall immediately vest and be paid out or distributed without further restriction. 
 12. Participation by Participant in Other Company Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect the right of the Participant to participate in and receive benefits under and in accordance with the then current provisions of any retirement plan or employee welfare benefit plan or program of the Company or of any Affiliate of the Company, subject in each case, to the terms and conditions of any such plan or program. 
 13. Not an Employment or Service Contract . Nothing herein contained shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates, expressed or implied, to employ or contract for the services of the Participant, to restrict the right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to discharge the Participant or cease contracting for the Participant s services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever, the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services which may exist between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 14. Death of the Participant . In the event of the Participant s death prior to the Settlement Date, delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 shall be made to the duly appointed and qualified executor or other personal representative of the Participant, to be distributed in accordance with the Participant s will or applicable intestacy law. 
 5 

15. Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement . The Participant agrees that the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement is conditioned upon the Participant s compliance with the following confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement terms and conditions. 
 (a) Definitions . As used in this Section, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 (i) Confidential Information means any and all confidential information, including without limitation any negotiations or agreements between the Company or its Affiliates and third parties, business and marketing plans and related materials, training materials, financial information, plans, executive summaries, capitalization tables, budgets, unpublished financial statements, costs, prices, licenses, employee, customer, supplier, shareholder, partner or investor lists and or data, products, technology, know-how, business processes, business data, inventions, designs, patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, business models, notes, sketches, flow charts, formulas, blueprints and elements thereof, databases, compilations, and other intellectual property, whether written or otherwise. Some or all of the Confidential Information may also be entitled to protection as a trade secret under applicable state or federal law. Confidential Information does not include information that the Participant can prove was properly known to the Participant from sources permitted to disseminate the information prior to the Participant s employment by, or provision of services to, the Employer, or that has become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of the Participant. 
 (ii) Customer means any customer of the Company or an Affiliate with which whom the Participant had material communications, for which whom the Participant performed any services, to which whom the Participant sold any products, or about which whom the Participant learned or had access to any Confidential Information, in each case during the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Participant s termination of employment from, or provision of services to, the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iii) Enhanced Restricted Period means the twenty-four (24)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 (iv) Restricted Employee means any person who was employed by the Company or an Affiliate and had Material Contact pursuant to the Participant s duties at any point during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Participant s last day of employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Section, Material Contact means interaction between the Participant and another employee of the Employer or an Affiliate (A) with whom the Participant actually dealt or interacted or (B) whose employment or dealings with the Employer or services for the Employer were directly or indirectly handled, coordinated, managed, or supervised by the Participant. 
 (v) Restricted Period means the twelve (12)-month period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason). 
 6 

(b) Confidential Information . 
 (i) Protection of Confidential Information . At all times during the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer, and at all times thereafter, the Participant agrees to (A) hold the Confidential Information in strictest confidence, and not to directly or indirectly copy, distribute, disclose, divert, or disseminate, in whole or in part, any of such Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity except (x) to authorized agents of the Employer who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose for which it is disclosed, or (y) to other persons for the benefit of the Employer, in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with or service to the Employer and (B) refrain from directly or indirectly using the Confidential Information other than as necessary and as authorized in the course and scope of the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer. In the event the Participant receives a subpoena or other validly issued administrative or judicial order demanding production or disclosure of Confidential Information, the Participant shall promptly notify the Employer and provide a copy of such subpoena or order and tender to the Employer the defense of any such demand. The Participant may, if necessary, disclose Confidential Information in judicial proceedings relating to the enforcement of the Participant s rights or obligations under this Agreement provided , however , that the Participant must first enter into an agreed protective order with the Employer protecting the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the Participant s confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations under this Agreement or otherwise, as provided in the Federal Defend Trade Secret Act, the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or to the Participant s attorney in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. The Participant understands and acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating with or reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or making other disclosures or statements that are protected under the whistleblower, collective bargaining, anti-discrimination and or anti-retaliation provisions of federal or state law or regulation. The Participant understands that the Participant does not need prior authorization of the Employer to make any such reports or disclosures, and that the Participant is not required to notify the Employer that the Participant has made such reports or disclosures. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation . 
 (i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, 
 7 

consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, seek to recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(i) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in their and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue, or terminate Customer s or Key Business Partner s patronage and or business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. In addition to the foregoing restrictions, the Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Enhanced Restricted Period, the 
 8 

Participant shall not be personally involved in the negotiation, competition for, solicitation or execution of any individual book roll over(s) or other book of business transfer arrangements involving the transfer of business away from the Company or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California, the restrictions set forth in this subsection (c)(ii) shall be replaced with those set forth in Appendix I of this Agreement. 
 (d) Notification to New Employers . During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall notify any subsequent employer of the Participant s obligations under this Section prior to commencing employment. In addition, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall provide the Employer and his her prior manager at the Employer fourteen (14) days advance written notice prior to becoming employed by, or retained to represent or provide services to, any person or entity or engaging in any business of any type or form, with such notice including the identity of the prospective employer or business, the specific division (if applicable) for which the Participant will be performing services, the title or position to be assumed by the Participant, the physical location of the position to be assumed by the Participant, and the responsibilities of the position to be assumed by the Participant. The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and or any of its Affiliates, at their discretion, to contact the Participant s prospective or subsequent employers and inform them of this Section or any other policy or employment agreement between the Participant and the Company and or its Affiliates that may be in effect at the termination of the Participant s employment with the Employer. 
 (e) Non-Disparagement . During the term of Participant s employment and for the two (2)-year period commencing on the day following the last day of the Participant s employment with the Employer (whether by Participant or the Employer and whether for any or no reason), the Participant shall not make or intentionally cause or direct others to make any written or oral statement that disparages or otherwise are slanderous, libelous, or defamatory towards the Company or its Affiliates, or their respective business relations. Without in any way limiting the scope or effect of the preceding sentence, the Participant specifically agrees, represents and warrants that the Participant shall not directly or indirectly disparage the Company s and or its Affiliates (i) officers, management, business practices, policies, procedures and or operations, (ii) employees or other personnel, employment or other personnel-related decisions, staffing, and or hiring or termination decisions, practices or other personnel-related activities or occurrences, and or any other employment-related decisions, actions or practices by or relating to the Company or the Affiliates, or (iii) any other policies, procedures or matters concerning or relating to the Company, including but not limited to the Company s business, operations, employees, management, Customers, suppliers, activities, products, services or any other matter relating to the Company or its Affiliates provided that this non-disparagement provision shall not prohibit any statement, reporting or other action this is permitted by subsection (b)(ii) of this Section. Moreover, unless permitted by applicable law, and subject to subsection (b)(ii) of this Section, the Participant shall not encourage or aid any person or entity in the pursuit of any cause of action, lawsuit or any other claim or dispute of any kind against the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 (f) Consideration Reasonableness of Restrictions . 
 (i) Consideration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received valuable and adequate consideration in exchange for the restrictions in this Section, including but not limited to the Award to the Participant under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement, offer of 
 9 

employment or continued employment with the Employer, training and continued training, access to the Confidential Information, and access to the Customers and Key Business Partners. 
 (ii) Reasonableness of Restrictions . The Participant understands and acknowledges the importance of the relationships which the Company and its Affiliates have with their Employees, Customers and Key Business Partners, as well as how significant the maintenance of the Confidential Information is to the business and success of the Company and its Affiliates, and acknowledges the steps the Company and its Affiliates have taken, are taking and will continue to take to develop, preserve and protect these relationships and the Confidential Information. Accordingly, the Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions and limitations described in this Section are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates, and the Participant agrees and acknowledges that all restrictions and limitations relating to the period following the end of the Participant s employment or service with the Employer will apply regardless of the reason the Participant s employment or service ends. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the enforcement of this Section will not in any way preclude the Participant from becoming gainfully employed or engaged as a contractor in such manner and to such extent as to provide the Participant with an adequate standard of living. 
 (iii) Participant s Notice to Consult An Attorney . The Company hereby advises the Participant to consult with an attorney (chosen by the Participant and at the Participant s cost) prior to signing this Agreement, including with respect to the non-solicitation provisions and other restrictive covenants contained in this Section. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of this notice by the Company. 
 (iv) Review Period . The Participant has at least fourteen (14) calendar days to review this Agreement before agreeing to its terms (although the Participant may elect to voluntarily sign it before the end of this review period). 
 (v) Tolling . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participant breaches any of the non-solicitation restrictions in Section 15(c), then the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if applicable) shall be tolled (retroactive to the date such breach commenced) until such breach or violation has been duly cured. 
 (vi) Modification . If any provision or term in this Section is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid and unenforceable portion shall be reformed to the maximum time, activity-related restrictions and or limitations permitted by applicable law, so as to be valid and enforceable. If any such provision cannot be made valid and enforceable, it shall be severed from this Agreement without affecting the remainder of this Agreement. 
 (vii) Breach Remedies . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the breach of this Section would cause substantial loss to the goodwill of the Company and or its Affiliates, and cause irreparable harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Further, because the Participant s employment with the Employer is personal and unique, because damages alone would not be an adequate remedy and because of the Participant s access to the Confidential Information, the 
 10 

Company and or its Affiliates shall have the right to enforce this Section, including any of its provisions, by injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, without having to post bond or prove actual damages, and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that the Company and or its Affiliates may have for a breach of this Section, including, without limitation, money damages. The Participant agrees and acknowledges that notwithstanding the arbitration provisions in this Agreement, the Company may elect to file and pursue claims which arise from or relate to the Participant s actual or threatened breaches of this Section in state or federal court of competent jurisdiction. The Participant shall be liable to pay all costs, including reasonable attorneys and experts fees and expenses, that the Company and or its Affiliates may incur in enforcing or defending this Section, whether or not litigation is actually commenced and including litigation of any appeal taken or defended by the Company and or its Affiliates where the Company and or its Affiliates succeed in enforcing any provision of this Section. 
 (viii) Forfeiture and Repayment Provisions . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Participant agrees that during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, if as applicable), if the Participant breaches any of the terms or conditions in this Section, then in addition to all rights and remedies available to the Company and or its Affiliates at law and in equity, the Participant shall immediately forfeit any portion of the Award that has not otherwise been previously forfeited under the applicable terms of this Agreement and that has not yet been paid, exercised, settled, or vested. The Company and or its Affiliates may also require repayment from the Participant of any and all of the compensatory value of the Award that the Participant received during the Restricted Period (or the Enhanced Restricted Period, as applicable), including without limitation the gross amount of any Common Stock distribution or cash payment made to the Participant upon the vesting, distribution, exercise, or settlement of the Award and or any consideration in excess of such gross amounts received by the Participant upon the sale or transfer of the Common Stock acquired through vesting, distribution, exercise or settlement of the Award. The Participant shall promptly pay the full amount due upon demand by the Company and or its Affiliates in the form of cash or shares of Common Stock at current Fair Market Value. 
 (ix) Waiver . The waiver of any breach of the terms of this Section shall not constitute the waiver of any other or further breach hereunder, whether or not of a like nature or kind. No waiver by the Company or any of its Affiliates of the breach of any term contained in a similar agreement between the Company and or any of its Affiliates and any other employee or participant, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or construed as, a waiver of the breach of any term of this Section. No waiver of any provision of this Section shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Company or one or more of its Affiliates. 
 (x) Interpretation . Any reference to Section or subsection in this Section 15 shall refer to this Section 15 or respective subsection. 
 16. Arbitration . In lieu of litigation by way of court or jury trial, any dispute or controversy arising hereunder shall be settled by arbitration, in accordance with the arbitration agreement currently in effect by separate agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates and which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event that such arbitration agreement is determined to be inapplicable or unenforceable or if no such 
 11 

arbitration agreement is then in effect, the parties mutually agree to arbitrate any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this paragraph. The parties agree that this Agreement provides sufficient consideration for that obligation and the mutual promises to arbitrate also constitutes consideration for this agreement to arbitrate. The following terms and conditions shall apply to such arbitration hereunder. The arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA Rules then in effect, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Judgment may be entered on the award of the arbitrator in any court having jurisdiction. Unless provided otherwise in the arbitrator s award, each party will pay its own attorneys fees and costs. To the extent required by law or the AAA Rules, all administrative costs of arbitration (including filing fees) and the fees of the arbitrator will be paid by the Company. The Participant and the Company waive the right for any dispute to be brought, heard, decided, or arbitrated as a class and or collective action (or joinder or consolidation with claims of any other person), and the parties agree that, regardless of anything else in this arbitration provision or the AAA Rules, the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of the class action waiver in this provision may only be determined by a court and not an arbitrator. Regardless of anything else in this Agreement, this arbitration provision may not be modified or terminated absent a writing signed by the Participant and the Company stating an intent to modify or terminate the arbitration provision. 
 17. Governing Law . Except as otherwise provided in the foregoing Section or an Appendix to this Agreement, this Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without application of its conflicts of laws principles. 
 18. Miscellaneous . This Agreement, together with the Plan, is the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the RSUs granted hereby and may not be amended except in a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant or his or her Representative. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, it shall be modified to the extent possible and minimally necessary to be enforceable, and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will be in full force and effect. 
 19. Forfeiture and Clawback of Award . Notwithstanding the terms regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this Agreement and as a condition to the receipt of this Award, the rights, payments and benefits with respect to this Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this Award are subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment by the Company if and to the extent permitted by Section 15.3 of the Plan, required in accordance with Company policy as in effect from time to time Forfeiture and Clawback Policy ), and or as otherwise required by applicable law, rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or rule or listing requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the same class are then listed) as in effect from time to time (collectively with the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy, Applicable Requirements in connection with an accounting restatement or under such other circumstances as specified in the Applicable Requirements. Any determination made and action taken under the Forfeiture and Clawback Policy shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

12 

Appendix I (Employees Whose Primary Residences are Located in California) 
 If the Participant s primary residence is located in the State of California 
 1. Sections 15(c)(i) and (c)(ii) of the foregoing Agreement shall be replaced with the following 
 15(c)(i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates sustain their operations and the goodwill of the Customers and other business relations through its employees. The Company and its Affiliates have made significant investment in their employees and their ability to establish and maintain relationships with one another and with their Customers, agents, brokers, vendors, suppliers, consultants, partners and or other business relations in order to further the Company s and its Affiliates legitimate business interests and operations and to cultivate goodwill. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company s and its Affiliates loss of their employees could adversely affect the Company s and its Affiliates operations and jeopardize the goodwill that has been established through these employees, and that the Company and its Affiliates therefore have a legitimate interest in preventing the solicitation of its employees and or the interference with the relationships between the Company and its Affiliates and their employees to the extent that the Participant uses or misuses Confidential Information (as the term is defined in this Section) to so solicit and or interfere. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly recruit or solicit, attempt to influence or assist, participate in or promote the solicitation of, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or adversely affect the employment of any Restricted Employees. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, on behalf of the Participant or any other person or entity, use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly hire, employ or engage any Restricted Employee in any capacity that interferes with such Restricted Employee s employment with or engagement by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not engage in the aforesaid conduct through a third party for the purpose of colluding to avoid the restrictions of this subsection(c)(i). 
 15(c)(ii) Non-Solicitation of Business . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that by virtue of the Participant s employment with, or service to, the Employer, the Participant has developed or will develop relationships with and or had or will have access to Confidential Information about Customers and agents, brokers and similar key business partners Key Business Partners and is, therefore, capable of significantly and adversely impacting existing relationships that the Company or an Affiliate has with them. The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates have invested in its and the Participant s relationship with Customers and Key Business Partners and the goodwill that has been developed with them therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates have a legitimate business interest in protecting these relationships against solicitation and or interference by the Participant for a reasonable period of time after the Participant s employment with, or provision of services to, the Employer ends. Accordingly, during the Participant s employment with the Employer and during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not use or rely in any manner on any Confidential Information to directly or indirectly initiate, contact or engage in any contact or communication, of any kind whatsoever, that has the purpose or effect of (A) inviting, assisting, encouraging or requesting any Customer or Key Business Partner to (1) transfer the Participant s business from the Company or an Affiliate to the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party, or (2) otherwise diminish, divert, discontinue or terminate Customer s patronage and or business relationship with the Company or an Affiliate or (B) inviting, assisting, 
 13 

encouraging or requesting any Customer to purchase any products or services from the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate, or use any products or services of the Participant, the Participant s subsequent employer or of any other third party that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 2. Any claims relating to Section 15 of the Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 

14 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-18.1>
 10
 kmpr202212312022ex181.htm
 EX-18.1

Document 
 Exhibit 18.1 

 May 2, 2022 
 Kemper Corporation 
 200 East Randolph Street, Suite 3300 
 Chicago, Illinois 60601 
 
 Dear Sirs Madams 
 At your request, we have read the description included in your Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, of the facts relating to including anticipated net investment income in premium deficiency assessments performed for the property & casualty segments. We believe, on the basis of the facts so set forth and other information furnished to us by appropriate officials of Kemper Corporation, that the accounting change described in your Form 10-Q is to an alternative accounting principle that is preferable under the circumstances. 
 We have not audited any consolidated financial statements of Kemper Corporation and its subsidiaries as of any date or for any period subsequent to December 31, 2021. Therefore, we are unable to express, and we do not express, an opinion on the facts set forth in the above-mentioned Form 10-Q, on the related information furnished to us by officials of the Company, or on the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries as of any date or for any period subsequent to December 31, 2021. 
 Yours truly, 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 

</EX-18.1>

<EX-21>
 11
 kmpr202212312022ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of KEMPER CORPORATION 
 
 Subsidiaries of Kemper Corporation, with their states of incorporation in parentheses, are as follows 
 
 1. Accelerate Insurance Network, LLC (Illinois) 
 2. Access Insurance Agency of Arizona, LLC (Arizona) 
 3. Access Insurance Agency of Indiana, LLC (Indiana) 
 4. Access Insurance Agency of Nevada, LLC (Nevada) 
 5. Access Insurance Agency of South Carolina, LLC (South Carolina) 
 6. Agencia de Seguros de Acceso, LLC (Texas) 
 7. Alliance United Insurance Company (California) 
 8. Alliance United Insurance Services, LLC (California) 
 9. Alpha Property & Casualty Insurance Company (Wisconsin) 
 10. American Access Casualty Company (Illinois) 
 11. American Access Holdings, LLC (Delaware) 
 12. Capitol County Mutual Fire Insurance Company (Texas) 
 13. Casualty Underwriters, Inc. (Georgia) 
 14. Charter Indemnity Company (Texas) 
 15. Coronado Medical Center, LLC (Delaware) 
 16. Cranberry Holdings, Inc. (Delaware) 
 17. Direct Response Corporation (Delaware) 
 18. Family Security Funerals Company (Texas) 
 19. Financial Indemnity Company (Illinois) 
 20. Foothills Corporate, LLC (Delaware) 
 21. Illinois Vehicle Insurance Agency, LLC (Illinois) 
 22. Infinity Agency of Texas, Inc. (Texas) 
 23. Infinity Assurance Insurance Company (Ohio) 
 24. Infinity Auto Insurance Company (Ohio) 
 25. Infinity Casualty Insurance Company (Ohio) 
 26. Infinity County Mutual Insurance Company (Texas) 
 27. Infinity Financial Centers, LLC (Delaware) 
 28. Infinity Indemnity Insurance Company (Indiana) 
 29. Infinity Insurance Agency, Inc. (Alabama) 
 30. Infinity Insurance Company (Indiana) 
 31. Infinity Preferred Insurance Company (Ohio) 
 32. Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (Ohio) 
 33. Infinity Safeguard Insurance Company (Ohio) 
 34. Infinity Select Insurance Company (Indiana) 
 35. Infinity Standard Insurance Company (Indiana) 
 36. KAHG LLC (Illinois) 
 37. Kemper Bermuda Ltd. (Bermuda) 
 38. Kemper Center, LLC (Delaware) 
 39. Kemper Corporate Services, Inc. (Illinois) 
 40. Kemper Financial Indemnity Company (Illinois) 
 41. Kemper General Agency, Inc. (Texas) 
 42. Kemper Independence Insurance Company (Illinois) 
 43. Kemper Management LLC (Illinois) 
 44. Kemper Personal Insurance General Agency, Inc. (Texas) 
 45. Kemper Properties, LLC (Delaware) 
 46. Leader Group, Inc. (Ohio) 
 47. Leader Managing General Agency, Inc. (Texas) 
 48. Merastar Industries LLC (Delaware) 
 49. Merastar Insurance Company (Illinois) 
 50. Mutual Savings Fire Insurance Company (Alabama) 
 51. Mutual Savings Life Insurance Company (Alabama) 
 52. NCM Management Corporation (Delaware) 
 53. Newins Insurance Agency Holdings, LLC (Illinois) 
 54. Newins Real Estate Holdings, LLC (Illinois) 
 55. North Scottsdale Gateway, LLC (Delaware) 
 56. Old Reliable Casualty Company (Missouri) 
 57. Response Insurance Company (Illinois) 
 58. Response Worldwide Direct Auto Insurance Company (Illinois) 
 59. Response Worldwide Insurance Company (Illinois) 
 60. Security One Agency LLC (Illinois) 
 61. Skyline Esplanade 6, LLC (Delaware) 
 62. Skyline Esplanade 7, LLC (Delaware) 
 63. Skyline Esplanade 9, LLC (Delaware) 
 64. Summergate Corporate Center, LLC (Delaware) 

65. The Infinity Group, Inc. (Indiana) 
 66. The Kemper Foundation (Illinois) 
 67. The Reliable Life Insurance Company (Missouri) 
 68. Trinity Universal Insurance Company (Texas) 
 69. Union National Fire Insurance Company (Louisiana) 
 70. Union National Life Insurance Company (Louisiana) 
 71. United Casualty Insurance Company of America (Illinois) 
 72. United Insurance Company of America (Illinois) 
 73. Unitrin Advantage Insurance Company (New York) 
 74. Unitrin Auto and Home Insurance Company (New York) 
 75. Unitrin County Mutual Insurance Company (Texas) 
 76. Unitrin Direct Insurance Company (Illinois) 
 77. Unitrin Direct Property & Casualty Company (Illinois) 
 78. Unitrin Preferred Insurance Company (New York) 
 79. Unitrin Safeguard Insurance Company (Wisconsin) 
 80. Valley Property & Casualty Insurance Company (Oregon) 
 81. Warner Insurance Company (Illinois) 

May be deemed to be an affiliate pursuant to Rule 1-02 of SEC Regulation S-X. 
 Not-for-profit corporation 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 12
 kmpr202212312022ex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-236429 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 33-58300, 333-86935, 333-76076, 333-173877, 333-231180 and 333-238016 on Form S-8 of our report dated February 9, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Kemper Corporation and the effectiveness of Kemper Corporation's internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 9, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 kmpr202212312022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Joseph P. Lacher, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kemper Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 9, 2023 
 s JOSEPH P. LACHER, JR. Joseph P. Lacher, Jr. Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 kmpr202212312022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, James J. McKinney, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kemper Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 9, 2023 
 s JAMES J. MCKINNEY James J. McKinney Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 kmpr202212312022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kemper Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Joseph P. Lacher, Jr., as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s JOSEPH P. LACHER, JR. Name Joseph P. Lacher, Jr. Title Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Date February 9, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 kmpr202212312022ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kemper Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), James J. McKinney, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s JAMES J. MCKINNEY Name James J. McKinney Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date February 9, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 kmpr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 kmpr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 kmpr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 kmpr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 kmpr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

