<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1006837_0001006837-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20526604</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>533070</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3069189</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6993531</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5084236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4481732</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001006837-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314164902
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001006837-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		148
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNOVATE Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001006837
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED STRUCTURAL METAL PRODUCTS [3440]
		IRS NUMBER:				541708481
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35210
		FILM NUMBER:		23731717

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		295 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-235-2690

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		295 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HC2 HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160809

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HC2 Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140415

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PTGi HOLDING, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001006837-23-000018.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 vate-20221231.htm
 10-K

vate-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 Commission File No. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of INNOVATE s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately million, based on the closing sale price of the Common Stock on such date. 
 As of March 8, 2023, shares of common stock, par value 0.001, were outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

INNOVATE CORP. INDEX TO FORM 10-K 
 Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 Item 2. Properties 
 44 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 45 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 66 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 66 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 66 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 66 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 67 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 67 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 67 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 67 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 67 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 68 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 73 
 SIGNATURES 

1 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, "INNOVATE," means INNOVATE Corp. and the "Company," "we" and "our" mean INNOVATE together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. See "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements." 
 
 General 
 
 INNOVATE is a diversified holding company that has a portfolio of subsidiaries in a variety of operating segments. We seek to grow these businesses so that they can generate long-term sustainable free cash flow and attractive returns in order to maximize value for all stakeholders. As of December 31, 2022, our three operating platforms or reportable segments, based on management s organization of the enterprise, are Infrastructure, Life Sciences and Spectrum, plus our Other segment, which includes businesses that do not meet the separately reportable segment thresholds. 
 
 Our principal operating subsidiaries include the following assets: 
 
 (i) DBM Global Inc. ("DBMG") (Infrastructure), a family of companies providing fully integrated structural and steel construction services; 
 (ii) Pansend Life Sciences, LLC ("Pansend") (Life Sciences), our subsidiary focused on supporting healthcare and biotechnology product development; 
 (iii) HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Broadcasting") (Spectrum), a strategic operator of Over-The-Air ("OTA") broadcasting stations across the United States ("U.S.") including Puerto Rico; and 
 (iv) Other, which represents all other businesses or investments that do not meet the definition of a segment individually or in the aggregate. 
 
 We expect to focus on operating and managing our portfolio of companies and building value in Infrastructure, Life Sciences and Spectrum in the future. We believe these segments are well positioned to take advantage of current trends in today s economy and that there is opportunity to build value organically and inorganically in these three segments. We may consider opportunities outside of these businesses in the longer term to acquire and invest in businesses with attractive assets that we consider to be undervalued or fairly valued. 
 
 Overall Business Strategy 
 
 We continually evaluate strategic and business alternatives within our operating segments, which may include the following: operating, growing or acquiring additional assets or businesses related to current or historical operations; or winding down or selling our existing operations. In the longer-term, we may evaluate opportunities to acquire assets or businesses unrelated to our current or historical operations. We have generally pursued either controlling positions in durable, cash-flow generating businesses, assets that will enhance our current businesses in Infrastructure, Life Sciences and Spectrum or companies we believe exhibit substantial growth potential, which may be unrelated to the Company s then-current operating segments. In connection with any such acquisition, we may choose to actively assemble or re-assemble a company s management team to ensure the appropriate expertise is in place to execute the operating objectives of such business. We view ourselves as strategic and financial partners and seek to align our management teams incentives with our goal of delivering sustainable long-term value to our stakeholders. 
 
 As part of any acquisition strategy, we may raise capital in the form of debt or equity securities (including preferred stock) or a combination thereof. We have broad discretion in selecting a business strategy for the Company. If we elect to pursue an acquisition, while we intend to focus on Infrastructure, Life Science and Spectrum, we may exercise our broad discretion to identify and select an industry and the possible acquisition or business combination opportunity unrelated to our current operating segments. In connection with evaluating these strategic and business alternatives, we may at any time be engaged in ongoing discussions with respect to possible acquisitions, business combinations and debt or equity securities offerings of widely varying sizes. There can be no assurance that any of these discussions will result in a definitive agreement and, if they do, what the terms or timing of any agreement would be. 
 
 Our strategic process includes a continual evaluation of our existing businesses which may include a sale of businesses or operating segments. We consider many factors as we go through our evaluation, which include but are not limited to market factors and opportunity, growth prospects and internal needs. In connection with evaluating these strategic and business alternatives, we may at any time be engaged in ongoing discussions with respect to possible dispositions, mergers and public offerings of widely varying sizes. There can be no assurance that any of these discussions will result in a definitive agreement and if they do, what the terms or timing of any agreement would be. 
 
 2 

Competition 
 
 From a strategic perspective, we encounter competition for acquisition and business opportunities from other entities having similar business objectives, such as strategic investors and private equity firms, which could lead to higher prices for acquisition targets. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and executing transactions directly or through affiliates. Our financial resources and human resources may be relatively limited when contrasted with many of these competitors which may place us at a competitive disadvantage. Competitive conditions affecting our operating businesses are described in the discussions below. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 3,565 full-time employees and 196 part-time employees, including the employees of our operating businesses as described in more detail below. We consider our relations with our employees to be satisfactory. 

Our Operating Subsidiaries 
 
 Infrastructure Segment (DBMG) 
 
 DBM Global Inc. DBMG is a fully integrated construction company offering both construction and professional services primarily through its core subsidiaries, Schuff Steel Company ("SSC"), Banker Steel Banker and GrayWolf Industrial GrayWolf to a wide variety of commercial and industrial market segments. These companies provide services to their clients including design-assist, modularization, fabrication and erection of structural steel, heavy steel plate, trusses and girders, heavy equipment installation, as well as facility services for maintenance and shutdowns. The companies enable best delivery of preconstruction, construction and operations services by, leveraging the capabilities of the DBM Vircon Vircon business, which provides construction modeling, rebar and steel detailing, industrial design, and digital engineering services. In addition, through its Aitken business ("Aitken"), DBMG manufactures pressure vessels, strainers, filters, separators and a variety of customized products. 
 
 DBMG provides these services on commercial, industrial, and infrastructure construction projects such as high- and low-rise buildings and office complexes, hotels and casinos, convention centers, sports arenas and stadiums, hospital and medical offices, data centers, renewables, chemical, pulp and paper mills, manufacturing facilities, bridges, mines, metal processing and power plants. 
 
 Headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, DBMG has domestic operations in Alabama, Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Kansas, Kentucky, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, South Carolina, Texas, Utah, Virginia, and Washington with construction projects primarily located in the aforementioned states. In addition, DBMG has international operations in Australia, Canada, India, New Zealand, the Philippines, Thailand, and the United Kingdom. 
 
 DBMG s results of operations are affected primarily by (i) the level of commercial, industrial and infrastructure construction as well as the need for mechanical and maintenance services in its principal markets; (ii) its ability to win project contracts; (iii) the number and complexity of project changes requested by customers or general contractors; (iv) its success in utilizing its resources at or near full capacity; and (v) its ability to complete contracts on a timely and cost-effective basis. The level of commercial, industrial and infrastructure construction activity is related to several factors, including local, regional and national economic conditions, interest rates, availability of financing, and the supply of existing facilities relative to demand. 
 
 Strategy 
 
 DBMG s objective is to achieve and maintain a leading position in the geographic regions and project segments that it serves by providing timely, high-quality services to its customers. DBMG pursues this objective with a strategy comprised of the following components: 
 
 Pursue Large, Value-Added Design-Build Projects: DBMG s unique ability to offer design-build services, a full range of steel construction services and project management capabilities makes it a preferred partner for complex, design-build fabrication projects in the geographic regions it serves. This capability often enables DBMG to bid against fewer competitors in a less traditional, more negotiated selection process on these kinds of projects, thereby offering the potential for higher margins while providing overall cost savings and project flexibility and efficiencies to its customers; 
 
 Expand and Diversify Revenue Base: DBMG is seeking to expand and diversify its revenue base by leveraging its long-term relationships with national and multi-national construction and engineering firms, national and regional accounts, original equipment manufacturers, industrial owners, and other customers. DBMG also intends to continue to grow its operations by targeting projects that carry higher margins and less risk of large margin fluctuations. DBMG believes that continuing to diversify its revenue base by completing projects - such as low-rise office buildings, healthcare facilities and other commercial and industrial structures - could reduce the impact of periodic adverse market or economic conditions, as well as the margin slippage that may accompany larger projects; 
 
 3 

Emphasize Innovative Services: DBMG focuses its BIM modeling, digital engineering, design-build, engineering, detailing, fabrication, erection, and construction expertise on larger, more complex projects, where it typically experiences less competition and more advantageous negotiated contract opportunities. DBMG has extensive experience in providing services requiring complex BIM modeling, detailing, fabrication and erection techniques and other unusual project needs, such as BIM coordination, specialized transportation, steel treatment or specialty coating applications, piping, machinery rigging and setting, deep foundations, and specialty welding. These service capabilities have enabled DBMG to address such design-sensitive projects as stadiums, uniquely designed hotels and casinos, pulp and paper mills, chemical plants, and other industrial and manufacturing facilities; 
 
 Diversify Customer and Product Base: Although DBMG seeks to achieve a leading share of the geographic and product markets in which it traditionally competes, it also seeks to diversify its product offerings and geographic markets through acquisition. By expanding the portfolio of products offered and geographic markets served, DBMG believes that it will be able to offer more value-added services to existing and new potential customers, as well as to reduce the impact of periodic adverse market or economic conditions; and 
 
 Ensure Project Delivery Success through Predictive Technologies : DBMG uses resources including data analytics, modeling and detailing, laser scan to BIM, and augmented and virtual reality to provide fully integrated solutions for a project s lifecycle from design through to fabrication and construction, as well as providing mechanical and facility services. DBMG is thus able to deliver optimal value and reliable outcomes that are on schedule and on budget across a wide variety of services and geographic regions. 
 
 Services and Customers 
 
 DBMG consists of five business units spread across diverse markets: Schuff Steel Company ("SSC") (steel fabrication and erection), Banker Steel (steel fabrication and erection), DBM Vircon (steel detailing, rebar detailing, bridge detailing, BIM modeling services and BIM management services), the Aitken product line (manufacturing of equipment for the oil and gas industry), and GrayWolf (steel fabrication and erection, specialty facility maintenance, repair, and installation services, as well as management of smaller structural steel projects, leveraging subcontractors). For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues were as follows (in millions): 
 Revenue of Total Revenue SSC 763.2 47.9 Banker Steel 564.1 35.4 GrayWolf 231.4 14.5 DBM Vircon 28.6 1.8 Aitken 7.0 0.4 Total 1,594.3 100.0 
 
 The majority of DBMG's business is in North America, but DBM Vircon provides detailing services on five continents, and SSC provides fabricated steel to Canada and other select countries. In 2022, DBMG's two largest customers represented approximately 28.7 of revenues. In 2021, DBMG s two largest customers represented approximately 23.4 of revenues. 
 
 DBMG s size gives it the production capacity to complete large-scale, demanding projects, with typical utilization per facility ranging from 90 - 96 and a sales pipeline that includes over 4.6 billion in potential revenue generation. DBMG believes it has benefited from being one of the largest players in a market that is highly fragmented across many small firms. 
 
 DBMG achieves a highly efficient and cost-effective construction process by focusing on collaborating with all project participants and utilizing its extensive digital engineering, design-build and design-assist capabilities with its clients. Additionally, DBMG has in-house fabrication, erection, and multi-discipline industrial construction capabilities combined with access to a network of subcontractors for smaller projects in order to provide high-quality solutions for its customers. DBMG offers a range of services across a broad geography through its fifteen fabrication shops in the United States and thirty-six sales and management facilities located in the United States, Australia, Canada, India, New Zealand, the Philippines, Thailand and the UK. 
 
 DBMG operates with minimal bonding requirements, with a current balance of 53.7 of DBMG's backlog (out of a total backlog of 1,782.3 million) as of December 31, 2022, and bonding is reduced as projects are billed rather than upon completion. DBMG has limited its raw material cost exposure by securing fixed prices from mills at contract bid as well as by utilizing its purchasing power as one of the largest domestic buyers of wide flange beams in the United States. 
 
 SSC offers a variety of services to its customers which it believes enhances its ability to obtain and successfully complete projects. These services fall into six distinct groups: design-assist/design-build, pre-construction design and budgeting, steel management, fabrication, erection, and BIM: 
 
 Design-Assist/Design-Build: Using the latest technology and BIM, DBMG works to provide clients with cost-effective steel designs. The end result is turnkey-ready, structural steel solutions for its diverse client base; 
 4 

Pre-Construction Design and Budgeting: Clients who contact DBMG in the early stages of planning can receive a DBMG-performed analysis of the structure and cost breakdown. Both of these tools allow clients to accurately plan and budget for any upcoming project; 
 
 Steel Management: Using DBMG s proprietary Steel Integrated Management System ("SIMS"), DBMG can track any piece of steel and instantly know its location. Additionally, DBMG can help clients manage steel subcontracts, providing clients with savings on raw steel purchases and giving them access to a variety of DBMG-approved subcontractors; 
 
 Fabrication: Through its six fabrication shops in Arizona, California, Kansas, and Utah, SSC has one of the highest fabrication capacities in the United States, with over 1.1 million square feet under roof and a maximum annual fabrication capacity of approximately 287,000 tons; 
 
 Erection: Named the top steel erector in the United States for 2007, 2008, 2011, 2013-2020, and 2022, and the second top steel erector for 2021 by Engineering News-Record, SSC knows how to add value to its projects through the safe and efficient erection of steel structures; and 
 
 BIM: DBMG uses BIM on every project to manage its role efficiently. Additionally, DBMG s use of SIMS in conjunction with its BIM platform Visualizer allows for real-time reporting on a project s progress and an information-rich model review. 
 
 Aitken is a manufacturer of equipment used in the oil, gas, petrochemical and pipeline industries. Aitken supplies the following products both nationwide and internationally: 
 
 Strainers : Temporary cone and basket strainers, tee-type strainers, vertical and horizontal permanent line strainers and fabricated duplex strainers; 
 
 Measurement Equipment: Orifice meter tubes, orifice plates, orifice flanges, seal pots, flow nozzles, Venturi tubes, low loss tubes and straightening vanes; and 
 
 Major Products: Spectacle blinds, paddle blinds, drip rings, bleed rings, and test inserts, ASME vessels, launchers and pipe spools. 
 
 DBM Vircon provides steel detailing, rebar detailing, BIM modeling and BIM management services for industrial and infrastructure and commercial construction projects in Australia, New Zealand, Europe and North America. 
 
 Steel Detailing: Utilizing industry leading technologies, DBM Vircon provides steel detailing services which include: shop drawings, erection plans, anchor bolt drawings, connection sketches, DSTV files for cutting and drilling, DXF files for plate work, field bolt lists, specialist reports and advance bill of material and piping; 
 
 Rebar Detailing: These services, including rebar detailing and estimating, are delivered by a staff experienced in rebar installation and familiar with the construction practices and constructability issues that arise on project sites. Deliverables include: field placement/shop drawings, field and/or phone support, 2D and 3D modeling, connection sketches, bar listing in ASA format, DGN files, and complete rebar estimating; 
 
 BIM Modeling: Through multidisciplinary teams, DBM Vircon creates highly accurate, scaled virtual models of each structural component. These independent models and data are integrated and standardized to produce a single 3D model simulation of the entire structure using DBM Vircon s proprietary application, Visualizer. This integrated model contains complete information for all functional requirements of a project, including procurement and logistics, financial modeling, claims and litigation, fabrication, construction support and asset management; 
 
 BIM Management: DBM Vircon is an industry leading provider of BIM management consultancy services ("BIM Management"), with clients ranging from government, industry organizations and general construction contractors. BIM Management of all project participants input, use and development of the applicable model is integral to ensuring that the model remains the single point of reference. DBM Vircon s BIM Management service includes the governing of process and workflow management, which is a collection of defined model uses, workflows, and modeling methods used to achieve specific, repeatable and reliable information results from the model. The way the model is created and shared, and the sequencing of its application, impacts the effective and efficient use of BIM for desired project outcomes and decision support; and 
 
 Bridge Steel Detailing: Utilizing industry leading technologies, DBM Vircon, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Candraft Detailing, provides steel detailing services for bridges which include: shop drawings, erection plans, anchor bolt drawings, connection sketches, DSTV files for cutting and drilling, DXF files for plate work, field bolt lists, specialist reports and advance bill of material and piping. 
 
 GrayWolf provides services including steel fabrication, steel management, maintenance, repair, erection, and installation to a diverse range of end markets in order to provide high-quality outage, turnaround, and new installation services to customers. GrayWolf provides the following services through its two major brands: GrayWolf Integrated Construction (formerly Titan Contracting, Titan Fabricators, and Inco Services), and Milco National Constructors. 
 
 5 

Specialty mechanical contracting services: GrayWolf offers specialty mechanical contracting services to the power, petrochemical, refining and other industrial markets. Its services including plant maintenance, specialty welding, equipment rigging, and mechanical construction to customers in the power, industrial, petrochemical, water treatment, and refining markets at a national level; 
 
 Specialty construction solutions for processing markets: Customers in the pulp and paper, metals, mining and minerals, and petrochemical markets utilize GrayWolf s specialized solutions including plant maintenance, process piping, equipment, and tank and vessel fabrication and erection that are catered to the needs and specifications of the customer s industry; 
 
 Turnarounds, tank construction, and piping services: GrayWolf offers services including plant maintenance, specialty welding, piping systems, and tanks and vessels construction to the power, pulp and paper, refining, petrochemical, and water treatment markets in the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic, Southeast, and West Coast; 
 
 Custom steel fabrication and erection: GrayWolf offers engineering, design, fabrication, modularization, erection and additional services to the heavy commercial and industrial markets in the Southwest, Midwest, Gulf Coast and Southeast; and 
 
 Structural steel management: GrayWolf provides turn-key steel fabrication and erection services with expertise in project management. Leveraging such strengths, GrayWolf uses its relationships with reliable subcontractors and erectors, along with state-of-the-art management systems, to deliver excellence to clients. 
 
 Banker Steel provides full-service fabricated structural steel and erection services primarily for the East Coast and Southeast commercial and industrial construction market in addition to full design-assist services. Banker Steel offers a variety of services to its customers, which it believes enhances its ability to obtain and successfully complete projects. These services fall into four distinct groups: design-assist/design-build, pre-construction design and budgeting, fabrication, and erection: 
 
 Desi gn-Assist/ Design-Build : Using the latest technology, Banker Steel helps developers plan, schedule, model and price projects from start to finish resulting in cost-effective steel designs; 
 
 Pre-Construction/Design and Budgeting : Clients who contact Banker Steel in the early stages of planning can receive a detailed analysis of the structure and cost breakdown. Both of these tools allow clients to accurately plan and budget for any upcoming project; 
 
 Fabrication: Through its five fabrication shops in Florida, New Jersey, South Carolina and Virginia, Banker Steel has maximum annual fabrication capacity of approximately 189,000 tons with over 584,000 square feet of space; typically focusing on complex, non-commoditized jobs with intensive fabrication requirements; and 
 
 Erection: Banker offers a full suite of erection services including horizontal and vertical erection services. 
 
 Suppliers 
 
 DBMG currently purchases its steel from a variety of domestic and foreign steel producers but is not dependent on any one producer. During the year ended December 31, 2022, DBMG, through SSC and Banker Steel, purchased approximately 60 of the total value of steel and steel components purchased from two domestic steel vendors. Refer to Item 1A - Risk Factors - "Risks Related to the Infrastructure segment" elsewhere in this document for discussion on DBMG s reliance on suppliers of steel and steel components. 
 
 Sales and Distributions 
 
 DBMG obtains contracts through competitive bidding or negotiation, which generally are fixed-price, cost-plus, unit cost, or time and material arrangements. Bidding and negotiations require DBMG to estimate the costs of the project up front, with most projects typically lasting from one to twelve months. However, large and more complex projects can often last two years or more. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 General managers along with sales managers lead DBMG s sales and marketing efforts. Each general manager is primarily responsible for sales, estimating, and marketing efforts in defined geographic areas. In addition, DBMG employs full-time project estimators and chief estimators. DBMG s sales representatives build and maintain relationships with general contractors, architects, engineers, OEMs, industrial owners, and other potential sources of business to identify potential new projects. DBMG generates future project reports to track the weekly progress of new opportunities. DBMG s sales efforts are further supported by most of its executive officers, engineering, and strategic sales and marketing personnel, who have substantial experience in the design, detailing, modeling, fabrication, industrial construction, maintenance, and erection of structural steel and heavy steel plate. 
 
 DBMG competes for new project opportunities through its relationships and interaction with its active and prospective customer base which provides valuable current market information and sales opportunities. In addition, DBMG is often contacted by governmental agencies in connection with public construction projects, and by large private-sector project owners, general contractors and engineering firms in connection with new building projects such as manufacturing and industrial plants, data centers, warehouse and distribution centers, and other industrial and commercial facilities. 
 6 

Upon selection of projects to bid or price, DBMG s estimating departments review and prepare projected costs of shop, field, detail drawing preparation and crane hours, steel and other raw materials, and other costs. With respect to bid projects, a formal bid is prepared detailing the specific services and materials DBMG plans to provide, along with payment terms and project completion timelines. Upon acceptance, DBMG s bid proposal is finalized in a definitive contract. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The principal geographic and product markets DBMG serves are highly competitive, and this intense competition is expected to continue. DBMG competes with other contractors for commercial, industrial and specialty projects on a local, regional, or national basis. Continued service within these markets requires substantial resources and capital investment in equipment, technology and skilled personnel, and certain of DBMG s competitors have financial and operating resources greater than DBMG. Competition also places downward pressure on DBMG s contract prices and margins. The principal competitive factors within the industry are price, timeliness of project completion, quality, reputation, and the desire of customers to utilize specific contractors with whom they have favorable relationships and prior experience. While DBMG believes that it maintains a competitive advantage with respect to many of these factors, failure to continue to do so or to meet other competitive challenges could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, DBMG employed 3,489 full-time and 186 part-time people across the globe, including the U.S., Canada, Australia, New Zealand, India, the Philippines, Thailand, and the UK. The number of persons DBMG employs on an hourly basis fluctuates directly in relation to the amount of business DBMG performs. Certain of the fabrication and erection personnel DBMG employs are represented by various trade unions. DBMG is a party to several separate collective bargaining agreements with these unions in certain of its current operating regions, which expire (if not renewed) at various times in the future. Approximately 22 of DBMG s employees are covered under various collective bargaining agreements. As of December 31, 2022, most of DBMG s collective bargaining agreements are subject to automatic annual or other renewal unless either party elects to terminate the agreement on the scheduled expiration date. DBMG considers its relationship with its employees to be satisfactory and, other than sporadic and unauthorized work stoppages of an immaterial nature, none of which have been related to its own labor relations, DBMG has not experienced a work stoppage or other labor disturbance. 
 
 DBMG strategically utilizes third-party fabrication and erection subcontractors on many of its projects and also subcontracts detailing services from time to time when its management determines that this would be economically beneficial (and/or when DBMG requires additional capacity for such services). DBMG s inability to engage fabrication, erection and detailing subcontractors on favorable terms could limit its ability to complete projects in a timely manner or compete for new projects, which could have a material adverse effect on its operations. 
 
 Legal, Environmental and Insurance 
 
 DBMG is subject to claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are inherently uncertain, and there can be no guarantee that the outcome of any such matter will be decided favorably to DBMG or that the resolution of any such matter will not have a material adverse effect upon DBMG or the Company s business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Neither DBMG nor the Company believes that any of such pending claims and legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on its (or the Company s) business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 DBMG s operations and properties are affected by numerous federal, state and local environmental protection laws and regulations, such as those governing discharges to air and water and the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. These laws and regulations have become increasingly stringent and compliance with these laws and regulations has become increasingly complex and costly. There can be no assurance that such laws and regulations or their interpretation will not change in a manner that could materially and adversely affect DBMG s operations. Certain environmental laws, such as CERCLA (the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act) and its state law counterparts, provide for strict and joint and several liability for investigation and remediation of spills and other releases of toxic and hazardous substances. These laws may apply to conditions at properties currently or formerly owned or operated by an entity or its predecessors, as well as to conditions at properties at which wastes or other contamination attributable to an entity or its predecessors come to be located. Although DBMG has not incurred any material environmental related liability in the past and believes that it is in material compliance with environmental laws, there can be no assurance that DBMG, or entities for which it may be responsible, will not incur such liability in connection with the investigation and remediation of facilities it currently operates (or formerly owned or operated) or other locations in a manner that could materially and adversely affect its operations. 
 
 DBMG maintains commercial general liability insurance in the amount of 2.0 million per occurrence and 4.0 million in the aggregate. In addition, DBMG maintains umbrella coverage limits of 75.0 million. DBMG also maintains insurance against property damage caused by fire, flood, explosion and similar catastrophic events that may result in physical damage or destruction of its facilities and property. DBMG maintains professional liability insurance in the amount of 10.0 million for professional services related to our work in steel erection and fabrication projects. 
 
 7 

All policies are subject to various deductibles and coverage limitations. Although DBMG s management believes that its insurance is adequate for its present needs, there can be no assurance that it will be able to maintain adequate insurance at premium rates that management considers commercially reasonable, nor can there be any assurance that such coverage will be adequate to cover all claims that may arise. 

Life Sciences Segment (Pansend Life Sciences, LLC) 
 
 Our Life Sciences segment is comprised of Pansend Life Sciences, LLC ("Pansend"). Pansend maintains controlling interests of approximately 80.0 in Genovel Orthopedics, Inc. ("Genovel"), which seeks to develop products to treat early osteoarthritis of the knee and approximately 56.6 in R2 Technologies, Inc. ("R2"), which develops aesthetic and medical technologies for the skin. Pansend also invests in other early stage or developmental stage healthcare companies including an approximately 47.2 interest in MediBeacon Inc. ("MediBeacon"), and an approximately 25.8 interest in Triple Ring Technologies, Inc. ("Triple Ring"). 
 
 R2 Technologies, Inc. 
 
 R2 develops and commercializes breakthrough aesthetic medical and non-medical devices in the aesthetic dermatology market. Founded in 2014 by Pansend and Blossom Innovations, LLC, R2 exclusively licenses intellectual property developed at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School. 
 
 Skin lightening and brightening is a large and fast-growing segment of aesthetic dermatology. Current lightening products and/or procedures may be ineffective, unpredictable or even harmful, and patients often must compensate for lack of efficacy by using makeup or concealers. R2 has developed breakthrough CryoAesthetic technologies that uniquely deliver treatments that provide patients skin lightening, brightening, skin tone evening and reduction or elimination of hyperpigmentation and inflammation. R2 s patented CryoModulation technology uses controlled cooling to suppress melanin, inflammation and discomfort by precisely controlling time and temperature to deliver an effective treatment with little social downtime. 
 
 In 2019, R2 closed on its Series B Preferred Stock financing round with its strategic partner, Huadong Medicine Company, Ltd., Huadong ). In connection with a staggered 30 million investment by Huadong, R2 entered into a distribution agreement with Huadong under which R2 granted Huadong all of R2's products in the Asia-Pacific region, and R2 is entitled to receive a share of Huadong's profits from such sales. As of December 31, 2022, R2 has received the entire 30 million investment from Huadong. 
 
 In 2021, Pansend invested 15 million in R2's Series C Preferred Stock at a post-money valuation of 150 million for R2. 
 
 R2 currently has three products in various stages of commercialization and development: 
 
 1. Glacial Rx Launched in the first quarter of 2021 in the United States after receiving U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA clearance for use in dermatologic procedures for the removal of benign lesions of the skin and for use when cooling is intended for the temporary reduction of pain, swelling, inflammation, and hematoma from minor surgical procedures. When used with R2 Dermabrasion Tips, the intended use includes general dermabrasion, scar revision, acne scar revision and tattoo removal. The Glacial Rx system effectively and comfortably addresses these conditions, leaving the skin with a smoother and brighter appearance with little downtime for the patient. The Glacial Rx system is sold to dermatologists and plastic surgeons and operated by trained healthcare professionals. 
 
 2. Glacial Spa Launched in the first half of 2022 in China after receiving China Non-Medical Classification, the Glacial Spa is a cooling experience used to even skin tone, and brighten and lighten skin. The Glacial Spa system will be sold by Huadong s existing sales force to spas and is intended to be operated by a trained aesthetician. 
 
 3. Glacial AI Currently undergoing research and development, the Glacial AI is an autonomous, robotic cooling device focused on whole-body skin lightening and brightening. 
 
 Sales and Distribution 
 
 In North America, R2 utilizes a direct sales force to sell Glacial Rx. As of December 31, 2022, R2 had a North American sales force of 20 employees, and total full-time employees of 46 and part-time employees of 9. 
 
 In international markets, R2 sells both Glacial Rx and Glacial Spa through distributors. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The medical technology and aesthetic product markets are highly competitive and dynamic and are characterized by rapid and substantial technological development and product innovations. Demand for our products could be limited by the products and technologies offered now or in the future by our competitors. 
 
 8 

Due to less stringent regulatory requirements, there are many more aesthetic products and procedures available for use in international markets than are cleared for use in the United States. There are also fewer limitations on the claims our competitors in international markets can make about the effectiveness of their products and the manner in which they can market them. As a result, we face more competition in these markets than in the United States. 
 
 We also compete against medical technology and aesthetic companies, including those offering products and technologies unrelated to skin lightening and brightening, for physician resources and mind share. Some of our competitors have a broad range of product offerings, large direct sales forces, and long-term customer relationships, which could inhibit our market penetration efforts. Our potential customers also may need to recoup the cost of expensive products that they have already purchased from our competitors, and thus they may decide to delay or not to purchase our products. 
 
 We believe that our products compete favorably, largely based on the following competitive factors: 
 
 Our products safely downregulate inflammation and pain, accelerate exfoliation and normalize melanin production. This is a breakthrough technology unlike any other currently available in the marketplace; 
 Our products are versatile, providing customized treatment capabilities for patients of all ages and skin types making every aesthetic patient a candidate; 
 Our products achieve measurable results with little to no patient discomfort and high patient satisfaction; 
 Glacial Rx is FDA cleared in the United States as a complementary treatment to improve the patient experience of most other pain or inflammation inducing treatments. This allows practices to offer a highly differentiated experience to existing customers and attract new business, generating additional revenue. 
 
 Governmental Approvals 
 
 The design, development, manufacture, testing and sale of our Glacial Rx product is subject to regulation by numerous governmental authorities, principally the FDA, and corresponding state and foreign regulatory agencies. 
 
 The Glacial Rx product (also known as the Dermal Cooling System) originally received 510(k) clearance in October 2016 as a cryosurgical instrument intended for use in dermatologic procedures for the removal of benign lesions of the skin. In July 2017, the FDA cleared device modifications implemented to improve usability of the Dermal Cooling System. Subsequently in September 2020, we received FDA clearance for expansion of the Dermal Cooling System indication to include use when cooling is intended for the temporary reduction of pain, swelling, inflammation, and hematoma from minor surgical procedures. In August 2021, the Dermal Cooling System was also cleared by the FDA for use with optional dermabrasion tip accessories for general dermabrasion, scar revision, acne scar revision, and tattoo removal. Most recently, in November 2022, FDA clearance was received for expansion of the Dermal Cooling System indication to include minimize pain, inflammation, and thermal injury during laser and dermatological treatments and for temporary topical anesthetic relief of injections. 
 
 We have received regulatory approval or are otherwise free to market the Glacial Rx product in numerous international markets. Any devices we manufacture or distribute pursuant to clearance or approval by the FDA are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and certain state agencies, including establishment registration and device listing with the FDA. We are required to adhere to applicable regulations detailed in FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices ("cGMP") as set forth in the Quality System Regulation, which include among other things, testing, control and documentation requirements. Non-compliance with these standards can result in, among other things, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls or seizures of products, total or partial suspension of production, refusal of the government to grant 510(k) clearance of devices, withdrawal of marketing approvals and criminal prosecutions. We and our contract manufacturer have designed and operate our manufacturing facilities under the FDA's cGMP requirements and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with regulatory requirements. 
 
 Because we are a manufacturer of medical devices, we must also comply with medical device reporting requirements by reviewing and reporting to the FDA whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that one of our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury. We must also report any incident in which our product has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. Labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission. Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA may not be promoted for unapproved or uncleared uses, otherwise known as off-label promotion. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including substantial monetary penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 
 The regulatory review process for medical devices varies from country to country, and many countries also impose product standards, packaging requirements, environmental requirements, labeling requirements and import restrictions on devices. Each country has its own tariff regulations, duties, and tax requirements. Failure to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements may subject a company to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions, criminal prosecution, or other consequences. 
 
 9 

The California Food Drug Branch inspected our San Ramon facility in December 2016 and had no findings or observations. In international markets, we are required to obtain and maintain various quality assurance and quality management certifications. We have obtained the following international certifications: EN ISO 13485:2016 Medical Devices - Quality Management Systems - Requirements for regulatory purposes and Medical Device Single Audit Program (US and Canada). In November 2022, we were audited by our Certification Body, SGS, and all certifications have been extended to cover our Dublin facility. 
 
 Sources of Raw Materials and Suppliers 
 
 We depend upon our contract manufacturer to build our products. We rely on purchase orders rather than long-term contracts with our contract manufacturer, which mitigates some risks, including price increases. However, this subjects us to other risks such as component shortages. We continue to evaluate alternative sources of supply for these components and materials. 
 
 Patents and Proprietary Technology 
 
 To establish and protect our proprietary technologies and products, we rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade-secret laws, as well as confidentiality provisions in our contracts. We have implemented a patent strategy designed to protect our technology and facilitate commercialization of our current and future products. As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio comprised 45 issued patents and 113 pending patent applications, each of which we either own directly or for which we are the exclusive licensee. Our intellectual property portfolio for our CryoModulation technology was built through the combination of licensing patents from third parties and the issuance of new patents to us as the result of our ongoing development activities. Many of our issued and pending patents were exclusively licensed from General Hospital Corporation, which owns and operates the Massachusetts General Hospital ("MGH") and generally relate to our core technology. In general, patents have a term of 20 years from the application filing date or earliest claimed priority date. We expect our issued and exclusively licensed patents to expire in 2037 or later. 
 
 We also rely on trade secrets, technical know-how, contractual arrangements, and continuing innovation to protect our intellectual property and maintain our competitive position. We have a policy to enter into confidentiality agreements with third parties, employees, and consultants. We also have a policy that our employees and consultants sign agreements requiring that they assign to us their interests in intellectual property such as patents and copyrights arising from their work for us. 
 
 Patent License Agreement 
 
 On December 8, 2014, the Company entered into a Patent License Agreement with MGH, whereby R2 may use certain licensor assets and patent rights for the commercial development, manufacturing, distribution and use in products and processes. The agreement, as amended, calls for royalties to be paid at 8 of net sales of all products and processes with minimum guarantees. Future annual minimum royalty payment commitments are as follows: 75,000 on the first anniversary, 100,000 on the second anniversary, 150,000 on the third anniversary, and 200,000 on the fourth anniversary of the effective date that occurs following the first commercial sale, and each subsequent anniversary of the effective date thereafter through the term. In addition, R2 will pay a milestone payment of 1,000,000 within sixty days of the earliest: (i) first commercial sale, (ii) first regulatory approval allowing Sale or marketing of a product or process in any country, (iii) the first marketing of a product or process in any country. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have completed all milestones associated with the license agreement with MGH and have made all required license fee and milestone payments to MGH described above. We continue to pay the royalty on net sales as required by the agreement and currently have no additional obligations to MGH resulting from any sublicensing agreement. 
 
 MediBeacon, Inc. 
 
 MediBeacon is developing a proprietary non-invasive real-time monitoring system for the evaluation of kidney function. Current methods to evaluate kidney function are indirect estimates that may be inaccurate and are not real-time. Chronic kidney disease is estimated to affect more than 850 million people worldwide. 
 
 MediBeacon s Transdermal GFR Measurement System TGFR ), which uses an optical skin sensor combined with Lumitrace, a proprietary agent that glows in the presence of light, will be the first non-invasive system to enable real-time, direct monitoring of kidney function at point-of-care. On October 22, 2018, the FDA granted Breakthrough Device designation to the TGFR for the measurement of Glomerular Filtration Rate GFR in patients with impaired or normal kidney function. Under the Breakthrough Device program, the FDA works with companies to expedite regulatory review in order to give patients more timely access to innovative diagnostic and therapeutic technologies. MediBeacon began its U.S. pivotal study in the second half of 2022 and is expected to submit results of the study to the FDA in the first half of 2023. 
 
 10 

In 2019, MediBeacon closed its Series B financing round with its strategic partner, Huadong. In connection with a 30 million staggered investment by Huadong, MediBeacon entered into an exclusive distribution agreement with Huadong, under which MediBeacon granted Huadong the exclusive rights to distribute all of MediBeacon s products in Greater China and MediBeacon will receive royalty payments on net sales of the TGFR system. Under this agreement, Huadong is also responsible for funding clinical trials, commercial and regulatory activities relating to the TGFR system in 25 countries in the Asia-Pacific region, including Greater China. MediBeacon received the first 15 million tranche during 2019 at a pre-money valuation of approximately 300 million. In 2020, Huadong amended their agreements to provide for Huadong to prepay 20 million of future China royalties to fund registration of the TGFR system as a Class 1 device in China, allowing it to immediately enter the Chinese hospital system. As of December 31, 2022, the full 20 million has been received. 
 
 On November 16, 2022, MediBeacon and Huadong amended their existing agreements to provide that Huadong will invest approximately 10 million in funding in MediBeacon by June 30, 2023, including 7.5 million or 50 of the remaining 15 million milestone investment due upon FDA approval of MediBeacon's TGFR, at a pre-money valuation of approximately 400 million. 
 
 MediBeacon is also exploring additional clinical applications of the patented Lumitrace technology, including: 
 
 1. Gastrointestinal permeability, which has the potential to transform management of autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, including Crohn s disease. Grants from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, in collaboration with scientists at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis and the Mayo Clinic, have supported MediBeacon s research in this area. The first in-human clinical studies were recently completed to study the feasibility of fluorescent tracer agent-based systems to quantify the permeability of the gastrointestinal tract in patients with active Crohn s disease. 
 
 2. Ocular angiography, which has the potential to diagnose and monitor vasculature leakage in the eye, a key factor in diagnosing and monitoring various diseases, including macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy and retinal vasculitis while avoiding current potential clinical side effects such as allergic reactions, nausea and vomiting. MediBeacon was the recipient of a Small Business Innovation Research grant supported by the National Eye Institute of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). With this support, MediBeacon is pursuing research into the use of a MediBeacon fluorescent tracer agent to visualize vasculature in the eye with clinical studies currently underway. 
 
 3. Surgical visualization feasibility, which has the potential to be used in open, laparoscopic and robotic surgeries to identify critical structures, tumor margins and blood flow in tissues in real-time. Clinical research in this area is still underway. 
 
 Genovel Orthopedics, Inc. 
 
 Genovel is a medical device company developing novel partial and total knee replacements for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee based on patented technology developed at New York University School of Medicine. 
 
 Triple Ring Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Triple Ring is a research and development engineering company specializing in medical devices, homeland security, imaging sensors, optics, fluidics, robotics and mobile healthcare. 

Spectrum Segment (HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc.) 
 
 HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc., ("HC2B" and together with its subsidiaries, "Broadcasting"), a majority-owned subsidiary of INNOVATE, is an owner and operator of broadcast TV stations throughout the U.S. and an avenue for high-end content providers to deliver their product OTA to more homes and, ultimately, mobile devices. Broadcasting s stations are interconnected to an internet protocol network backbone, which allows Broadcasting to monitor and operate the stations remotely, resulting in significant cost efficiencies. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Broadcasting operated 251 stations, including 3 Full-Power stations, 53 Class A stations and 195 LPTV stations. Broadcasting stations are collectively able to broadcast over 1,500 sub-channels and reach 106 markets in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, including 32 of the top 35 markets. Broadcasting has approximately 95 stations concentrated in the top 35 markets. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Broadcasting included Azteca America. Azteca America aired Spanish language programming targeting U.S. Hispanics. The majority of the network s programming was provided by TV Azteca, S.A.B. de C.V. ("TV Azteca"), Mexico s second largest broadcast network, under a multi-year Programming Licensing Agreement ("PLA"). Broadcasting had employees in the U.S. and contracted employees in Mexico under a Broadcast Services Agreement ("BSA") with TV Azteca dedicated to the operations of Azteca America. On December 31, 2022, Broadcasting shutdown the operations and broadcasting of the Azteca America network and, during the year ended December 31, 2022, terminated both the PLA and BSA with TV Azteca. New network content is now in place on those stations formerly carrying Azteca. 
 
 11 

Operating Broadcast Stations 
 
 Below are Broadcasting s operating stations as of December 31, 2022, listed by call sign and market rank: 
 
 Market Market 
 Rank (a) 
 Station Service New York, NY 1 W02CY-D LPTV Station WKOB-LD LPTV Station Los Angeles, CA 2 KSKJ-CD Class A Station KHIZ-LD LPTV Station Philadelphia, PA 3 WPSJ-CD Class A Station W25FG-D LPTV Station WDUM-LD LPTV Station WZPA-LD LPTV Station WPVN-CD Class A Station Chicago, IL 4 W31EZ-D LPTV Station Boston, MA 5 WLEK-LD LPTV Station Dallas - Ft. Worth, TX 7 K07AAD-D LPTV Station KHPK-LD LPTV Station KJJM-LD LPTV Station KNAV-LD LPTV Station KODF-LD LPTV Station KPFW-LD LPTV Station KQRO-LD LPTV Station San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose, CA 8 KEMO-TV Full-Power Station Atlanta, GA 9 WYGA-CD Class A Station WDWW-LD LPTV Station WUEO-LD LPTV Station WUVM-LD LPTV Station KUGB-CD Class A Station KUVM-CD Class A Station Houston, TX 10 KBMN-LD LPTV Station KEHO-LD LPTV Station KUVM-LD LPTV Station Tampa - St Petersburg - Sarasota, FL 11 WXAX-CD Class A Station W16DQ-D LPTV Station W31EG-D LPTV Station WTAM-LD LPTV Station Seattle, WA 12 KUSE-LD LPTV Station Detroit, MI 13 WDWO-CD Class A Station WUDL-LD LPTV Station Phoenix - Prescott, AZ 14 KPDF-CD Class A Station K12XP-D LPTV Station KTVP-LD LPTV Station Orlando - Daytona Beach - Melbourne, FL 15 WATV-LD LPTV Station WFEF-LD LPTV Station Minneapolis - St. Paul, MN 16 K33LN-D Class A Station K28PQ-D LPTV Station KJNK-LD LPTV Station KMBD-LD LPTV Station KMQV-LD LPTV Station KWJM-LD LPTV Station Denver, CO 17 KRDH-LD LPTV Station Miami - Ft. Lauderdale, FL 18 W16CC-D LPTV Station Cleveland - Akron - Canton, OH 19 KONV-LD LPTV Station WEKA-LD LPTV Station WQDI-LD LPTV Station WUEK-LD LPTV Station 
 12 

KBTV-CD Class A Station Sacramento - Stockton - Modesto, CA 20 K04QR-D LPTV Station K12XJ-D LPTV Station KAHC-LD LPTV Station KBIS-LD LPTV Station KFKK-LD LPTV Station KFMS-LD LPTV Station KFTY-LD LPTV Station Charlotte, NC 21 W15EB-D Class A Station WHEH-LD LPTV Station WVEB-LD LPTV Station Pittsburgh, PA 22 WJMB-CD Class A Station WKHU-CD Class A Station WMVH-CD Class A Station WWKH-CD Class A Station WWLM-CD Class A Station Raleigh - Durham - Fayetteville, NC 23 WIRP-LD LPTV Station WNCB-LD LPTV Station Portland, OR 24 KOXI-CD Class A Station St. Louis, MO 25 K25NG-D Class A Station KBGU-LD LPTV Station KPTN-LD LPTV Station W09DL-D LPTV Station WLEH-LD LPTV Station WODK-LD LPTV Station Baltimore, MD 26 WQAW-LD LPTV Station Nashville, TN 27 WCTZ-LD LPTV Station WKUW-LD LPTV Station Hartford - New Haven, CT 28 WRNT-LD LPTV Station WTXX-LD LPTV Station Indianapolis, IN 29 WQDE-LD LPTV Station WSDI-LD LPTV Station WUDZ-LD LPTV Station San Diego, CA 30 KSKT-CD Class A Station Columbus, OH 31 WDEM-CD Class A Station Salt Lake City, UT 33 KBTU-LD LPTV Station San Antonio, TX 35 KVDF-CD Class A Station K17MJ-D LPTV Station K25OB-D Class A Station KISA-LD LPTV Station KOBS-LD LPTV Station KSAA-LP LPTV Station KSSJ-LD LPTV Station Kansas City, MO 36 KAJF-LD LPTV Station KCMN-LD LPTV Station KQML-LD LPTV Station Milwaukee, WI 37 WTSJ-LD LPTV Station Austin, TX 39 KGBS-CD Class A Station KVAT-LD LPTV Station West Palm Beach - Ft. Pierce, FL 40 WWCI-CD Class A Station WDOX-LD LPTV Station WXOD-LD LPTV Station Las Vegas, NV 42 K36NE-D Class A Station KHDF-CD Class A Station KNBX-CD Class A Station KEGS-LD LPTV Station KVPX-LD LPTV Station 
 13 

Jacksonville, FL 45 WJXE-LD LPTV Station WKBJ-LD LPTV Station WODH-LD LPTV Station WRCZ-LD LPTV Station Birmingham - Anniston - Tuscaloosa, AL 46 WUDX-LD LPTV Station WUOA-LD LPTV Station Buffalo, NY 48 WVTT-CD Class A Station WWHC-LD LPTV Station Ft. Myers - Naples, FL 50 WGPS-LD LPTV Station Oklahoma City, OK 52 KOHC-CD Class A Station KBZC-LD LPTV Station KTOU-LD LPTV Station Albuquerque - Santa Fe, NM 53 KQDF-LD LPTV Station KWPL-LD LPTV Station New Orleans, LA 55 WTNO-LP Class A Station WQDT-LD LPTV Station Memphis, TN 56 W15EA-D Class A Station KPMF-LD LPTV Station WPED-LD LPTV Station WQEK-LD LPTV Station WQEO-LD LPTV Station Richmond - Petersburg, VA 57 WFWG-LD LPTV Station WUDW-LD LPTV Station WWBK-LD LPTV Station Mobile, AL - Pensacola, FL 60 WEDS-LD LPTV Station WWBH-LD LPTV Station Fresno - Visalia, CA 61 K17JI-D Class A Station KZMM-CD Class A Station Little Rock - Pine Bluff, AR 63 K23OW-D LPTV Station KENH-LD LPTV Station KWMO-LD LPTV Station Flint - Saginaw - Bay City, MI 64 W35DQ-D LPTV Station WFFC-LD LPTV Station Tulsa, OK 66 KUOC-LD LPTV Station KZLL-LD LPTV Station Rochester, NY 69 WGCE-CD Class A Station Charleston - Huntington, WV 73 WOCW-LD LPTV Station Madison, WI 75 W23BW-D Class A Station WZCK-LD LPTV Station Chattanooga, TN 78 WYHB-CD Class A Station Wichita - Hutchinson, KS 79 KFVT-LD LPTV Station Myrtle Beach - Florence, SC 80 W33DN-D LPTV Station Springfield, MO 82 KCNH-LD LPTV Station KFKY-LD LPTV Station Omaha, NE 83 KAJS-LD LPTV Station KQMK-LD LPTV Station Harlingen - Weslaco - Brownsville - McAllen, TX 84 KRZG-CD Class A Station KAZH-LP LPTV Station KNWS-LD LPTV Station Des Moines - Ames, IA 85 KAJR-LD LPTV Station KCYM-LD LPTV Station KRPG-LD LPTV Station Huntsville - Decatur - Florence, AL 86 W34EY-D Class A Station Savannah, GA 87 WDID-LD LPTV Station WUET-LD LPTV Station Waco - Temple - Bryan, TX 88 KAXW-LD LPTV Station KZCZ-LD LPTV Station 
 14 

Champaign - Springfield - Decatur, IL 90 W23EW-D LPTV Station WCQA-LD LPTV Station WEAE-LD LPTV Station Charleston, SC 91 WBSE-LD LPTV Station Traverse City - Cadillac, MI 92 W36FH-D LPTV Station Baton Rouge, LA 93 K27NB-D LPTV Station K29LR-D LPTV Station Greenville - New Bern - Washington, NC 94 W35DW-D LPTV Station Paducah, KY - Cape Girardeau, MO - Harrisburg, IL 95 W29CI-D Class A Station Shreveport, LA 96 K36MU-D LPTV Station South Bend - Elkhart, IN 98 KPDS-LD LPTV Station Cedar Rapids - Waterloo - Iowa City, IA 100 K17MH-D LPTV Station KFKZ-LD LPTV Station Reno, NV 101 K07AAI-D LPTV Station Ft. Smith - Fayetteville - Springdale - Rogers, AR 103 KAJL-LD LPTV Station KFLU-LD LPTV Station Lincoln - Hastings - Kearney, NE 106 KIUA-LD LPTV Station Wilmington, NC 108 WQDH-LD LPTV Station Tallahassee, FL - Thomasville, GA 110 W21EL-D LPTV Station Evansville, IN 111 WDLH-LD LPTV Station WEIN-LD LPTV Station WELW-LD LPTV Station Augusta, GA - Aiken, SC 113 WIEF-LD LPTV Station Ft. Wayne, IN 114 WFWC-CD Class A Station W25FH-D LPTV Station W30EH-D LPTV Station WCUH-LD LPTV Station WODP-LD LPTV Station Montgomery - Selma, AL 116 WDSF-LD LPTV Station WQAP-LD LPTV Station Tyler - Longview- Nacogdoches, TX 118 KBJE-LD LPTV Station KDKJ-LD LPTV Station KKPD-LD LPTV Station KPKN-LD LPTV Station KCEB Full-Power Station KORY-CD Class A Station Eugene, OR 119 K06QR-D LPTV Station Fargo - Valley City, ND 120 K15MR-D LPTV Station K31FD-D Class A Station Boise, ID 121 K17ED-D Class A Station KBKI-LD LPTV Station KFLL-LD LPTV Station Santa Barbara - San Luis Obispo, CA 122 KDFS-CD Class A Station KLDF-CD Class A Station KQMM-CD Class A Station KSBO-CD Class A Station KVMM-CD Class A Station KZDF-LD LPTV Station Yakima - Pasco - Richland - Kennewick, WA 123 K33EJ-D Class A Station K28QK-D LPTV Station Macon, GA 124 W28EU-D LPTV Station WJDO-LD LPTV Station Peoria - Bloomington, IL 125 W27EQ-D LPTV Station Bakersfield, CA 126 KTLD-CD Class A Station KXBF-LD LPTV Station Columbus, GA - Opelika - Auburn, AL 128 W29FD-D LPTV Station W31EU-D LPTV Station 
 15 

Lafayette, LA 129 K21OM-D LPTV Station La Crosse - Eau Claire, WI 130 W23FC-D LPTV Station Corpus Christi, TX 132 K21OC-D LPTV Station K32OC-D LPTV Station KCCX-LD LPTV Station KYDF-LD LPTV Station Palm Springs, CA 133 K21DO-D Class A Station Bangor, ME 139 W32FS-D LPTV Station W20ER-D LPTV Station Amarillo, TX 140 KAUO-LD LPTV Station KLKW-LD LPTV Station K35OY-D LPTV Station Lubbock, TX 146 K32OV-D LPTV Station KNKC-LD LPTV Station Topeka, KS 147 K35KX-D LPTV Station Joplin, MO - Pittsburg, KS 157 KPJO-LD LPTV Station KRLJ-LD LPTV Station Biloxi-Gulfport, MS 166 W33EG-D LPTV Station Jackson, TN 173 WYJJ-LD LPTV Station Quincy, IL - Hannibal, MO - Keokuk, IA 177 WVDM-LD LPTV Station K14SU-D LPTV Station Bowling Green, KY 184 WCZU-LD LPTV Station WKUT-LD LPTV Station Puerto Rico NA WQQZ-CD Class A Station W20EJ-D LPTV Station W27DZ-D LPTV Station WWKQ-LD LPTV Station WOST Full-Power Station (a) Rankings are based on the relative size of a station s Designated Market Area ("DMA") among the 210 generally recognized DMAs in the United States. 
 
 Broadcast Operations 
 
 Broadcasting carries approximately 70 networks on its stations, distributing content across the U.S. Broadcasting provides free OTA programming to television viewing audiences in the communities it serves. The programming Broadcasting distributes includes networks targeting shopping, weather, sports and entertainment programming, as well as religious networks and networks targeting select ethnic groups. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Broadcasting generates broadcast station revenue and network advertising revenue from its operations. Broadcast station revenue is generated primarily from the sale of television airtime in return for a fixed fee or a portion of the related ad sales. In a typical broadcast station revenue agreement, the owner of a station makes available, for a fee, airtime on a station subchannel to a third party. The third party broadcasts during that airtime and collects revenue from advertising aired during such content. Broadcast station revenue is recognized over the life of the contract. The fees charged can be fixed or variable and the contracts that the Company enters into are generally short-term in nature. Variable fees are usage/sales-based and are recognized as revenue when the subsequent usage occurs. 
 
 Network advertising revenue is generated primarily from the sale of television airtime for advertisements or paid programming. Network advertising inventory is sold in the upfront and scatter markets and is offered at market rates, based on a number of factors such as available inventory, network programming and ratings, and economic conditions. In the upfront market, advertisers buy advertising time for the upcoming season. In the scatter market, advertisers buy advertising time close to when the commercials will be run and varies quarter over quarter. In some cases, the network advertising sales are subject to impressions guarantees that require the Broadcasting to provide additional advertising time if the guaranteed audience levels are not achieved. Network advertising revenue is recognized when advertising spots are aired, and as impression guarantees, if any, are achieved. Impressions are defined as the number of times that an advertisement is viewed by users. The achievement of performance guarantees is based on audience viewership from an independent research company. If there is a guarantee to deliver a targeted audience number of impressions, revenues are recognized based on the proportion of the audience impressions delivered to the total guaranteed in the contract. 
 
 For the local inventory, Broadcasting sells national spot advertising and local advertising. National spot advertising represents time sold to advertisers that advertise in more than one DMA. Local advertising revenue is generated from local merchants and service providers. National and local advertising spots are generally sold without guaranteed ratings, and revenue is recognized when spots are aired. 
 
 16 

Network distribution revenue consists of fees charged and payments received from cable, satellite and other multiple video program distribution MVPD systems for their retransmission of our network content. Broadcasting s network is aired on MVPDs pursuant to multi-year carriage agreements that provide for the level of carriage that the Company s network will receive. Carriage of the network is generally determined by package, such as whether the network is included in the more widely distributed, general entertainment packages offered or lesser-distributed, specialized packages, such as U.S. Hispanic-targeted or Spanish language package. Network distribution revenue is determined on the contractual rate-per-subscriber negotiated in the agreements, the average number of subscribers that receive content, and the market demand for the content that Broadcasting provides. Network distribution fees received from MVPDs are recognized as revenue in the period that services are provided. 
 
 With the shut-down of the Azteca America network on December 31, 2022, Broadcast revenues will be driven principally by channel leases and revenue share agreements with some 70 other networks carried on Broadcasting's stations. 
 
 Strategy 
 
 Broadcasting s strategy includes the following initiatives: 
 
 Broadcasting is principally designed to be a nationwide OTA distribution platform, targeting the growing number of OTA households in the U.S.; 
 Broadcasting's vision is to capitalize on the opportunities to bring valuable content to more viewers over-the-air and to position itself for the changing media landscape and to take advantage of the technology advances rapidly underway in the industry; 
 As of December 31, 2022, 245 operating stations are connected to Broadcasting's cloud-based IP backbone and can be operated and monitored remotely, allowing for substantial cost savings and operating efficiencies. In 2018, FCC deregulation in TV broadcasting eliminated the need for full time employees and studio facilities in markets where Broadcasting operates Full-Power and Class A stations, thus allowing Broadcasting to operate these stations remotely at greater cost efficiency; 
 Broadcasting's major focus is to attract the highest quality content providers looking for nationwide distribution. With its national footprint and cloud-based infrastructure, Broadcasting also expects to realize premium pricing for content distribution; and, 
 Broadcasting's growing revenue source is from providing national carriage to content providers. Carriage contracts pricing is in part determined by the signal contour of the broadcast station and the number of OTA TV households in a given market, as well as market supply and demand. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our television stations compete in the U.S. domestic media market for multicast network tenants, viewer audiences and advertisers. In the last several years, there has been increasing competition from not just cable channels but also streaming services, digital platforms, social media, and internet-delivered video channels. These media platforms have taken market share from over-the-air (OTA) broadcast stations like ours. Full Power stations delivering OTA multicast networks also represent direct competition in all our markets. Because our stations are mostly LPTVs and Class A stations, our signal coverage of a market is often less than that of Full Power stations, resulting in a competitive advantage for Full Power stations. As a result of improvements in digital compression technology over the last several years, many Full Power stations have increased the number of subchannels that they can lease to OTA multicast networks, resulting in increased competition in many of our markets over the last several years. 
 
 Because nearly all our stations are LPTV and Class A, they do not have primary channel must carry rights and, therefore, have no signal coverage and carriage on multichannel video programming distributor ("MVPD") systems. Our lack of MVPD distribution materially affects our television stations competitive position in attracting programmers and viewers. Specifically, MVPD systems can increase a broadcasting station s competition for viewers in a market by providing both cable networks and distant television station signals not otherwise available to the station s audience. Other sources of competition for audiences, programming and advertisers include streaming services, connected televisions, internet websites, mobile applications and wireless carriers, direct-to-consumer video distribution systems, and home entertainment systems. Recent developments by many companies, including internet streaming service providers and internet website operators, have expanded, and are continuing to expand, the variety and quality of broadcast and non-broadcast video programming available to consumers via the internet. Internet companies have developed business relationships with companies that have traditionally provided syndicated programming, network television and other content. As a result, additional programming has, and is expected to further become, available through non-traditional methods, which can directly impact the number of OTA TV viewers, and, thus, indirectly impact station revenues. 
 
 Government Approvals and Regulation 
 
 Federal broadcasting industry regulations limit our operating flexibility. The FCC regulates all local television broadcasters, including us. We must obtain FCC approval whenever we (i) apply for a new license; (ii) seek to renew or modify a license; (iii) purchase or sell a broadcast station license; and/or (iv) assign or transfer the control of one of our subsidiaries that holds a license. Our FCC licenses are critical to our operations, and we cannot operate without them. Our FCC licenses must be renewed every 8 years. The current television license renewal cycle began in 2020, and many of our licenses have been renewed, but others remain pending. While we cannot be certain that the FCC will renew the remaining licenses or that we will always obtain renewal grants in the future, the FCC has historically renewed the Company s broadcast licenses in substantially all cases. The Company does not believe that the expiration or non-renewal of any of our FCC licenses would have a material adverse effect on the expected future cash flows and profitability. 
 
 17 

The FCC can sanction us for programming broadcast on our stations that it finds to be indecent. Over the past several years, the FCC has increased its enforcement efforts regarding broadcast indecency and profanity. Additionally, our Full-Power stations and Class A stations are subject to additional FCC rules regarding the airing of mandatory children s programming and local content. While we have measures in place to remain compliant, shortfalls in required programming for Full-Power stations and Class A stations may result in financial penalties levied by the FCC or, in worst cases, the loss of license. 
 
 Federal legislation and FCC rules have changed significantly in recent years and may continue to change. These changes may affect our ability to conduct our business in ways that we believe would be advantageous and may impact our operating results. 
 
 New Broadcast TV Technology: ATSC 3.0 
 
 In 2017, the FCC approved ATSC 3.0, next generation broadcast standards defining how television signals are broadcast and interpreted. ATSC 3.0 is an enhancement to previous broadcast standards, providing enhanced picture and audio quality, mobility, addressability, increased capacity, and IP connectivity. ATSC 3.0 will offer a platform to merge linear programming and non-TV data services alongside OTA and over-the-top ("OTT"). Among the many emerging opportunities will be hyper-local news, weather, and traffic; dynamic ad insertion; geographic and demographic targeted advertising; customizable content; better measurement and analytics; the ability to share data with devices connected to the Internet; flexibility to add streams as needed; an ultra-high definition picture quality with enhanced immersive audio; and connectivity to automobiles. In addition, ATSC 3.0 will provide new emergency capabilities including advanced alerting functions which can relay evacuation routes and device wake-up features. Many of these features will be available to mobile devices. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Broadcasting employed 18 full-time employees and 1 part-time employees across the U.S. 
 
 Refer to Note 20. Operating Segments and Related Information for additional detail regarding our Segment's operations and financial information. 

Environmental Regulation and Laws 
 
 Our operations and properties, including those of DBMG, are subject to a wide variety of increasingly complex and stringent foreign, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those concerning emissions into the air, discharge into waterways, generation, storage, handling, treatment and disposal of waste materials and health and safety of employees. Sanctions for noncompliance may include revocation of permits, corrective action orders, administrative or civil penalties and criminal prosecution. Some environmental laws provide for strict, joint and several liability for remediation of spills and other releases of hazardous substances, as well as damage to natural resources. In addition, companies may be subject to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as a result of alleged exposure to hazardous substances. These laws and regulations may also expose us to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by others, or for our acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time such acts were performed. 
 
 Compliance with federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or relating to the protection of the environment has not had a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. Based on our experience to date, we do not currently anticipate any material adverse effect on our business or consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows as a result of future compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations. However, future events, such as changes in existing laws and regulations or their interpretation, more vigorous enforcement policies of regulatory agencies, or stricter or different interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may require additional expenditures by us, which may be material. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant environmental compliance costs in the future. 

Corporate Information 
 
 INNOVATE, a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in 1994. Our Internet address is www.innovatecorp.com . We make available free of charge through our Internet website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The information on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our reports filed with the SEC may be accessed at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 The information required by this item relating to our executive officers, directors and code of conduct is set forth in Item 10. Information relating to our Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the Caption "Board Committees" and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, the following, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows: 
 18 

Risks Related to Our Businesses 
 
 The ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions, our principal source of cash 
 Our levels of indebtedness, financing arrangements and other obligations 
 Restrictive covenants in our debt and preferred stock instruments 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations 
 Ability to meet working capital requirements 
 Dependence on key personnel and ability to attract and retain skilled personnel 
 Any identified material weaknesses in our internal controls 
 Impact of inflationary pressures 
 Constraints in the labor market and increases in labor costs 
 Foreign exchange rate volatility 
 Impact of competition on our business 
 Impact of any potential future acquisitions and ability to manage future growth and the incurrence of substantial costs in connection with acquisitions 
 Cyber-attacks and other privacy or data security incidents 
 Managing growth related to increased operational size 
 Ability to fully utilize net operating loss and other tax carryforwards 
 Risk of restated financial statements 
 Presentation of corporate opportunities by certain current and former directors and officers and the impact of related party transactions 
 Our status as a non-investment company 
 Impact of potential litigation 
 Deterioration of global economic conditions and the impact of operating globally 
 Impact of climate change 
 Compliance costs related to our acquired businesses 
 Ability of our development stage companies to produce revenues or income 
 Adverse tax impact of our acquisitions or dispositions 
 Lack of sole control in joint venture investments 
 Ability to protect our intellectual property 
 Potential dilution of our current stockholders 
 Effect of future sales of common stock by preferred stockholders 
 Common stock price fluctuations 
 Prevention of potential takeover due to Delaware law and charter documents 
 Activist stockholders 
 
 Risks Related to the Infrastructure segment 
 
 Unpredictability in timing of DBMG s construction contracts and payments thereunder 
 Transportation challenges as a result of COVID-19 
 Impact of construction contract pricing terms, including fixed-price and cost-plus pricing 
 Termination or cancellation of construction projects 
 Increased concentration of construction projects in backlog 
 Ability to realize revenue value reported in backlog 
 Ability to meet contractual schedule or performance requirements 
 Modification or termination of government contracts 
 Reliability of subcontractors and third-party vendors 
 Impact of inflationary pressures 
 Volatility in the supply and demand for steel and steel components 
 Dependability of steel component suppliers 
 Intense competition in construction markets 
 Ability of customers to receive applicable regulatory and environmental approvals 
 Impact of failure to obtain or maintain required licenses 
 Impact of bonding and letter of credit capacity 
 Variability in liquidity over time 
 Exposure to professional liability, product liability, warranty and other claims 
 Impact of environmental compliance costs 
 Impact of potential litigation 
 Union labor disruptions that would interfere with operations 
 Ability to maintain safe work environment 
 
 Risks related to the Life Sciences segment 
 
 Significant fluctuations in Pansend's operating results 
 High levels of competition in the life sciences space 
 19 

Reliance on third parties for sales, marketing, manufacturing and/or distribution 
 Limited current and historical operating revenue 
 Impact of a failure to obtain or maintain necessary FDA (or foreign equivalent) clearances and approvals 
 Risks associated with the misuse by customers, physicians and technicians of Pansend's products 
 Pansend's limited manufacturing experience 
 Competition for skilled technical professional personnel 
 Obsolescence of Pansend's products 
 Ability of Pansend to effectively protect its intellectual property and the impact of a failure to do so 
 Patient satisfaction with R2's procedures 
 Impact of third party intellectual property infringement claims 
 
 Risks related to the Spectrum segment 
 
 Effectiveness of our operations in a highly competitive market 
 Impact of FCC regulations, including with respect to broadcasting licenses, or Congressional legislation 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 The following risk factors and the forward-looking statements elsewhere herein should be read carefully in connection with evaluating the business of the Company and its subsidiaries. A wide range of events and circumstances could materially affect our overall performance, the performance of particular businesses and our results of operations, and therefore, an investment in us is subject to risks and uncertainties. In addition to the important factors affecting specific business operations and the financial results of those operations identified elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following important factors, among others, could adversely affect our operations. While each risk is described separately below, some of these risks are interrelated, and it is possible that certain risks could trigger the applicability of other risks described below. Also, the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that are currently deemed immaterial, could also potentially impair our overall performance, the performance of particular businesses and our results of operations. These risk factors may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time in filings and reports that we file with the SEC in the future. 
 
 To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those relating to the Company s level of indebtedness, its ability to comply with the financial covenants contained in the agreements that govern the Company s indebtedness and volatility of the Company s common stock price. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Businesses 
 
 INNOVATE is a holding company and its only material assets are its cash on hand, equity interests in its operating subsidiaries and its other investments. As a result, INNOVATE s principal source of revenue and cash flow is distributions from its subsidiaries and its subsidiaries may be limited by law and by contract in making distributions to INNOVATE. 
 
 As a holding company, INNOVATE's material assets are its cash and cash equivalents, the equity interests in its subsidiaries and other investments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 80.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash. On a stand-alone basis, as of December 31, 2022, the Non-Operating Corporate segment had cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash, of 9.1 million. 
 
 INNOVATE s principal source of revenue and cash flow is distributions from its subsidiaries. Thus, its ability to service its debt, including the 330.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.5 Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (the "Secured Notes"), 51.8 million aggregate principal of 7.50 convertible senior notes due 2026 (the "2026 Convertible Notes"), and 20.0 million secured revolving credit agreement (the Revolving Credit Agreement ), of which 20.0 million was drawn as of December 31, 2022, and to finance future acquisitions, is dependent on the ability of its subsidiaries to generate sufficient net income and cash flows to make upstream cash distributions to INNOVATE. INNOVATE s subsidiaries are separate legal entities, and although they may be wholly-owned or controlled by INNOVATE, they have no obligation to make any funds available to INNOVATE, whether in the form of loans, dividends, distributions or otherwise. The ability of INNOVATE s subsidiaries to distribute cash to it is, and will remain subject to, among other things, restrictions that are contained in its subsidiaries financing agreements, availability of sufficient funds and applicable state laws and regulatory restrictions. For instance, DBMG is a borrower under credit facilities that restrict their ability to make distributions or loans to INNOVATE. Specifically, DBMG is party to credit agreements that include certain financial covenants that can limit the amount of cash available to make upstream dividend payments to INNOVATE. For additional information, refer to Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources". 
 
 20 

Claims of creditors of our subsidiaries generally will have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and claims of our creditors and stockholders. To the extent the ability of INNOVATE s subsidiaries to distribute dividends or other payments to INNOVATE could be limited in any way, our ability to grow, pursue business opportunities or make acquisitions that could be beneficial to our businesses, or otherwise fund and conduct our business could be materially limited. In addition, if INNOVATE depends on distributions and loans from its subsidiaries to make payments on INNOVATE s debt, and if such subsidiaries were unable to distribute or loan money to INNOVATE, INNOVATE could default on its debt, which would permit the holders of such debt to accelerate the maturity of the debt which may also accelerate the maturity of other debt of ours with cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions. 
 
 To service our indebtedness and other obligations, we will require a significant amount of cash. 
 
 Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to meet our debt service obligations, including under our outstanding indebtedness, and our obligations under our outstanding shares of preferred stock, could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and outstanding preferred stock and to fund working capital needs and planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. For a description of our and our subsidiaries' indebtedness, refer to Note 13. Debt Obligations to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or if future borrowings are not available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us and our subsidiaries to pay our indebtedness or make mandatory redemption payments with respect to our outstanding shares of preferred stock, or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or redeem the preferred stock, on or before the maturity thereof, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments or seek to raise additional capital, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 In addition, we may not be able to effect any of these actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness or redeem the preferred stock will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt or financings related to the redemption of our preferred stock could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments or preferred stock may limit or prevent us from taking any of these actions. In addition, any failure to make scheduled payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness or dividend payments on our outstanding shares of preferred stock would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness or otherwise raise capital on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service and other obligations, or to refinance or restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness and Certificates of Designation for our outstanding shares of preferred stock contain various covenants that limit our discretion in the operation of our business and/or require us to meet financial maintenance tests and other covenants. The failure to comply with such tests and covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness and the Certificates of Designation for our outstanding shares of preferred stock contain, and any of our other future financing agreements may contain, covenants imposing operating and financial restrictions on our businesses. 
 
 The indentures governing our outstanding senior secured notes and convertible notes contain, and any future indentures may contain various covenants, including those that restrict our ability to, and, in certain cases, the ability of the Company s subsidiaries, to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness; create liens; engage in sale-leaseback transactions; pay dividends or make distributions in respect of capital stock; make certain restricted payments; sell assets; engage in transactions with affiliates; or consolidate or merge with, or sell substantially all of its assets to, another person. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. 
 
 The debt facilities at our subsidiaries contain similar covenants applicable to each respective subsidiary. These covenants may limit our ability to effectively operate our businesses. For example, DBMG has an indemnity agreement with its surety bond provider that also contains covenants on retention of capital requirements for DBMG, which may limit the amount of dividends DBMG may pay to its stockholders. 
 
 In addition, the indenture governing our 2026 Senior Secured Notes dated February 1, 2021, by and among INNOVATE, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the "Secured Indenture") requires that we meet certain financial tests, including a collateral coverage ratio and minimum liquidity test. Our ability to satisfy these tests may be affected by factors and events beyond our control, and we may be unable to meet such tests in the future. 
 
 Any failure to comply with the restrictions in the agreements governing our indentures, or any agreement governing other indebtedness we could incur, may result in an event of default under those agreements. Such default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, which acceleration may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt. If any of these risks were to occur, our business and operations could be materially and adversely affected. Refer to Footnote 13. Debt Obligations to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 21 

The Certificates of Designation provide the holders of our preferred stock with consent and voting rights with respect to certain of the matters referred to above, in addition to certain corporate governance rights. These restrictions may interfere with our ability to obtain financings or to engage in other business activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 
 Our business, operating results and financial condition may continue to be adversely impacted by COVID-19. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected the economies and financial markets of many countries. The Company's business may continue to adversely affected by the pandemic s global economic impact. This may include adverse effects stemming from any recession, economic downturn, government spending cuts, tightening of credit markets or increased unemployment that may occur in the future, which could cause our ultimate customers and potential customers to postpone or reduce spending on our products or put downward pressure on prices. 
 
 From time to time during the pandemic, many governments implemented policies intended to stop or slow the spread of COVID-19. Although no material restrictions are currently in place in the countries in which we operate, there could be additional restrictions enacted in the future in response to changes in the ongoing pandemic or potential future waves in the regions where we operate. 
 
 COVID-19 continues to cause labor shortages and supply chain disruptions, which may create significant delays in our ability to complete projects or deliver products, including in our Infrastructure and Life Sciences segments. Our receipt of materials from areas impacted by the pandemic was slowed or disrupted in 2022 and we expect our suppliers to continue to face similar challenges in fulfilling orders. In addition, reductions in the number of ocean carrier voyages, ocean freight capacity issues, congestion at major international gateways and other factors resulted in increased shipping costs and may continue to do so. In addition, in the United States, in 2022 trucking costs rose dramatically due to driver shortages and increased labor costs, as well as new federal and state safety, environmental and labor regulations, and these costs may continue to rise. These changes, as well as COVID-19 related state and local restrictions on domestic trucking and the operation of distribution centers that may be implemented, may continue to disrupt our supply chains, which may result in delays in the completion of our projects and cause us to incur significant additional costs. Although we may attempt to pass on certain of these increased costs to our customers, we may not be able to pass all of these cost increases on to our customers. As a result, our margins may be adversely impacted by such cost increases. These supply chain disruptions and transportation challenges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Our Life Sciences segment may be adversely disrupted by the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, requirements to implement COVID-19 operational measures at clinical trial sites may result in clinical studies in some locations being delayed. Such delays may slow progress towards regulatory clearances and approval of our products in the U.S. and globally. Our Spectrum segment has been and may continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in several ways. Our Spectrum segment is dependent on advertising revenue, and, earlier in the pandemic, numerous advertisers reduced or suspended their purchase of television advertising time, primarily due to the cessation of local consumer business activity mandated by state governors. If such mandates are implemented, advertisers may reduce or suspend their purchase of television advertising time, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Individually and collectively, the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to adversely impact the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this "Risk Factors" section, such as those related to the Company's level of indebtedness, its ability to comply with the financial covenants contained in the agreements that govern the Company's indebtedness and volatility of the Company's common stock price. 
 
 We have significant indebtedness and other financing arrangements and could incur additional indebtedness and other obligations, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness and outstanding shares of preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, our total outstanding indebtedness was 725.3 million and the accrued value of our outstanding preferred stock has a combined redemption value of 16.1 million with a current fair value as of December 31, 2022 of 17.6 million. We may not generate enough cash flow to satisfy our obligations under such indebtedness and other arrangements. This significant amount of indebtedness poses risks such as risk of inability to repay such indebtedness, as well as: 
 
 increased vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 higher interest expense if interest rates increase on our floating rate borrowings are not effective to mitigate the effects of these increases; 
 our Secured Notes are secured by substantially all of INNOVATE s assets and those of certain of INNOVATE s subsidiaries that have guaranteed the Secured Notes, including certain equity interests in our other subsidiaries and other investments, as well as certain intellectual property and trademarks, and those assets cannot be pledged to secure other financings; 
 certain assets of our subsidiaries are pledged to secure their indebtedness, and those assets cannot be pledged to secure other financings; 
 our having to divert a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness and other arrangements, thereby reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments and other general corporate purposes; 
 22 

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing, on terms we find acceptable, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, expansion plans and other investments, which may limit our ability to implement our business strategy; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate or to take advantage of market opportunities; and 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt and fewer other outstanding obligations. 
 
 In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness or enter into additional financing arrangements in the future in the ordinary course of business. The terms of the Secured Indenture and our subsidiaries other financing arrangements allow us to incur additional debt and issue additional shares of preferred stock, subject to certain limitations. If additional indebtedness is incurred or equity is issued, the risks described above could intensify. In addition, our inability to maintain certain leverage ratios could result in acceleration of a portion of our debt obligations and could cause us to be in default if we are unable to repay the accelerated obligations. 
 
 We have experienced significant historical, and may experience significant future, operating losses and net losses, which may hinder our ability to meet working capital requirements or service our indebtedness, and we cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet such requirements or service our indebtedness. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will recognize net income in future periods. If we cannot generate net income or sufficient operating profitability, we may not be able to meet our working capital requirements or service our indebtedness. Our ability to generate sufficient cash for our operations will depend upon, among other things, the future financial and operating performance of our operating businesses, which will be affected by prevailing economic and related industry conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We recognized net loss attributable to INNOVATE of 35.9 million in 2022 and net loss attributable to INNOVATE of 227.5 million in 2021, and have incurred net losses in prior periods. 
 
 We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets and/or seek additional capital or financings. Our ability to obtain future financings will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any financings could be at high interest rates and may require us to comply with covenants in addition to, or more restrictive than, covenants in our current financing documents, which could further restrict our business operations. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions for fair market value or at all. Furthermore, any proceeds that we could realize from any such disposition may not be adequate to meet our obligations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized cash flows used in continuing operating activities of 9.5 million and 6.5 million, respectively. 
 
 We are dependent on Wayne Barr, Jr., our President and Chief Executive Officer, and certain other key personnel, the loss or distraction of whom may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We believe that the future success of INNOVATE and its operating subsidiaries depends and will depend to a significant extent upon the performance of Wayne Barr, Jr., our President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), who has served as a director of INNOVATE since January 2014, as Lead Director during March 2020, as interim CEO from June 2020 to November 2020 and as President and CEO of INNOVATE since November 2020, as well as the services of other key personnel at INNOVATE and its operating subsidiaries, which may consist of a relatively small number of individuals that possess sales, marketing, engineering, financial, technical and other skills that are critical to the operation of our businesses. The executive management teams that lead our subsidiaries are also highly experienced and possess extensive skills in their relevant industries. The ability to retain key personnel is important to our success and future growth. Competition for these professionals can be intense, and we may not be able to retain and motivate our existing officers and senior employees, and continue to compensate such individuals competitively. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of these individuals, whether due to competition, distraction caused by personal matters or otherwise, could have a detrimental effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our businesses, and could hinder the ability of such businesses to effectively compete in the various industries in which we operate. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries may not be able to attract and/or retain additional skilled personnel. 
 
 We may not be able to attract new personnel, including management and technical and sales personnel, necessary for future growth, or replace lost personnel. In particular, the activities of some of our operating subsidiaries require personnel with highly specialized skills. Competition for the best personnel in our businesses can be intense. Our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to attract and/or retain qualified personnel. 
 
 We may identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which could adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 23 

In future periods, if the process required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act") reveals or we otherwise identify one or more material weaknesses or significant deficiencies, the correction of any such material weakness or significant deficiency could require additional remedial measures including additional personnel which could be costly and time-consuming. If a material weakness exists as of a future period year-end (including a material weakness identified prior to year-end for which there is an insufficient period of time to evaluate and confirm the effectiveness of the corrections or related new procedures), our management will be unable to report favorably as of such future period year-end to the effectiveness of our control over financial reporting. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in any future period, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock and potentially subject us to additional and potentially costly litigation and governmental inquiries/investigations. 
 
 Prolonged inflation could result in higher costs and decreased margins and earnings. 
 
 A majority of our products are manufactured and sold inside of the United States, which increases our exposure to, among other things, domestic inflation and fuel price increases. Recent inflationary pressures have resulted in increased interest rates, fuel, wages, freight and container expenses and other costs which, if they continue for a prolonged period, may adversely affect our results of operations. If our costs remain subject to continuing significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 
 
 Overall tightening of the labor market increases in labor costs or any possible labor unrest may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our business requires a substantial number of personnel. Any failure to retain stable and dedicated labor by us may lead to disruption to our business operations. Although we have not experienced any labor shortages to date, we have observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, increases in labor costs due to increases in salary and wages, social benefits and employee headcount. We compete with other companies in our industry and other labor-intensive industries for labor, and we may not be able to offer competitive remuneration and benefits compared to them. If we are unable to manage and control our labor costs, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar and in foreign currencies may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We conduct various operations outside the United States. As a result, we face exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. These exposures include but are not limited to: 
 
 re-measurement gains and losses from changes in the value of foreign denominated assets and liabilities; 
 translation gains and losses on foreign subsidiary financial results that are translated into U.S. dollars, our functional currency, upon consolidation; and 
 planning risk related to changes in exchange rates between the time we prepare our annual and quarterly forecasts and when actual results occur. 
 
 Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of NYSE could result in a delisting of our securities, which in turn could adversely affect our financial condition and the market for our common stock. 
 
 On October 27, 2022, the Company was notified by NYSE that the average closing price of the Company s common stock had fallen below 1.00 per share over a period of 30 consecutive trading days, which is the minimum average share price required by Section 802.01C of the NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 802.01C ). On January 3, 2023, the Company was notified by the NYSE that it had regained compliance with this listing standard. However, if in the future we fall below this standard and do not regain compliance, there is a risk that our common stock would be delisted from NYSE. If the common stock ultimately were to be delisted from the NYSE, it could negatively impact the Company by, among other things, (i) reducing the liquidity and market price of the Company s common stock; (ii) reducing the number of investors willing to hold or acquire the Company s common stock, which could negatively impact the Company s ability to raise equity financing; and (iii) limiting the Company s ability to sell its common stock in certain states within the United States, also potentially impacting the Company s ability to raise financing. If the Company s common stock is delisted from NYSE, the price paid by investors may not be recovered. 
 
 24 

Because we face significant competition for acquisition and business opportunities, including from numerous companies with a business plan similar to ours, it may be difficult for us to fully execute our business strategy. Additionally, our subsidiaries also operate in highly competitive industries, limiting their ability to gain or maintain their positions in their respective industries. 
 
 We expect to encounter intense competition for acquisition and business opportunities from both strategic investors and other entities having a business objective similar to ours, such as private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), blank check companies, and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the type of businesses that we may acquire. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources, or more local industry knowledge, or greater access to capital, than we do, and our financial resources may be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. These factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully completing future acquisitions and investments. 
 
 In addition, while we believe that there are numerous target businesses that we could potentially acquire or invest in, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. We may need to obtain additional financing in order to consummate future acquisitions and investment opportunities and cannot assure you that any additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, or that the terms of our existing financing arrangements will not limit our ability to do so. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing acquisition and investment opportunities. 
 
 Furthermore, our subsidiaries also face competition from both traditional and new market entrants that may adversely affect them as well, as discussed below in the risk factors related to the Infrastructure, Life Sciences and Spectrum segments. 
 
 Future acquisitions or business opportunities could involve unknown risks that could harm our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are a diversified holding company that owns interests in a number of different businesses. We have in the past, and intend in the future, to acquire businesses or make investments, directly or indirectly through our subsidiaries, that involve unknown risks, some of which will be particular to the industry in which the investment or acquisition targets operate, including risks in industries with which we are not familiar or experienced. There can be no assurance our due diligence investigations will identify every matter that could have a material adverse effect on us or the entities that we may acquire. We may be unable to adequately address the financial, legal and operational risks raised by such investments or acquisitions, especially if we are unfamiliar with the relevant industry, which can lead to significant losses on material investments. The realization of any unknown risks could expose us to unanticipated costs and liabilities and prevent or limit us from realizing the projected benefits of the investments or acquisitions, which could adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. In addition, our financial condition, results of operations and the ability to service our debt may be adversely impacted depending on the specific risks applicable to any business we invest in or acquire and our ability to address those risks. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully integrate acquisitions into our business, or realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions. 
 
 The integration of acquired businesses into our operations may be a complex and time-consuming process that may not be successful. Even if we successfully integrate these assets into our business and operations, there can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated benefits and operating synergies. The Company's estimates regarding the earnings, operating cash flow, capital expenditures and liabilities resulting from these acquisitions may prove to be incorrect. For example, with any past or future acquisition, there is the possibility that: 
 
 we may not have implemented company policies, procedures and cultures, in an efficient and effective manner; 
 we may not be able to successfully reduce costs, increase advertising revenue or audience share; 
 we may fail to retain and integrate employees and key personnel of the acquired business and assets; 
 our management may be reassigned from overseeing existing operations by the need to integrate the acquired business; 
 we may encounter unforeseen difficulties in extending internal control and financial reporting systems at the newly acquired business; 
 we may fail to successfully implement technological integration with the newly acquired business or may exceed the capabilities of our technology infrastructure and applications; 
 we may not be able to generate adequate returns; 
 we may encounter and fail to address risks or other problems associated with or arising from our reliance on the representations and warranties and related indemnities, if any, provided to us by the sellers of acquired companies and assets; 
 we may suffer adverse short-term effects on operating results through increased costs and may incur future impairments of goodwill associated with the acquired business; 
 we may be required to increase our leverage and debt service or to assume unexpected liabilities in connection with our acquisitions; and 
 we may encounter unforeseen challenges in entering new markets in which we have little or no experience. 
 
 The occurrence of any of these events or our inability generally to successfully implement our acquisition and investment strategy would have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 25 

We rely on information systems to conduct our businesses, and failure to protect these systems against security breaches and otherwise to implement, integrate, upgrade and maintain such systems in working order could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 The efficient operation of our businesses is dependent on computer hardware and software systems. For instance, INNOVATE and its subsidiaries rely on information systems to process customer orders, manage inventory and accounts receivable collections, purchase products, manage accounts payable processes, track costs and operations, maintain client relationships and accumulate financial results. Information technology security threats - from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data - are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting sensitive data or the security, integrity and/or reliability of the hardware and software installed in products we use. We treat such cybersecurity risks seriously given these threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. We devote resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets against attempts by unauthorized parties to obtain access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, and we have implemented certain review and approval procedures internally and with our banks; and have implemented system-wide changes. 
 
 Despite our implementation of industry-accepted security measures and technology, our information systems are vulnerable to and have been in the past subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks and other cyber attacks and we expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future as such attacks become more sophisticated and frequent. Although to date, such attacks have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, there can be no assurance that our cyber-security measures and technology will adequately protect us from these and other risks, including internal and external risks such as natural disasters and power outages and internal risks such as insecure coding and human error. Attacks perpetrated against our information systems could result in loss of assets and critical information, theft of intellectual property or inappropriate disclosure of confidential information and could expose us to remediation costs and reputational damage. In addition, the unexpected or sustained unavailability of the information systems or the failure of these systems to perform as anticipated for any reason, including cyber-security attacks and other intentional hacking, could subject us to legal claims if there is loss, disclosure or misappropriation of or access to our customers information and could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security violations, regulatory compliance failures, an inability to protect information and assets against intruders, sensitive data being lost or manipulated and could otherwise disrupt our businesses and result in decreased performance, operational difficulties and increased costs, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 
 We may increase our operational size in the future, and may experience difficulties in managing growth. 
 
 We have adopted a business strategy that contemplates that we will expand our operations, including future acquisitions or other business opportunities, and as a result, we may need to increase our level of corporate functions, which may include hiring additional personnel to perform such functions and enhancing our information technology systems. Any future growth may increase our corporate operating costs and expenses and impose significant added responsibilities on members of our management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain and integrate additional employees and implement enhanced informational technology systems. Our future financial performance and our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. 
 
 We may not be able to fully utilize our net operating loss and other tax carryforwards. 
 
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss ("NOL") and other tax carryforward amounts, such as Section 163(j) disallowed interest carryforwards, to reduce taxable income in future years may be limited for various reasons. As a result of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA"), the deduction for NOLs arising in tax years after December 31, 2017, will be limited to 80 of taxable income, although they can be carried forward indefinitely. NOLs that arose prior to the years beginning January 1, 2018 are still subject to the same carryforward periods. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 226.3 million of federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLs and 169.2 million of Code Section 163(j) interest limitation carryforwards available to offset our future taxable income, which NOLs will begin to expire in 2034. Pursuant to the Code Sections 382 and 383, use of our NOLs and certain other tax attributes may be limited by an ownership change within the meaning of Code Section 382 and applicable Treasury Regulations. If a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as an increase of more than 50 of the value of a corporation s stock owned by certain 5-percent shareholders (as such term is defined in Internal Revenue Code Section 382) over a rolling three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and certain other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. 
 
 26 

On August 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Tax Benefits Preservation Plan (the "Plan"). The Plan is intended to help protect the Company's ability to use its tax net operating losses and other certain tax assets ("Tax Benefits") by deterring an "ownership change," as defined under the Code, by a person or group of affiliated or associated persons from acquiring beneficial ownership of 4.9 or more of the outstanding common shares. This may adversely affect the marketability of our common stock by discouraging any individual, firm, corporation, partnership or other person or group of affiliated or associated persons from acquiring beneficial ownership of 4.9 or more shares of our common stock then outstanding. In addition, although the Rights Agreement is intended to reduce the likelihood of an ownership change that could adversely affect utilization of our NOLs, there is no assurance that the Plan will prevent all transfers that could result in such an ownership change. We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our common stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If the Company were to experience an ownership change as defined in Code Section 382, its ability to utilize these tax attributes would be substantially limited. 
 
 For instance, in 2014, after substantial acquisitions of our common stock were reported by new beneficial owners, and we issued shares of our preferred stock, convertible into our common stock. We conducted a Section 382 review. The conclusions of this review indicated that an ownership change had occurred as of May 29, 2014. 
 
 Additionally, as a result of our common stock offering in November 2015 and our purchase of GrayWolf in November 2018, we triggered additional ownership changes at GrayWolf, imposing additional limitations on the use of the acquired NOL carryforward amounts. There can be no assurance that future ownership changes would not further negatively impact our NOL carryforward amounts because any future annual Section 382 limitation will ultimately depend on the value of our equity as determined for these purposes and the amount of unrealized gains immediately prior to such ownership change. 
 
 We may be required to restate certain of our financial statements in the future, which may lead to additional risks and uncertainties, including stockholder litigation and loss of investor confidence. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP involves making estimates, judgments, interpretations and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and income. These estimates, judgments, interpretations and assumptions are often inherently imprecise or uncertain, and any necessary revisions to prior estimates, judgments, interpretations or assumptions could lead to a restatement of our financial statements. Any such restatement or correction may be highly time consuming, may require substantial attention from management and significant accounting costs, may result in adverse regulatory actions by the SEC or NYSE, may result in stockholder litigation, may cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, and may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, leading to a decline in our stock price. 
 
 Our officers, directors, stockholders and their respective affiliates may have a pecuniary interest in certain transactions in which we are involved, and may also compete with us. 
 
 While we have adopted a code of ethics applicable designed to promote the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest, we have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, stockholders or affiliates from having an interest in any transaction to which we are a party or in which we have an interest. Additionally, we do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. We have in the past engaged in transactions in which such persons have an interest (for example, the 2021 sale of CIG to Continental General Holdings LLC, an entity controlled by Michael Gorzynski, a former director of the Company). Subject to the terms of any applicable covenants in financing arrangements or other agreements we may enter into from time to time, may in the future enter into additional transactions in which such persons have an interest. In addition, such parties may have an interest in certain transactions such as strategic partnerships or joint ventures in which we are involved, and may also compete with us. 
 
 In the course of their other business activities, certain of our current and future directors and officers may become aware of business and acquisition opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Such directors and officers are not required to and may therefore not present otherwise attractive business or acquisition opportunities to us. 
 
 Certain of our current and future directors and officers may become aware of business and acquisition opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are or may be affiliated. Due to those directors and officers affiliations with other entities, they may have obligations to present potential business and acquisition opportunities to those entities, which could cause conflicts of interest. Moreover, as permitted by Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation contains a provision that renounces our expectation to certain corporate opportunities that are presented to our current and future directors that serve in capacities with other entities. Accordingly, our directors and officers may not present otherwise attractive business or acquisition opportunities to us of which they may become aware. 
 
 27 

We may suffer adverse consequences if we are deemed an investment company and we may incur significant costs to avoid investment company status. 
 
 We believe we are not an investment company as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940, and have operated our business in accordance with such view. If the SEC or a court were to disagree with us, we could be required to register as an investment company. This would subject us to disclosure and accounting rules geared toward investment, rather than operating, companies; limit our ability to borrow money, issue options, issue multiple classes of stock and debt, and engage in transactions with affiliates; and require us to undertake significant costs and expenses to meet the disclosure and other regulatory requirements to which we would be subject as a registered investment company. 
 
 We are subject to litigation in respect of which we are unable to accurately assess our level of exposure and which, if adversely determined, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are currently, and may become in the future, party to legal proceedings that are considered to be either ordinary or routine litigation incidental to our current or prior businesses or not material to our financial position or results of operations. We also are currently, or may become in the future, party to legal proceedings with the potential to be material to our financial position or results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will prevail in any litigation in which we may become involved, or that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover any potential losses. To the extent that we sustain losses from any pending litigation which are not reserved or otherwise provided for or insured against, our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Refer to Item 3, "Legal Proceedings." 
 
 Deterioration of global economic conditions could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The global economy and capital and credit markets have experienced exceptional turmoil and upheaval over the past several years. Ongoing concerns about the systemic impact of potential long-term and widespread recession and potentially prolonged economic recovery, volatile energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices and interest rates, volatile exchange rates, geopolitical issues, including the armed conflict in Ukraine, natural disasters and pandemic illness, instability in credit markets, cost and terms of credit, consumer and business confidence and demand, a changing financial, regulatory and political environment, and substantially increased unemployment rates have all contributed to increased market volatility and diminished expectations for many established and emerging economies, including those in which we operate. Furthermore, austerity measures that certain countries may agree to as part of any debt crisis or disruptions to major financial trading markets may adversely affect world economic conditions and have an adverse impact on our business. These general economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations, results of operations and overall financial condition. 
 
 The availability, cost and terms of credit also have been and may continue to be adversely affected by illiquid markets and wider credit spreads. Concern about the stability of the markets generally, and the strength of counterparties specifically, has led many lenders and institutional investors to reduce credit to businesses and consumers. These factors have led to a decrease in spending by businesses and consumers over the past several years, and a corresponding slowdown in global infrastructure spending. 
 
 Continued uncertainty in the U.S. and international markets and economies and prolonged stagnation in business and consumer spending may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, and the liquidity and financial condition of our customers, including our ability to access capital markets and obtain capital lease financing to meet liquidity needs. 
 
 Climate change may have an impact on our business. 
 
 While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by establishing robust environmental programs and partnering with organizations who are also focused on mitigating their own climate-related risks, we recognize that there are inherent climate change-related risks wherever business is conducted. Any of our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. For example, our offices globally have historically experienced, and are projected to continue to experience, climate-related events at an increasing frequency, including drought, water scarcity, heat waves, wildfires and resultant air quality impacts and power shutoffs associated with wildfire prevention. Changing market dynamics, global policy developments and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the U.S. and elsewhere have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of our third-party suppliers and the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with our international operations. 
 
 We operate in international markets, and may in the future consummate additional investments in or acquisitions of foreign businesses. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including: 
 
 political conditions and events, including embargo; 
 changing regulatory environments; 
 outbreaks of pandemic diseases, including new COVID-19 variants, or fear of such outbreaks; 
 inflationary pressures; 
 restrictive actions by U.S. and foreign governments; 
 28 

the imposition of withholding or other taxes on foreign income, tariffs or restrictions on foreign trade and investment; 
 adverse tax consequences; 
 limitations on repatriation of earnings and cash; 
 currency exchange controls and import/export quotas; 
 nationalization, expropriation, asset seizure, blockades and blacklisting; 
 limitations in the availability, amount or terms of insurance coverage; 
 loss of contract rights and inability to adequately enforce contracts; 
 political instability, war and civil disturbances or other risks that may limit or disrupt markets, such as terrorist attacks, piracy and kidnapping; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, hard currency shortages and controls on currency exchange that affect demand for our services and our profitability; 
 potential noncompliance with a wide variety of anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the "FCPA"), and similar non-U.S. laws and regulations, including the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the "Bribery Act"); 
 labor strikes and shortages; 
 changes in general economic and political conditions; 
 adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements; and 
 different liability standards and legal systems that may be less developed and less predictable than those in the United States. 
 
 If we are unable to adequately address these risks, we could lose our ability to operate in certain international markets and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The U.S. Departments of Justice, Commerce, Treasury and other agencies and authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal penalties they may seek to impose against companies for violations of export controls, the FCPA, and other federal statutes, sanctions and regulations, including those established by the Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") and, increasingly, similar or more restrictive foreign laws, rules and regulations. By virtue of these laws and regulations, and under laws and regulations in other jurisdictions, including the European Union and the United Kingdom, we may be obliged to limit our business activities, we may incur costs for compliance programs and we may be subject to enforcement actions or penalties for noncompliance. 
 
 In recent years, U.S. and foreign governments have increased their oversight and enforcement activities with respect to these laws and we expect the relevant agencies to continue to increase these activities. A violation of these laws, sanctions or regulations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The Company has compliance policies in place for its employees with respect to FCPA, OFAC, the Bribery Act and similar laws. Our operating subsidiaries also have relevant compliance policies in place for their employees, which are tailored to their operations. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents, or those of our subsidiaries or investees, will not engage in conduct for which we may be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA, the Bribery Act, the rules and regulations established by OFAC and other laws, sanctions or regulations may result in severe criminal or civil penalties, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, changes in U.S. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries where we currently develop and sell products, and any negative sentiments towards the United States as a result of such changes, could adversely affect our business. Negative sentiments towards the United States among non-U.S. customers and among non-U.S. employees or prospective employees could adversely affect sales or hiring and retention, respectively. 
 
 We face certain risks associated with the acquisition or disposition of businesses and lack of control over certain of our investments. 
 
 In pursuing our corporate strategy, we may acquire, dispose of or exit businesses or reorganize existing investments. The success of this strategy is dependent upon our ability to identify appropriate opportunities, negotiate transactions on favorable terms and ultimately complete such transactions. 
 
 In the course of our acquisitions, we may not acquire 100 ownership of certain of our operating subsidiaries or we may face delays in completing certain acquisitions, including in acquiring full ownership of certain of our operating companies. Once we complete acquisitions or reorganizations there can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated benefits of any transaction, including revenue growth, operational efficiencies or expected synergies. If we fail to recognize some or all of the strategic benefits and synergies expected from a transaction, goodwill and intangible assets may be impaired in future periods. The negotiations associated with the acquisition and disposition of businesses could also disrupt our ongoing business, distract management and employees or increase our expenses. 
 
 If we dispose of or otherwise exit certain businesses, there can be no assurance that we will not incur certain disposition related charges, or that we will be able to reduce overhead related to the divested assets. 
 
 29 

In the ordinary course of our business, we evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses that may no longer help us meet our objectives or that no longer fit with our broader strategy, such as the dispositions of our Clean Energy and Insurance segments in 2021 or the acquisition of Banker Steel by our Infrastructure segment in 2021. When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or we may dispose of a business at a price or on terms which are less than we had anticipated. In addition, there is a risk that we sell a business whose subsequent performance exceeds our expectations, in which case our decision would have potentially sacrificed enterprise value. 
 
 We also own a minority interest in a number of entities, such as MediBeacon, Triple Ring Technologies, Inc. and HMN, over which we do not exercise, or have only limited, management control, and we are, therefore, unable to direct or manage the business to realize the anticipated benefits that we can achieve through full integration. 
 
 Our development stage companies may never produce revenues or income. 
 
 We have made investments in and own a majority stake in a number of development stage companies, primarily in our Life Sciences segment. Each of these companies is at an early stage of development and is subject to all business risks associated with a new enterprise, including constraints on their financial and personnel resources, lack of established credit, the need to establish meaningful and beneficial vendor and customer relationships and uncertainties regarding product development and future revenues. We anticipate that many of these companies will continue to incur substantial additional operating losses for at least the next several years and expect their losses to increase as research and development efforts expand. There can be no assurance as to when or whether any of these companies will be able to develop significant sources of revenue or that any of their respective operations will become profitable, even if any of them is able to commercialize any products. As a result, we may not realize any returns on our investments in these companies, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 
 We could consume resources in researching acquisitions, business opportunities or financings and capital market transactions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or invest in another business. 
 
 We anticipate that the investigation of each specific acquisition or business opportunity and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments with respect to such transaction will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for financial advisors, accountants, attorneys and other advisors. If a decision is made not to consummate a specific acquisition, business opportunity or financing and capital market transaction, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific acquisition, investment target or financing, we may fail to consummate the investment or acquisition for any number of reasons, including those beyond our control. Any such event could consume significant management time and result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could adversely affect our financial position and our ability to consummate other acquisitions and investments. 
 
 There may be tax consequences associated with our acquisition, investment, holding and disposition of target companies and assets. 
 
 We may incur significant taxes in connection with effecting acquisitions of, or investments in, holding, receiving payments from, operating or disposing of target companies and assets. Our decision to make a particular acquisition, sell a particular asset or increase or decrease a particular investment may be based on considerations other than the timing and amount of taxes owed as a result thereof. We may remain liable for certain tax obligations of certain disposed companies, and we may be required to make material payments in connection therewith. 
 
 Our participation in any future joint investment could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on a partner s financial condition and disputes between us and the relevant partners. 
 
 We have, indirectly through our subsidiaries, formed joint ventures, and may in the future engage in similar joint ventures with third parties. In such circumstances, we may not be in a position to exercise significant decision-making authority if we do not own a substantial majority of the equity interests of such joint venture or otherwise have contractual rights entitling us to exercise such authority. These ventures may involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners might become insolvent or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. In addition, partners may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Disputes between us and partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our costs and expenses and divert a substantial amount of management s time and effort away from our businesses. We may also, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of our third-party partners which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 30 

We and our subsidiaries rely on trademark, copyright, trade secret, contractual restrictions and patent rights to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights and if these rights are impaired, then our ability to generate revenue and our competitive position may be harmed . 
 
 If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology, and our business might be harmed. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense. Any of our trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. While we have some U.S. patents and pending U.S. patent applications, we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications. In addition, our existing patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which we operate. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. In addition, some of our operating subsidiaries may use trademarks which have not been registered and may be more difficult to protect. 
 
 We might be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. 
 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock, which could dilute the interests of our stockholders and present other risks. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation, as amended (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), authorizes the issuance of up to 160,000,000 shares of common stock and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, INNOVATE has 80,216,028 issued and 78,787,768 outstanding shares of its common stock, and 16,125 shares of Series A-3 and Series A-4 preferred stock issued and outstanding. However, the Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our board of directors (the "INNOVATE Board of Directors"), from time to time, subject to limitations prescribed by law and any consent rights granted to holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock, to issue additional shares of preferred stock having rights that are senior to those afforded to the holders of our common stock. We also have reserved shares of common stock for issuance pursuant to our broad-based equity incentive plans, upon exercise of stock options and other equity-based awards granted thereunder, and pursuant to other equity compensation arrangements. 
 
 We may issue shares of common stock or additional shares of preferred stock to raise additional capital, to complete a business combination or other acquisition, to capitalize new businesses or new or existing businesses of our operating subsidiaries or pursuant to other employee incentive plans, any of which could dilute the interests of our stockholders and present other risks. 
 
 The issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock may, among other things: 
 
 significantly dilute the equity interest and voting power of all other stockholders; 
 subordinate the rights of holders of our outstanding common stock and/or preferred stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded to holders of our common stock and/or preferred stock; 
 trigger an adjustment to the price at which all or a portion of our outstanding preferred stock converts into our common stock, if such stock is issued at a price lower than the then-applicable conversion price; 
 entitle our existing holders of preferred stock to purchase a portion of such issuance to maintain their ownership percentage, subject to certain exceptions; 
 call for us to make dividend or other payments not available to the holders of our common stock; and 
 cause a change in control of our company if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued and/or if additional shares of preferred stock having substantial voting rights are issued. 
 
 The issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock, or perceptions in the market that such issuances could occur, may also adversely affect the prevailing market price of our outstanding common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 
 Conversion of the 2026 Convertible Notes will dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their Convertible Notes, or may otherwise depress the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The conversion of some or all of INNOVATE's 2026 Convertible Notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders. Any sales in the public market of the shares of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the 2026 Convertible Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the notes into shares of our common stock could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 
 31 

Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by holders of our preferred stock or other significant stockholders may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the holders of our outstanding preferred stock had certain rights to convert their Preferred Stock into 3,616,233 shares of our common stock. 
 
 Pursuant to a second amended and restated registration rights agreement, dated January 5, 2015, entered into in connection with the issuance of the preferred stock (the "Registration Rights Agreement"), we have granted registration rights to the purchasers of our preferred stock and certain of their transferees with respect to INNOVATE common stock held by them and common stock underlying the preferred stock. This Registration Rights Agreement allows these holders, subject to certain conditions, to require us to register the sale of their shares under the federal securities laws. Furthermore, the shares of our common stock held by these holders, as well as other significant stockholders, may be sold into the public market under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock into the public market whether by holders of the preferred stock, by other holders of substantial amounts of our common stock or by us, or perceptions in the market that such sales could occur, may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 
 Price fluctuations in our common stock could result from general market and economic conditions and a variety of other factors. 
 
 The trading price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to fluctuations in response to a number of factors beyond our control, including: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations and the performance of our competitors; 
 reaction of the market to our announcement of any future acquisitions or investments; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 changes in general economic conditions; 
 outbreaks of pandemic diseases, including coronavirus, or fear of such outbreaks; and 
 actions of our equity investors, including sales of our common stock by significant stockholders. 
 
 Delaware law and our charter documents contain provisions that could discourage or prevent a potential takeover, even if such a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 
 Some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable. These include provisions: 
 
 authorizing a board of directors to issue preferred stock; 
 prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 limiting the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders; 
 prohibiting stockholder actions by written consent; 
 creating a classified board of directors pursuant to which our directors are elected for staggered three-year terms; 
 permitting the board of directors to increase the size of the board and to fill vacancies; 
 requiring a super-majority vote of our stockholders to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and 
 establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law which limit the right of a corporation to engage in a business combination with a holder of 15 percent or more of the corporation s outstanding voting securities, or certain affiliated persons. 
 
 Although we believe that these charter and bylaw provisions, and provisions of Delaware law, provide an opportunity for the board to assure that our stockholders realize full value for their investment, they could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, even under circumstances that some stockholders may consider beneficial. 
 
 32 

Actions of activist stockholders, including a proxy contest, could be disruptive and potentially costly and the possibility that activist stockholders may contest, or seek changes that conflict with, our strategic direction could cause uncertainty about the strategic direction of our business. Such actions may also trigger a change in control under certain agreements to which the Company is party, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Under certain circumstances arising out of, or related to, certain actions of activist stockholders, including a proxy contest or consent solicitation, a change in a majority of our Board of Directors may trigger the requirement that we make an offer to redeem our shares of preferred stock at a price per share of preferred stock, equal to the greater of (i) the accrued value of the preferred stock, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (to the extent not included in the accrued value of preferred stock), and (ii) the value that would be received if the share of preferred stock were converted into common stock, the occurrence of which could materially and adversely affect our business. In such instance, the Company cannot assure stockholders that it would be able to obtain the financing on commercially reasonable terms (if at all) to fund the offer to redeem all of the preferred stock. If any of these risks were to occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks Related to the Infrastructure segment 
 
 DBMG s business is dependent upon major construction contracts, the unpredictable timing of which may result in significant fluctuations in its cash flow due to the timing of receipt of payment under such contracts. 
 
 DBMG s cash flow is dependent upon obtaining major construction contracts primarily from general contractors and engineering firms responsible for commercial and industrial construction projects, such as high- and low-rise buildings and office complexes, hotels and casinos, convention centers, sports arenas, shopping malls, hospitals, dams, bridges, mines and power plants. The timing of or failure to obtain contracts, delays in awards of contracts, cancellations of contracts, delays in completion of contracts, or failure to obtain timely payment from DBMG s customers, could result in significant periodic fluctuations in cash flows from DBMG s operations. In addition, many of DBMG s contracts require it to satisfy specific progress or performance milestones in order to receive payment from the customer. As a result, DBMG may incur significant costs for engineering, materials, components, equipment, labor or subcontractors prior to receipt of payment from a customer. Such expenditures could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition 
 
 Transportation challenges as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and related supply impacts have caused, and may continue to cause, significant delays and additional costs, which could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 COVID-19 has caused supply chain challenges related to labor shortages and supply chain disruptions, which may create significant delays in DBMG s ability to complete projects. The receipt of material from impacted areas has been slowed or disrupted and DBMG s suppliers are expected to face similar challenges in fulfilling orders. In addition, reductions in the number of ocean carrier voyages, ocean freight capacity issues, congestion at major international gateways and other economic factors continue to persist worldwide due to COVID-19 and worldwide supply impacts as there is much greater demand for shipping and reduced capacity and equipment, which has resulted in recent price increases per shipping container. In addition, in the United States, trucking costs have risen dramatically due to driver shortages and increased labor costs, as well as new federal and state safety, environmental and labor regulations. These changes, as well as COVID-19 related state and local restrictions on domestic trucking and the operation of distribution centers, may disrupt DBMG s supply chain, which may result in a delay in the completion of DBMG s projects and cause it to incur significant additional costs. Although DBMG may attempt to pass on certain of these increased costs to its customers, it may not be able to pass all of these cost increases on to its customers. As a result, DBMG s margins may be adversely impacted by such cost increases. These supply chain disruptions and transportation challenges could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 The nature of DBMG s primary contracting terms for its contracts, including fixed-price and cost-plus pricing, could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 DBMG s projects are awarded through a competitive bid process or are obtained through negotiation, in either case generally using one of two types of contract pricing approaches: fixed-price or cost-plus pricing. Under fixed-price contracts, DBMG performs its services and executes its projects at an established price, subject to adjustment only for change orders approved by the customer, and, as a result, it may benefit from cost savings but be unable to recover any cost overruns. If DBMG does not execute such a contract within cost estimates, it may incur losses or the project may be less profitable than expected. Historically, the majority of DBMG s contracts have been fixed-price arrangements. The revenue, cost and gross profit realized on such contracts can vary, sometimes substantially, from the original projections due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 failure to properly estimate costs of materials, including steel and steel components, engineering services, equipment, labor or subcontractors; 
 costs incurred in connection with modifications to a contract that may be unapproved by the customer as to scope, schedule, and/or price; 
 unanticipated technical problems with the structures, equipment or systems we supply; 
 unanticipated costs or claims, including costs for project modifications, customer-caused delays, errors or changes in specifications or designs, or contract termination; 
 33 

changes in the costs of materials, engineering services, equipment, labor or subcontractors; 
 changes in labor conditions, including the availability and productivity of labor; 
 productivity and other delays caused by weather conditions; 
 failure to engage necessary suppliers or subcontractors, or failure of such suppliers or subcontractors to perform; 
 difficulties in obtaining required governmental permits or approvals; 
 changes in laws and regulations; and 
 changes in general economic conditions. 
 
 Under cost-plus contracts, DBMG receives reimbursement for its direct labor and material cost, plus a specified fee in excess thereof, which is typically a fixed rate per hour, an overall fixed fee, or a percentage of total reimbursable costs, up to a maximum amount, which is an arrangement that may protect DBMG against cost overruns. If DBMG is unable to obtain proper reimbursement for all costs incurred due to improper estimates, performance issues, customer disputes, or any of the additional factors noted above for fixed-price contracts, the project may be less profitable than expected. 
 
 Generally, DBMG s contracts and projects vary in length from 1 to 24 months, depending on the size and complexity of the project, project owner demands and other factors. The foregoing risks are exacerbated for projects with longer-term durations because there is an increased risk that the circumstances upon which DBMG based its original estimates will change in a manner that increases costs. In addition, DBMG sometimes bears the risk of delays caused by unexpected conditions or events. To the extent there are future cost increases that DBMG cannot recover from its customers, suppliers or subcontractors, the outcome could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Furthermore, revenue and gross profit from DBMG s contracts can be affected by contract incentives or penalties that may not be known or finalized until the later stages of the contract term. Some of DBMG s contracts provide for the customer s review of its accounting and cost control systems to verify the completeness and accuracy of the reimbursable costs invoiced. These reviews could result in reductions in reimbursable costs and labor rates previously billed to the customer. 
 
 The cumulative impact of revisions in total cost estimates during the progress of work is reflected in the period in which these changes become known, including, to the extent required, the reversal of profit recognized in prior periods and the recognition of losses expected to be incurred on contracts in progress. Due to the various estimates inherent in DBMG s contract accounting, actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 DBMG s billed and unbilled revenue may be exposed to potential risk if a project is terminated or canceled or if DBMG s customers encounter financial difficulties. 
 
 DBMG s contracts often require it to satisfy or achieve certain milestones in order to receive payment for the work performed. As a result, under these types of arrangements, DBMG may incur significant costs or perform significant amounts of services prior to receipt of payment. If the ultimate customer does not proceed with the completion of the project or if the customer or contractor under which DBMG is a subcontractor defaults on its payment obligations, DBMG may face difficulties in collecting payment of amounts due to it for the costs previously incurred. If DBMG is unable to collect amounts owed to it, this could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 DBMG may be exposed to additional risks as it obtains new significant awards and executes its backlog, including greater backlog concentration in fewer projects, potential cost overruns and increasing requirements for letters of credit, and inability to fully realize the revenue value reported in its backlog, a substantial portion of which is attributable to a relatively small number of large contracts or other commitments, each of which could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 As DBMG obtains new significant project awards, these projects may use larger sums of working capital than other projects and DBMG s backlog may become concentrated among a smaller number of customers. At December 31, 2022, DBMG's backlog was 1,782.3 million, consisting of 1,536.3 million under contracts or purchase orders and 246.0 million under letters of intent or notices to proceed. Approximately 927.2 million, representing 52.0 of DBMG s backlog at December 31, 2022, was attributable to five contracts, letters of intent, notices to proceed or purchase orders. If any significant projects such as these currently included in DBMG s backlog or awarded in the future were to have material cost overruns, or be significantly delayed, modified or canceled, DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be adversely impacted, and backlog could decrease substantially if one or more of these projects terminate or reduce their scope. 
 
 Moreover, DBMG may be unable to replace the projects that it executes in its backlog. Additionally, as DBMG converts its significant projects from backlog into active construction, it may face significantly greater requirements for the provision of letters of credit or other forms of credit enhancements which exceed its current credit facilities. We can provide no assurance that DBMG would be able to access such capital and credit as needed or that it would be able to do so on economically attractive terms. 
 
 34 

Commitments may be in the form of written contracts, letters of intent, notices to proceed and purchase orders. New awards may also include estimated amounts of work to be performed based on customer communication and historic experience and knowledge of our customers intentions. Backlog consists of projects which have either not yet been started or are in progress but are not yet complete. In the latter case, the revenue value reported in backlog is the remaining value associated with work that has not yet been completed, which increases or decreases to reflect modifications in the work to be performed under a given commitment. The revenue projected in DBMG s backlog may not be realized or, if realized, may not be profitable as a result of poor contract terms or performance. 
 
 Due to project terminations, suspensions or changes in project scope and schedule, we cannot predict with certainty when or if DBMG s backlog will be performed. From time to time, projects are canceled that appeared to have a high certainty of going forward at the time they were recorded as new awards. In the event of a project cancellation, DBMG typically has no contractual right to the total revenue reflected in its backlog. Some of the contracts in DBMG s backlog provide for cancellation fees or certain reimbursements in the event customers cancel projects. These cancellation fees usually provide for reimbursement of DBMG s out-of-pocket costs, costs associated with work performed prior to cancellation, and, to varying degrees, a percentage of the profit DBMG would have realized had the contract been completed. Although DBMG may be reimbursed for certain costs, it may be unable to recover all direct costs incurred and may incur additional unrecoverable costs due to the resulting under-utilization of DBMG s assets. 
 
 DBMG s failure to meet contractual schedule or performance requirements could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 In certain circumstances, DBMG guarantees project completion by a scheduled date or certain performance levels. Failure to meet these schedule or performance requirements could result in a reduction of revenue and additional costs, and these adjustments could exceed projected profit. Project revenue or profit could also be reduced by liquidated damages withheld by customers under contractual penalty provisions, which can be substantial and can accrue on a daily basis. Schedule delays can result in costs exceeding our projections for a particular project. Performance problems for existing and future contracts could cause actual results of operations to differ materially from those previously anticipated and could cause us to suffer damage to our reputation within our industry and our customer base. 
 
 DBMG s government contracts may be subject to modification or termination, which could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 DBMG is a provider of services to U.S. government agencies and is therefore exposed to risks associated with government contracting. Government agencies typically can terminate or modify contracts to which DBMG is a party at their convenience, due to budget constraints or various other reasons. As a result, DBMG s backlog may be reduced or it may incur a loss if a government agency decides to terminate or modify a contract to which DBMG is a party. DBMG is also subject to audits, including audits of internal control systems, cost reviews and investigations by government contracting oversight agencies. As a result of an audit, the oversight agency may disallow certain costs or withhold a percentage of interim payments. Cost disallowances may result in adjustments to previously reported revenue and may require DBMG to refund a portion of previously collected amounts. In addition, failure to comply with the terms of one or more of our government contracts or government regulations and statutes could result in DBMG being suspended or debarred from future government projects for a significant period of time, possible civil or criminal fines and penalties, the risk of public scrutiny of our performance, and potential harm to DBMG s reputation, each of which could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Other remedies that government agencies may seek for improper activities or performance issues include sanctions such as forfeiture of profit and suspension of payments. 
 
 In addition to the risks noted above, legislatures typically appropriate funds on a year-by-year basis, while contract performance may take more than one year. As a result, contracts with government agencies may be only partially funded or may be terminated, and DBMG may not realize all of the potential revenue and profit from those contracts. Appropriations and the timing of payment may be influenced by, among other things, the state of the economy, competing political priorities, curtailments in the use of government contracting firms, budget constraints, the timing and amount of tax receipts and the overall level of government expenditures. 
 
 DBMG is exposed to potential risks and uncertainties associated with its reliance on subcontractors and third-party vendors to execute certain projects. 
 
 DBMG relies on third-party suppliers, especially suppliers of steel and steel components, and subcontractors to assist in the completion of projects. To the extent these parties cannot execute their portion of the work and are unable to deliver their services, equipment or materials according to the agreed-upon contractual terms, or DBMG cannot engage subcontractors or acquire equipment or materials, DBMG s ability to complete a project in a timely manner may be impacted. Furthermore, when bidding or negotiating for contracts, DBMG must make estimates of the amounts these third parties will charge for their services, equipment and materials. If the amount DBMG is required to pay for third-party goods and services in an effort to meet its contractual obligations exceeds the amount it has estimated, DBMG could experience project losses or a reduction in estimated profit. 
 
 35 

Persistent inflation and economic uncertainty may negatively impact DBMG's business. 
 
 Inflation in the United States and worldwide has increased DBMG s costs and may result in additional cost increases, including of steel and welding wire components and other inputs that are critical to the completion of DBMG s projects, may cause additional shortages of supplies and components, may increase cost of borrowing, and may continue to reduce DBMG s purchasing power, all of which would have a negative impact on DBMG s results of operation. Due to competitive pressure and pressure from DBMG s customers, DBMG may not be able to offset the impacts of inflation in the price of its products. Additionally, continued inflation and economic uncertainty may result in DBMG s customers decreasing the scope, canceling, or delaying projects in process. 
 
 Any increase in the price of, or change in supply and demand for, the steel and steel components that DBMG utilizes to complete projects could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 The prices of the steel and steel components that DBMG utilizes in the course of completing projects are susceptible to price fluctuations due to supply and demand trends, energy costs, transportation costs, government regulations, duties and tariffs, changes in currency exchange rates, price controls, general economic conditions and other unforeseen circumstances. For example, the recent armed conflict between Ukraine and Russia has resulted in significant uncertainty in the commodities markets. A prolonged conflict and any sanctions or import controls targeting the Russian oil and natural gas industries could lead to sustained increases in energy prices. Although DBMG may attempt to pass on certain of these increased costs to its customers, it may not be able to pass all of these cost increases on to its customers. As a result, DBMG s margins may be adversely impacted by such cost increases. 
 
 DBMG s dependence on suppliers of steel and steel components makes it vulnerable to a disruption in the supply of its products. 
 
 DBMG purchases a majority of the steel and steel components utilized in the course of completing projects from several domestic and foreign steel producers and suppliers. DBMG generally does not have long-term contracts with its suppliers. An adverse change in any of the following could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations or financial condition: 
 
 its ability to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers; 
 the terms and conditions upon which it purchases products from its suppliers, including applicable exchange rates, transport costs and other costs, its suppliers willingness to extend credit to it to finance its inventory purchases and other factors beyond its control; 
 financial condition of its suppliers; 
 political instability in the countries in which its suppliers are located; 
 its ability to import products; 
 its suppliers noncompliance with applicable laws, trade restrictions and tariffs; 
 its inability to find replacement suppliers in the event of a deterioration of the relationship with current suppliers; or 
 its suppliers ability to manufacture and deliver products according to its standards of quality on a timely and efficient basis. 
 
 Intense competition in the markets DBMG serves could reduce DBMG s market share and earnings. 
 
 The principal geographic and product markets DBMG serves are highly competitive, and this intense competition is expected to continue. DBMG competes with other contractors for commercial, industrial and specialty projects on a local, regional, or national basis. Continued service within these markets requires substantial resources and capital investment in equipment, technology and skilled personnel, and certain of DBMG s competitors have financial and operating resources greater than DBMG. Competition also places downward pressure on DBMG s contract prices and margins. Among the principal competitive factors within the industry are price, timeliness of completion of projects, quality, reputation, and the desire of customers to utilize specific contractors with whom they have favorable relationships and prior experience. 
 
 While DBMG believes that it maintains a competitive advantage with respect to these factors, failure to continue to do so or to meet other competitive challenges could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 DBMG s customers ability to receive the applicable regulatory and environmental approvals for projects and the timeliness of those approvals could adversely affect DBMG s business. 
 
 The regulatory permitting process for DBMG s projects requires significant investments of time and money by DBMG s customers and DBMG. There are no assurances that DBMG s customers or DBMG will obtain the necessary permits for these projects. Applications for permits may be opposed by governmental entities, individuals or special interest groups, resulting in delays and possible non-issuance of the permits. 
 
 36 

DBMG s failure to obtain or maintain required licenses may adversely affect its business. 
 
 DBMG is subject to licensure and holds licenses in each of the states in the United States in which it operates and in certain local jurisdictions within such states. While we believe that DBMG is in material compliance with all contractor licensing requirements in the various jurisdictions in which it operates, the failure to obtain, loss or revocation of any license or the limitation on any of DBMG s primary services thereunder in any jurisdiction in which it conducts substantial operations could prevent DBMG from conducting further operations in such jurisdiction and have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Volatility in equity and credit markets could adversely impact DBMG due to its impact on the availability of funding for DBMG s customers, suppliers and subcontractors. 
 
 Some of DBMG s ultimate customers, suppliers and subcontractors have traditionally accessed commercial financing and capital markets to fund their operations, and the availability of funding from those sources could be adversely impacted by volatile equity or credit markets. The unavailability of financing could lead to the delay or cancellation of projects or the inability of such parties to pay DBMG or provide needed products or services and thereby have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 DBMG s business may be adversely affected by bonding and letter of credit capacity. 
 
 Certain of DBMG s projects require the support of bid and performance surety bonds or letters of credit. A restriction, reduction, or termination of DBMG s surety bond agreements or letter of credit facilities could limit its ability to bid on new project opportunities, thereby limiting new awards, or to perform under existing awards. 
 
 DBMG is vulnerable to significant fluctuations in its liquidity that may vary substantially over time. 
 
 DBMG s operations could require the utilization of large sums of working capital, sometimes on short notice and sometimes without assurance of recovery of the expenditures. Circumstances or events that could create large cash outflows include losses resulting from fixed-price contracts, environmental liabilities, litigation risks, contract initiation or completion delays, customer payment problems, professional and product liability claims and other unexpected costs. There is no guarantee that DBMG s facilities will be sufficient to meet DBMG s liquidity needs or that DBMG will be able to maintain such facilities or obtain any other sources of liquidity on attractive terms, or at all. 
 
 DBMG s projects expose it to potential professional liability, product liability, warranty and other claims. 
 
 DBMG s operations are subject to the usual hazards inherent in providing engineering and construction services for the construction of often large commercial industrial facilities, such as the risk of accidents, fires and explosions. These hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, business interruptions, property damage and pollution and environmental damage. DBMG may be subject to claims as a result of these hazards. In addition, the failure of any of DBMG s products to conform to customer specifications could result in warranty claims against it for significant replacement or rework costs, which could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Although DBMG generally does not accept liability for consequential damages in its contracts, should it be determined liable, it may not be covered by insurance or, if covered, the dollar amount of these liabilities may exceed applicable policy limits. Any catastrophic occurrence in excess of insurance limits at project sites involving DBMG s products and services could result in significant professional liability, product liability, warranty or other claims against DBMG. Any damages not covered by insurance, in excess of insurance limits or, if covered by insurance, subject to a high deductible, could result in a significant loss for DBMG, which may reduce its profits and cash available for operations. These claims could also make it difficult for DBMG to obtain adequate insurance coverage in the future at a reasonable cost. Additionally, customers or subcontractors that have agreed to indemnify DBMG against such losses may refuse or be unable to pay DBMG. 
 
 DBMG may experience increased costs and decreased cash flow due to compliance with environmental laws and regulations, liability for contamination of the environment or related personal injuries. 
 
 DBMG is subject to environmental laws and regulations, including those concerning emissions into the air, discharge into waterways, generation, storage, handling, treatment and disposal of waste materials and health and safety. 
 
 DBMG s fabrication business often involves working around and with volatile, toxic and hazardous substances and other highly regulated pollutants, substances or wastes, for which the improper characterization, handling or disposal could constitute violations of U.S. federal, state or local laws and regulations and laws of other countries, and result in criminal and civil liabilities. Environmental laws and regulations generally impose limitations and standards for certain pollutants or waste materials and require DBMG to obtain permits and comply with various other requirements. Governmental authorities may seek to impose fines and penalties on DBMG, or revoke or deny issuance or renewal of operating permits for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. DBMG is also exposed to potential liability for personal injury or property damage caused by any release, spill, exposure or other accident involving such pollutants, substances or wastes. In connection with the historical operation of our facilities, substances which currently are or might be considered hazardous may have been used or disposed of at some sites in a manner that may require us to make expenditures for remediation. 
 
 37 

The environmental, health and safety laws and regulations to which DBMG is subject are constantly changing, and it is impossible to predict the impact of such laws and regulations on DBMG in the future. We cannot ensure that DBMG s operations will continue to comply with future laws and regulations or that these laws and regulations will not cause DBMG to incur significant costs or adopt more costly methods of operation. 
 
 Additionally, the adoption and implementation of any new regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of greenhouse gases from, DBMG s customers equipment and operations could significantly impact demand for DBMG s services, particularly among its customers for industrial facilities. 
 
 Any expenditures in connection with compliance or remediation efforts or significant reductions in demand for DBMG s services as a result of the adoption of environmental proposals could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 DBMG is and will likely continue to be involved in litigation that could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 DBMG has been and may be, from time to time, named as a defendant in legal actions claiming damages in connection with fabrication and other products and services DBMG provides and other matters. These are typically claims that arise in the normal course of business, including employment-related claims and contractual disputes or claims for personal injury or property damage which occur in connection with services performed relating to project or construction sites. Contractual disputes normally involve claims relating to the timely completion of projects or other issues concerning fabrication and other products and services DBMG provides. There can be no assurance that any of DBMG s pending contractual, employment-related personal injury or property damage claims and disputes will not have a material effect on DBMG s future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Work stoppages, union negotiations and other labor problems could adversely affect DBMG s business. 
 
 A portion of DBMG s employees are represented by labor unions, and 22 of DBMG s employees are covered under collective bargaining agreements that expire in less than one year, at which time they will be renegotiated. A lengthy strike or other work stoppage at any of its facilities could have a material adverse effect on DBMG s business. There is inherent risk that ongoing or future negotiations relating to collective bargaining agreements or union representation may not be favorable to DBMG. From time to time, DBMG also has experienced attempts to unionize its non-union facilities. Such efforts can often disrupt or delay work and present risk of labor unrest. 
 
 DBMG s employees work on projects that are inherently dangerous, and a failure to maintain a safe work site could result in significant losses. 
 
 DBMG often works on large-scale and complex projects, frequently in geographically remote locations. Such involvement often places DBMG s employees and others near large equipment, dangerous processes or highly regulated materials. If DBMG or other parties fail to implement appropriate safety procedures for which they are responsible or if such procedures fail, DBMG s employees or others may suffer injuries. In addition to being subject to state and federal regulations concerning health and safety, many of DBMG s customers require that it meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid on contracts, and some of DBMG s contract fees or profits are subject to satisfying safety criteria. Unsafe work conditions also have the potential of increasing employee turnover, project costs and operating costs. The failure to comply with safety policies, customer contracts or applicable regulations could subject DBMG to losses and liability and could result in a variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures. 

Risks Related to the Life Sciences segment 
 
 Pansend s operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes its future operating results difficult to predict and could cause its operating results to fall below expectations. 
 
 Pansend s quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for Pansend to predict its future operating results. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of Pansend s control and may be difficult to predict, including: 
 the timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research, development, and commercialization activities relating to Pansend s product and product candidates, which may change from time to time 
 the timing of receipt of approvals or clearances for Pansend s product candidates from regulatory authorities in the U.S. or internationally 
 the timing and status of enrollment for Pansend s clinical trials 
 coverage and reimbursement policies with respect to Pansend s product and product candidates, including the degree to which treatments using its products are covered and receive adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, and potential future drugs or devices that compete with its products 
 the cost of manufacturing Pansend s product, as well as building out its supply chain, which may vary depending on the quantity of 
 production and the terms of Pansend s agreements with manufacturers 
 expenditures that Pansend may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional product candidates and technologies 
 38 

the level of demand for Pansend s product and any product candidates, if approved or cleared, which may vary significantly over time 
 litigation, including patent, employment, securities class action, stockholder derivative, general commercial, and other lawsuits and 
 the timing and success or failure of nonclinical studies and clinical trials for Pansend s product candidates or competing product candidates, or any other change in the competitive landscape of the life sciences industry, including consolidation among Pansend s competitors or partners. 
 
 Pansend operates in a highly competitive market, and may face competition from large, well-established medical technology, device and 
 product manufacturers with significant resources, and may not be able to compete effectively. 
 
 The medical technology, medical device, biotechnology, and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by intense and dynamic competition to develop new technologies and proprietary therapies. Pansend faces competition from a number of sources, such as pharmaceutical companies, medical device companies, generic drug companies, biotechnology companies, and academic and research institutions. Pansend may find itself in competition with companies that have competitive advantages over us, such as: 
 significantly greater name recognition 
 established relations with healthcare professionals, customers, and third-party payers greater efficacy or better safety profiles 
 established distribution networks 
 additional lines of products, and the ability to offer rebates, higher discounts, or incentives to gain a competitive advantage 
 greater experience in obtaining patents and regulatory approvals for product candidates and other resources 
 greater experience in conducting research and development, manufacturing, clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval for products, and marketing approved products and 
 greater financial and human resources for product development, sales and marketing, and patent litigation. 
 
 Pansend may also face increased competition in the future as new companies enter Pansend s markets and as scientific developments surrounding electro-signaling therapeutics continue to accelerate. While Pansend will seek to expand its technological capabilities to remain competitive, research and development by others may render its technology or product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive or result in treatments or cures superior to any therapy developed by us. In addition, certain of Pansend s product candidates may compete with other dermatological products, including over the counter (OTC) treatments, for a share of some patients discretionary budgets and for physicians attention within their clinical practices. Even if a generic product or an OTC product is less effective than Pansend s product candidates, a less effective generic or OTC product may be more quickly adopted by physicians and patients than Pansend s competing product candidates based upon cost or convenience. As a result, Pansend may not be able to compete effectively against current and potential future competitors or their devices and products. 
 
 Pansend may rely on third parties for its sales, marketing, manufacturing and/or distribution, and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily. 
 
 To be able to commercialize Pansend s planned products, it may elect to internally develop aspects of sales, marketing, large-scale manufacturing, or distribution, or it may elect to utilize third parties with respect to one or more of these items. Pansend s reliance on these third parties may reduce its control over these activities however, reliance on third parties does not relieve Pansend of its responsibility to ensure compliance with all required legal, regulatory, and scientific standards. Any failure of these third parties to perform satisfactorily and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations could lead to delays in the development of Pansend s planned products, including delays in its clinical trials, or failure to obtain regulatory approval for its planned products, or failure to successfully commercialize its planned products or other future products. Some of these events could be the basis for FDA or other regulatory action, including injunction, recall, seizure, or total or partial suspension of production. 
 
 Pansend currently has limited product revenue and may never become profitable. 
 
 To date, Pansend has generated limited revenue and has historically relied on financing from the sale of equity securities to fund its operations. We expect that Pansend s future financial results will depend primarily on its success in launching, selling, and supporting its therapies and treatments, including R2 s Glacial systems or other products based on Pansend s technology. Pansend expects to expend significant resources on hiring of personnel, continued scientific and product research and development, potential product testing and pre-clinical and clinical investigation, intellectual property development and prosecution, marketing and promotion, capital expenditures, working capital, general and administrative expenses, and fees and expenses associated with Pansend s capital raising efforts. Pansend is expected to incur costs and expenses related to consulting costs, laboratory development costs, hiring of scientists, engineers, sales representatives, and other operational personnel, and the continued development of relationships with potential partners. Pansend is incurring significant operating losses, it is expected to continue to incur additional losses for the foreseeable future, and we cannot assure you that it will generate revenue or be profitable in the future. There are no assurances that Pansend s future products will be cleared or approved or become commercially viable or accepted for use. Even with commercially viable applications of Pansend s technology, which may include licensing, Pansend may never recover its research and development expenses. Investment in medical technology is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or clinical utility. Investors should evaluate an investment in Pansend in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing medical technology companies in a competitive environment. There can be no assurance that Pansend s efforts will be successful or that it will ultimately be able to achieve profitability. Even if Pansend achieves profitability, it may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 39 

Pansend s failure to obtain or maintain necessary FDA clearances and approvals, or to maintain continued clearances, or equivalents thereof in the U.S. and relevant foreign markets, could hurt its ability to distribute and market its products. 
 
 In both Pansend s U.S. and foreign markets, Pansend is affected by extensive laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations, court decisions and similar constraints. Such laws, regulations and other constraints may exist at the federal, state or local levels in the U.S. and at analogous levels of government in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, importation, sale and storage of Pansend s products are subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies, including, but not limited to, the FDA and the FTC, State Attorneys General in the U.S., as well as by various other federal, state, local and international regulatory authorities in the countries in which Pansend s products are manufactured, distributed or sold. If Pansend or its manufacturers fail to comply with those regulations, Pansend could become subject to significant penalties or claims, which could harm its results of operations or its ability to conduct its business. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may impair the marketing of its products, resulting in significant loss of net sales. 
 
 Pansend s failure to comply with federal or state regulations, or with regulations in foreign markets that cover its product claims and advertising, including direct claims and advertising by us, may result in enforcement actions and imposition of penalties or otherwise harm the distribution and sale of its products. Each medical device that Pansend wishes to market in the U.S. must first receive either 510(k) clearance or PMA from the FDA unless an exemption applies. Either process can be lengthy and expensive. The FDA's 510(k) clearance process may take from three to twelve months, or longer, and may or may not require human clinical data. The PMA process is much more costly and lengthy. It may take from eleven months to three years, or even longer, and will likely require significant supporting human clinical data. Delays in obtaining regulatory clearance or approval could adversely affect Pansend s revenues and profitability. 
 
 R2 has obtained 510(k) clearances for its Glacial Rx system for various uses, including, but not limited to: the removal of benign lesions of the skin; the use of cooling technologies intended for the temporary reduction of pain; swelling; inflammation; hematoma for minor surgical procedures; general dermabrasion; scar revision; acne scar revision; tattoo removal; and minimization of pain, inflammation and thermal injury during laser and dermatological treatments. However, these approvals and clearances may be subject to revocation if post- marketing data demonstrates safety issues or lack of effectiveness. Many medical devices, such as medical lasers, are also regulated by the FDA as electronic products. In general, manufacturers and marketers of electronic products are subject to certain FDA regulatory requirements intended to ensure the radiological safety of the products. These requirements include, but are not limited to, filing certain reports with the FDA about the products and defects/safety issues related to the products as well as complying with radiological performance standards. 
 
 The medical device industry is now experiencing greater scrutiny and regulation by federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. Companies in the life sciences industry are subject to more frequent and more intensive reviews and investigations, often involving the marketing, business practices, and product quality management. Such reviews and investigations may result in civil and criminal proceedings the imposition of substantial fines and penalties the receipt of warning letters, untitled letters, demands for recalls or the seizure of Pansend s products the requirement to enter into corporate integrity agreements, stipulated judgments or other administrative remedies, and result in Pansend s incurring substantial unanticipated costs and the diversion of key personnel and management s attention from their regular duties, any of which may have an adverse effect on Pansend s financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, and may result in greater and continuing governmental scrutiny of Pansend s business in the future. Additionally, federal, state and foreign governments and entities have enacted laws and issued regulations and other standards requiring increased visibility and transparency of Pansend s interactions with healthcare providers. For example, the U.S. Physician Payment Sunshine Act, now known as Open Payments, requires Pansend to report to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, payments and other transfers of value to all U.S. physicians and U.S. teaching hospitals, with the reported information made publicly available on a searchable website. Failure to comply with these legal and regulatory requirements could impact Pansend s business, and it has had and will continue to spend substantial time and financial resources to develop and implement enhanced structures, policies, systems and processes to comply with these legal and regulatory requirements, which may also impact Pansend s business and which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 International regulatory approval processes may take more or less time than the FDA clearance or approval process. If Pansend fails to comply with applicable FDA and comparable non-U.S. regulatory requirements, it may not receive regulatory clearances or approvals or may be subject to FDA or comparable non-U.S. enforcement actions. Pansend may be unable to obtain future regulatory clearance or approval in a timely manner, or at all, especially if existing regulations are changed or new regulations are adopted. For example, the FDA clearance or approval process can take longer than anticipated due to requests for additional clinical data and changes in regulatory requirements. A failure or delay in obtaining necessary regulatory clearances or approvals would materially adversely affect Pansend s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, more stringent regulatory requirements or safety and quality standards may be issued in the future with an adverse effect on Pansend s business. 
 
 40 

Pansend s customers, or physicians and technicians, as the case may be, may misuse certain of its products, and product liability lawsuits and other damages imposed on Pansend may have a material adverse impact on its business. 
 
 Pansend faces an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the marketing and sale of its products. For example, Pansend may be sued if its products cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claim may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or breach of warranty. Pansend s products are highly complex, and some are used to treat delicate skin conditions on and near a patient's face. In addition, the clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of certain of Pansend s products and procedures may also expose Pansend to product liability, FDA regulatory and/or legal actions, or other claims. If a physician elects to apply an off-label use and the use leads to injury, Pansend may be involved in costly litigation. In addition, the fact that Pansend trains technicians whom it does not supervise in the use of the Glacial Rx system during patient treatment may expose Pansend to third-party claims if it is accused of providing inadequate training. Pansend may also be subject to claims against it even if the apparent injury is due to the actions of others or the pre-existing health of the patient. For example, Pansend relies on physicians in connection with the use of its products on patients. If these physicians are not properly trained or are negligent, the capabilities and safety features of Pansend s products may be diminished or the patient may suffer critical injury. Pansend may also be subject to claims that are caused by the actions of Pansend s suppliers, such as those who provide it with components and sub-assemblies. A product liability claim or product recall may result in losses that could result in the FDA taking legal or regulatory enforcement action against Pansend and/or Pansend s products including recall, and could have a material adverse effect upon Pansend s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Pansend has limited experience in manufacturing its products in large-scale commercial quantities and may face manufacturing risks that may adversely affect its ability to manufacture products and could reduce its gross margins and negatively affect its business and operating results. 
 
 Pansend s success depends, in part, on its ability to manufacture its current and future products in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis to meet demand, while adhering to product quality standards, complying with regulatory quality system requirements and managing manufacturing costs. For example, R2's third-party contract manufacturer has a manufacturing facility located in Sunnyvale, California where they produce, package and warehouse the Glacial Rx system. R2 also relies on a global third-party manufacturer for production of some of the components used in the Glacial Rx System. If R2 s facility, or the facilities of its third-party contract manufacturers, suffer damage, or a force majeure event, this could materially impact R2 s ability to operate. 
 
 Pansend is also subject to other risks relating to its manufacturing capabilities, including: 
 quality and reliability of components, sub-assemblies and materials that Pansend sources from third-party suppliers, who are required to meet Pansend s quality specifications, some of whom are Pansend s single-source suppliers for the products they supply 
 failure to secure raw materials, components and materials in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities or on commercially reasonable terms 
 inability to secure raw materials, components and materials of sufficient quality to meet the exacting needs of medical device manufacturing 
 failure to maintain compliance with quality system requirements or pass regulatory quality inspections 
 inability to increase production capacity or volumes to meet demand and 
 inability to design or modify production processes to enable Pansend to produce future products efficiently or implement changes in current products in response to design or regulatory requirements. 
 
 These risks could be exacerbated by Pansend s limited experience as an entity with large-scale commercial manufacturing. As demand for Pansend s products increases, Pansend will have to invest additional resources to purchase raw materials and components, sub-assemblies and materials, hire and train employees and enhance Pansend s manufacturing processes. If Pansend fails to increase Pansend s production capacity efficiently to meet demand for its products, it may not be able to fill customer orders on a timely basis, its sales may not increase in line with Pansend s expectations and Pansend s operating margins could fluctuate or decline. It may not be possible for Pansend to manufacture Pansend s products at a cost or in quantities sufficient to make these products commercially viable or to maintain current operating margins, all of which could have a material adverse effect on Pansend s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 There is a limited talent pool of experienced professionals in the life sciences industry. If Pansend is not able to retain and recruit personnel with the requisite technical skills, it may be unable to successfully execute Pansend s business strategy. 
 
 The specialized nature of Pansend s industry results in an inherent scarcity of experienced personnel in the field. Pansend s future success depends upon Pansend s ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, including scientific, technical, commercial, business, regulatory and administrative personnel, necessary to support Pansend s anticipated growth, develop Pansend s business and perform certain contractual obligations. Given the scarcity of professionals with the scientific knowledge that Pansend requires and the competition for qualified personnel among life science businesses, Pansend may not succeed in attracting or retaining the personnel Pansend requires to continue and grow its operations. 
 
 41 

Rapidly changing technology in life sciences could make the products Pansend is developing obsolete. 
 
 The life sciences industries are characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Pansend s future success will depend on Pansend s ability to continually develop and then improve the products that Pansend designs and to develop and introduce new products that address the evolving needs of Pansend s customers on a timely and cost- effective basis. Pansend also will need to pursue new market opportunities that develop as a result of technological and scientific advances. These new market opportunities may be outside the scope of Pansend s proven expertise or in areas which have unproven market demand. Any new products developed by Pansend may not be accepted in the intended markets. Pansend s inability to gain market acceptance of new products could harm Pansend s future operating results. 
 
 If Pansend is unable to effectively protect its intellectual property, it may not be able to operate its business and third parties may be able to use and profit from its technology, both of which would impair Pansend s ability to be competitive. 
 
 Pansend s success will be heavily dependent on its ability to obtain and maintain meaningful patent protection for Pansend s technologies and products throughout the world. Patent law relating to the scope of claims in the technology fields in which Pansend will operate is still evolving. The amount of ongoing protection for Pansend s proprietary rights therefore is uncertain. Pansend will rely on patents to protect a significant part of Pansend s intellectual property and to enhance Pansend s competitive position. However, Pansend s pending or future patent applications may be denied, and any patent previously issued to Pansend or Pansend s subsidiaries may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented. In particular, R2 filed a patent application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for a commercial patent that covers the Glacial Rx System, U.S. Patent No. 9522031 through 2029, with additional issued patents or patent applications that, once allowed, will protect coverage through 2042. Furthermore, the patent protections Pansend has been granted may not be broad enough to prevent competitors from producing products similar to Pansend's. In addition, the laws of various foreign countries in which Pansend may compete, such as China, may not protect Pansend s intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If Pansend fails to obtain adequate patent protection for Pansend s proprietary technology, Pansend s ability to be commercially competitive will be materially impaired. In the ordinary course of business and as appropriate, Pansend intends to apply for additional patents covering both Pansend s technologies and products, as it deems appropriate. Pansend s existing patents and any future patents it obtains may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from making use of technologies or developing competing products and technologies. In addition, because patent law is evolving in the life science industry, the patent positions of companies like ours are uncertain. As a result, the validity and enforceability of Pansend s patents cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 
 R2's success depends upon patient satisfaction with its procedures. 
 
 R2 s procedures are elective aesthetic procedures, the cost of which must be borne by the patient and is not covered by or reimbursable through government or private health insurance. In order to generate repeat and referral business, patients must be satisfied with the effectiveness of the procedures conducted using R2 s systems. The decision to undergo one of R2 s procedures is thus driven by patient demand, which may be influenced by a number of factors, such as: 
 the success of R2 s sales and marketing programs 
 the extent to which R2 s physician customers recommend its procedures to their patients 
 the extent to which R2 s procedures satisfy patient expectations 
 R2 s ability to properly train its physician customers in the use of its systems so that their patients do not experience excessive discomfort during treatment or adverse side effects 
 the cost, safety, and effectiveness of R2 s systems versus other aesthetic treatments 
 consumer sentiment about the benefits and risks of aesthetic procedures generally and R2 s systems in particular 
 the success of any direct-to-consumer marketing efforts R2 may initiate and 
 general consumer confidence, which may be impacted by economic and political conditions outside of R2 s control. 
 
 R2 s financial performance will be negatively impacted in the event it cannot generate significant patient demand for procedures performed with its systems. 
 
 If third parties make claims of intellectual property infringement against Pansend, or otherwise seek to establish their intellectual property rights equal or superior to Pansend s, it may have to spend time and money in response and potentially discontinue certain of Pansend s operations. 
 
 While Pansend currently does not believe it to be the case, third parties may claim that Pansend is employing their proprietary technology without authorization or that Pansend is infringing on their patents. If such claims were made, Pansend could incur substantial costs coupled with diversion of Pansend s management and key technical personnel in defending against these claims. Furthermore, parties making claims against Pansend may be able to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief which could effectively halt Pansend s ability to further develop, commercialize and sell products. In the event of a successful claim of infringement, courts may order Pansend to pay damages and obtain one or more licenses from third parties. Pansend may not be able to obtain these licenses at a reasonable cost, if at all. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses could prevent Pansend from commercializing available products and have a material negative effect on Pansend s business. 
 
 42 

Risks related to the Spectrum segment 
 
 Our broadcasting business conducted by Broadcasting operates in highly competitive markets and our ability to maintain market share and generate operating revenues depends on how effectively we compete with existing and new competition. 
 
 Spectrum's broadcast stations compete for audiences and advertising revenue with other broadcast stations as well as with other media such as the Internet and radio. Broadcasting also faces competition from (i) local free over-the-air broadcast television and radio stations; (ii) telecommunication companies; (iii) cable and satellite system operators and cable networks; (iv) print media providers such as newspapers, direct mail and periodicals; (v) internet search engines, internet service providers, websites, and mobile applications; and (vi) other emerging technologies including mobile television. Some of Broadcasting's current and potential competitors have greater financial and other resources than Broadcasting does and so may be better placed to extend audience reach and expand programming. Many of Broadcasting s competitors possess greater access to capital, and its financial resources may be relatively limited when contrasted with those of such competitors. If Broadcasting needs to obtain additional funding, Broadcasting may be unable to raise such capital or, if Broadcasting is able to obtain capital it may be on unfavorable terms. If Broadcasting is unable to obtain additional funding as and when needed, it could be forced to delay its development, marketing and expansion efforts and, if it continues to experience losses, potentially cease operations. 
 
 In addition, cable companies and others have developed national advertising networks in recent years that increase the competition for national advertising. Over the past decade, cable television programming services, other emerging video distribution platforms and the Internet have captured increasing market share. Cable providers, direct broadcast satellite companies and telecommunication companies are developing new technology that allows them to transmit more channels on their existing equipment to highly targeted audiences, reducing the cost of creating channels and potentially leading to the division of the television industry into ever more specialized niche markets. The decreased cost of creating channels may also encourage new competitors to enter Broadcasting's markets and compete with us for advertising revenue. In addition, technologies that allow viewers to digitally record, store and play back television programming may decrease viewership of commercials as recorded by media measurement services and, as a result, lower Spectrum's advertising revenues. Furthermore, technological advancements and the resulting increase in programming alternatives, such as cable television, direct broadcast satellite systems, pay-per-view, home video and entertainment systems, video-on-demand, mobile video and the Internet have also created new types of competition to television broadcast stations and will increase competition for household audiences and advertisers. We cannot provide any assurances that we will remain competitive with these developing technologies and our inability to successfully respond to new and growing sources of competition in the broadcasting industry could have an adverse effect on Broadcasting's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") could implement regulations or the U.S. Congress could adopt legislation that might have a significant impact on the operations of the stations we own and the stations we provide services to or the television broadcasting industry as a whole. 
 
 The FCC regulates Broadcasting's broadcasting business. We must often times obtain the FCC s approval to obtain, renew, assign or modify, a license, purchase a new station, sell an existing station or transfer the control of one of Broadcasting's subsidiaries that hold a license. Broadcasting's FCC licenses are critical to Broadcasting's operations; we cannot operate without them. We cannot be certain that the FCC will renew these licenses in the future or approve new acquisitions in a timely manner, if at all. If licenses are not renewed or acquisitions are not approved, we may lose revenue that we otherwise could have earned and this would have an adverse effect on Broadcasting's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, Congress and the FCC may, in the future, adopt new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters (including, but not limited to, technological changes in spectrum assigned to particular services) that could, directly or indirectly, materially and adversely affect the operation and ownership of Broadcasting's broadcast properties. 
 
 Broadcasting Licenses are issued by, and subject to the jurisdiction of the FCC, pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the "Communications Act"). The Communications Act empowers the FCC, among other actions, to issue, renew, revoke and modify broadcasting licenses; determine stations frequencies, locations and operating power; regulate some of the equipment used by stations; adopt other regulations to carry out the provisions of the Communications Act and other laws, including requirements affecting the content of broadcasts; and to impose penalties for violation of its regulations, including monetary forfeitures, short-term renewal of licenses and license revocation or denial of license renewals. Any of these actions imposed by the FCC could result in the loss of station licenses or assets. 
 
 License Renewals. Broadcast television licenses are typically granted for standard terms of eight years. Most licenses for commercial and noncommercial TV broadcast stations, Class A TV broadcast stations, television translators and Low Power Television ("LPTV") broadcast stations have expirations between 2023 and 2031; however, the Communications Act requires the FCC to renew a broadcast license if the FCC finds that the station has served the public interest, convenience and necessity and, with respect to the station, there have been no serious violations by the licensee of either the Communications Act or the FCC s rules and regulations and there have been no other violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or the FCC s rules and regulations that, taken together, constitute a pattern of abuse. The Company had 38 pending renewal applications at the end of 2022, and will have 6 applications due in 2023. Third parties may oppose license renewals. A station remains authorized to operate while its license renewal application is pending. 
 
 43 

License Assignments. The Communications Act requires prior FCC approval for the assignment or transfer of control of an FCC licensee. Third parties may oppose the Company s applications to assign, transfer or acquire broadcast licenses. 
 
 Full Power and Class A Station Regulations. The Communications Act and FCC rules and regulations limit the ability of individuals and entities to have certain official positions or ownership interests, known as "attributable" interests, above specific levels in full power broadcast stations as well as in other specified mass media entities. Many of these limits do not apply to Class A stations, television translators and LPTV authorizations. In seeking FCC approval for the acquisition of a broadcast television station license, the acquiring person or entity must demonstrate that the acquisition complies with applicable FCC ownership rules or that a waiver of the rules is in the public interest. Additionally, while the Communications Act and FCC regulations have been modified to no longer strictly prohibit ownership of a broadcast station license by any corporation with more than 25 percent of its stock owned or voted by non-U.S. persons, their representatives or any other corporation organized under the laws of a foreign country, foreign ownership above such threshold is determined by the FCC on a case-by-case basis, which analysis is subject to the specific circumstances of each such request. The FCC has also adopted regulations concerning children s television programming, commercial limits, local issues and programming, political files, sponsorship identification, equal employment opportunity requirements and other requirements for full power and Class A broadcast television stations. The FCC s rules require operational full-power and Class A stations to file quarterly reports demonstrating compliance with these regulations. 
 
 Low Power Television and TV Translator Authorizations. LPTV stations and TV Translators have "secondary spectrum priority" to full-service television stations. The secondary status of these authorizations prohibits LPTV and TV Translator stations from causing interference to the reception of existing or future full-service television stations and requires them to accept interference from existing or future full-service television stations and other primary licensees. LPTV and TV Translator licensees are subject to fewer regulatory obligations than full-power and Class A licensees, and there no limit on the number of LPTV stations that may be owned by any one entity. 
 
 Obscenity and Indecency Regulations. Federal law and FCC regulations prohibit the broadcast of obscene material on television at any time and the broadcast of indecent material between the hours of 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. local time. The FCC investigates complaints of broadcasts of prohibited obscene or indecent material and can assess fines of up to 0.35 million per incident for violation of the prohibition against obscene or indecent broadcasts and up to 3.3 million for any continuing violation based on any single act or failure to act. The FCC may also revoke or refuse to renew a broadcast station license based on a serious violation of the agency s obscenity and indecency rules. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in New York, New York. We own select fabrication facilities, warehouses, administrative and sales offices and lease administrative, technical and sales office space in various locations in the countries in which we operate. DBMG is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona; Broadcasting is headquartered in New York, New York. We believe that our present administrative, technical and sales office facilities are adequate for our anticipated operations and that similar space can be obtained readily as needed. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information set forth in Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 INNOVATE common stock trades on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "VATE". 
 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, INNOVATE had approximately 50 holders of record of its common stock. This number does not include stockholders for whom shares were held in "nominee" or "street" name. 
 
 44 

Dividends 
 
 INNOVATE paid no dividends on its common stock in 2022 or 2021, and the INNOVATE Board of Directors has no current intention of paying any dividends on INNOVATE common stock in the near future. The payment of dividends on common stock, if any, in the future is within the discretion of the INNOVATE Board of Directors and will depend on our earnings, our capital requirements, financial condition, the ability to comply with the requirements of the law and agreements governing our and our subsidiaries indebtedness. The Secured Indentures of certain of our debt instruments contain covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict our ability to make certain restricted payments, including the payment of cash dividends with respect to INNOVATE s common stock. The DBMG Facility contains similar covenants applicable to DBMG. Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 13. Debt Obligations to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for more detail concerning our Secured Notes and other financing arrangements. Moreover, dividends may be restricted by other arrangements entered into in the future by us. 
 
 For details on preferred share dividends refer to Note 18. Temporary Equity and Equity in the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Equity Award Share Withholding 
 
 Shares of common stock withheld as payment of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting or exercise of equity awards are also treated as common stock repurchases. Those withheld shares of common stock are not considered common stock repurchases under an authorized common stock repurchase plan. During fiscal year 2022, we withheld 39,044 shares at an average price per share of 0.75 as payment of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting and exercise of equity awards. 
 
 For information about our equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 11, below. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 45 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the information in our consolidated annual audited financial statements and the notes thereto, each of which are contained in Item 8. entitled "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," and other financial information included herein. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the "Risk Factors" section as well as the section below entitled "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, "INNOVATE" means INNOVATE Corp. (formerly known as HC2 Holdings, Inc.) and the "Company," "we" and "our" mean INNOVATE together with its consolidated subsidiaries. "U.S. GAAP" means accounting principles accepted in the United States of America. 

Our Business and Our Operations 
 
 We are a diversified holding company with principal operations conducted through three operating platforms or reportable segments: Infrastructure ("DBMG"), Life Sciences ("Pansend"), and Spectrum, plus our Other segment, which includes businesses that do not meet the separately reportable segment thresholds. 
 
 For additional information on our business refer to Note 1. Organization and Business to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Cyclical Patterns 
 
 Our segments' operations can be highly cyclical. Our volume of business in our Infrastructure segment may be adversely affected by declines or delays in projects, which may vary by geographic region. Project schedules, particularly in connection with large, complex, and longer-term projects can also create fluctuations in the services provided, which may adversely affect us in a given period. 
 
 For example, in connection with larger, more complicated projects, the timing of obtaining permits and other approvals may be delayed, and we may need to maintain a portion of our workforce and equipment in an underutilized capacity to ensure we are strategically positioned to deliver on such projects when they move forward. 
 
 Examples of other items that may cause our results or demand for our services to fluctuate materially from quarter to quarter include: weather or project site conditions; financial condition of our customers and their access to capital; margins of projects performed during any particular period; rising interest rates and inflation; and economic, political and market conditions on a regional, national or global scale. 
 
 Accordingly, our operating results in any particular period may not be indicative of the results that can be expected for any other period. 

Recent Developments 
 
 In 2021 and 2022, as part of our strategic process we engaged in several transactions that had an effect on the results of operations and financial condition of our business and individual segments. 
 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 
 Infrastructure 
 
 Banker Steel Acquisition 
 
 On May 27, 2021, DBMG closed on the acquisition of 100 of Banker Steel Holdco LLC ("Banker Steel") for 145.0 million. The acquisition was financed with 64.1 million from a partial draw on the new 110.0 million revolving credit facility, 49.6 million of sellers' notes, 6.3 million of assumed debt of Banker Steel, and 25.0 million in cash received from INNOVATE in the settlement of certain intercompany balances. 
 
 46 

Insurance 
 
 Sale of CIG 
 
 The sale of CIG closed on July 1, 2021 to Continental General Holdings LLC, an entity controlled by Michael Gorzynski, a former director of the Company who has also served as executive chairman of Continental since October 2020. Our previous Insurance segment, which primarily consisted of a closed block of long-term care insurance, had a book value, inclusive of intercompany eliminations, at the time of the sale of 544.0 million, inclusive of 344.0 million of Accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"). The carrying value of the Insurance segment at the time of sale excluded cash of 62.5 million and investments of 26.7 million which were distributed to the Company through an extraordinary dividend immediately prior to the sale. The amount included in AOCI was reversed from equity at the time of the sale and offset the loss recognized. 
 
 Following the full impairment of goodwill associated with our Insurance segment in 2019, combined with the risks associated with the long-term care insurance industry, the Company exited the Insurance segment and sold the business resulting in a 200.8 million loss on the sale of CIG. 
 
 Spectrum 
 
 Mutual Release and Termination Agreement with Azteca International Corporation and TV Azteca S.A.B. de C.V. 
 
 On December 31, 2022, Broadcasting entered into that certain Mutual Release and Termination Agreement with Azteca International Corporation and TV Azteca, S.A.B. de C.V. (collectively, TVA ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate that certain Program Licensing Agreement entered into as of November 29, 2017 (the PLA ), and the Binding Term Sheet: La Academia, dated as of November 10, 2019, and exchange mutual releases of any and all claims based on, arising out of or related to the PLA and certain other agreements to which HC2 Networks and TVA were previously parties. 
 
 Other 
 
 Sale of Beyond6 
 
 On January 15, 2021, the Company closed on the sale of Beyond6 to an affiliate of Mercuria Investments US, Inc. Net proceeds received by INNOVATE at closing was cash consideration of approximately 70.0 million. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company recognized a 39.2 million gain on the sale. During the third quarter of 2021, as a result of releases of related escrows and hold backs, the Company recognized an additional 0.5 million gain on the sale. 
 
 Sale of Remaining 19 Interest in HMN 
 
 Subsequent to year end, on March 6, 2023, the Company closed on the sale of its remaining 19 interest in HMN to subsidiaries and an affiliate of Hengtong Optic-Electric Co Ltd. The sale was consummated pursuant to the terms of a supplemental agreement entered into by the parties in June 2022. After taxes and transaction fees, INNOVATE received approximately 32 million in cash. 
 
 Debt Obligations and Financing 
 
 In 2021 and 2022, we refinanced several of our loans and credit facilities and obtained new capital financing at the corporate and subsidiary level. This financing helped us make the acquisitions described above, gave us better terms and provided needed capital for the operations of our subsidiaries. 
 
 Non-Operating Corporate 
 
 On February 1, 2021, the Company repaid its 11.50 senior secured notes due 2021 (the "2021 Senior Secured Notes"), and issued 330.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50 senior secured notes due 2026 (the "2026 Senior Secured Notes"). In addition, the Company entered into exchange agreements with certain holders of approximately 51.8 million aggregate principal amount of its existing 55.0 million 7.50 convertible senior notes due 2022 (the "2022 Convertible Notes"), pursuant to which the Company exchanged such holders' 2022 Convertible Notes for newly issued convertible notes due 2026 (the "2026 Convertible Notes"). On June 1, 2022, the 2022 Convertible Notes of 3.2 million matured, and the Company repaid the principal and accrued interest upon maturity. 
 
 On February 23, 2021, the Company entered into a third amendment for the line of credit with MSD PCOF Partners IX, LLC ("Revolving Credit Agreement"), increasing the aggregate principal amount to 20.0 million and extending the maturity to February 23, 2024. In May 2021, the Company drew 5.0 million under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Company used the proceeds to fund the redemption of the Company's Series A and A-2 Preferred Stock. In July 2022, the Company drew an additional 15.0 million under the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 
 On July 1, 2021, CGI exchanged their Series A and Series A-2 Preferred Stock for new classes of Series A-3 and A-4 Preferred Stock with an extended maturity of July 1, 2026, with other terms substantially unchanged. 
 47 

Infrastructure 
 
 In May 2021, DBMG repaid its LIBOR plus 1.50 revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank and its term loan due 2023 under a financing agreement with TCW Asset Management Company LLC. DBMG entered into a new credit facility with UMB Bank for a 110.0 million term loan ("UMB Term Loan") and 110.0 million revolving credit agreement ("UMB Revolving Line"). The proceeds received in 2021 were used to fully repay DBMG's existing debt obligations, fund a portion of the Banker Steel acquisition, and provide additional working capital capacity to DBMG. The 2021 extinguishment of the Wells Fargo revolving line and the TCW loan yielded a loss on extinguishment of debt in 2021 of 1.6 million included in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Life Sciences 
 
 In February 2021, R2 received 10.0 million in funding from Huadong Medicine Company Limited Huadong ), a leading publicly traded Chinese pharmaceutical company. As part of its equity investment in R2, Huadong received exclusive distribution rights for R2 s products in the China and selected Asia-Pacific markets. 
 
 In July 2021, the Company provided an additional 15.0 million in Series C funding to R2. The investment was made through the Company s Life Sciences subsidiary, Pansend Life Sciences, LLC. 
 
 In the summer of 2022, R2 Technologies entered into various note purchase agreements with Lancer Capital, LLC ("Lancer"), an entity controlled by Avram A. Glazer, the Chairman of INNOVATE's Board of Directors, for an aggregate 10.0 million loan at a 12.0 per annum interest rate. In December 2022, R2 Technologies closed on an additional 0.8 million 18.0 note with Lancer and also increased the borrowing rate on the 10.0 million note to 18.0 . In addition, the maturity date on the existing 10.0 million note was amended to the earlier of March 31, 2023 or within five business days after the date on which R2 Technologies receives an aggregate 20.0 million from the consummation of a debt or equity financing. All other terms were substantially unchanged. Subsequent to year end, on February 15, 2023 and February 28, 2023, R2 Technologies closed on an additional 18 0.5 million and an additional 18 0.4 million note with Lancer, respectively. 
 
 In November 2022, MediBeacon amended its existing agreements with Huadong, which will provide approximately 10 million in funding by June 30, 2023, including 7.5 million or 50 of the remaining 15 million milestone investment due upon FDA approval of MediBeacon's TGFR at a pre-money valuation of approximately 400 million. 
 
 Spectrum 
 
 Notes 
 
 On August 30, 2021, Broadcasting repurchased 1.0 million of DTV America Corporation's ("DTV") outstanding notes payable to certain institutional investors, of which the debt is now eliminated in consolidation. Also on August 30, 2021, DTV extended its remaining outstanding notes by 60 days. 
 
 On October 21, 2021, Broadcasting entered into the Fifth Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes, Consent and Second Amendment to Asset Sale Under Secured Notes and Intercreditor Agreement with its lenders, which, among other things, extended 52.2 million of its Senior Secured Notes, due October 21, 2021, through November 30, 2022. In addition, Broadcasting completed the last of a series of repurchases of all the outstanding secured and convertible promissory notes, inclusive of accrued interest, of DTV using a combination of cash on hand and proceeds from the sales on non-core assets. 
 
 In 2022, Broadcasting entered into two amendments to its Senior Secured Notes, which, among other things, extended the maturity date to May 31, 2024. The 52.2 million of Senior Secured Notes consisted of 19.3 million of 8.5 Senior Secured Notes and 32.9 million of 10.5 Senior Secured Notes. The other terms of the 19.3 million 8.5 Senior Notes remained the same. At the time of the extension, HC2 Broadcasting had accrued interest and other fees 6.9 million. The interest rate on the 32.9 million 10.5 Senior Notes was increased to 11.45 and accrued interest and fees of 17.5 million were capitalized into the principal balance with the transaction accounted for as a debt modification event. The new effective interest rates on the notes range from 12.8 to 19.6 . All other terms were essentially the same. Total outstanding principal after the refinancing was 69.7 million and 6.9 million of accrued interest and fees remain accrued, with total exit fees of 7.6 million which were recorded as original issue discount with a corresponding liability reflected in Other Liabilities. Interest is accrued and payable upon maturity of the principal. 
 
 Concurrently therewith and as part of the consideration for extending the 10.5 Senior Notes, HC2 Broadcasting amended warrants to purchase 145,825 shares of common stock of HC2 Broadcasting Holdings, Inc., or approximately 12 of diluted equity, held by the lenders of the 10.5 Senior Notes by extending the time to exercise such to the second half of 2026 and reducing the exercise price per share (i) from 140.00 to 0.01 in the case of the certain of the warrants and (ii) from 130.00 to 0.01 in the case of the remaining warrants. The change in the fair value of the warrants was recorded as original issue discount with a corresponding impact reflected in Noncontrolling interest of 3.1 million. 
 
 48 

Other 
 
 On December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Continental General Insurance Company CGIC pursuant to which CGIC and its affiliates agreed to vote certain shares of the Company s Series A-3 Convertible Participating Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and the Company s Series A-4 Convertible Participating Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, to the extent such shares result in CGIC beneficially owning more than 9.9 of the aggregate voting power of the Company, in the same manner as the majority of the holders holding less than 10 of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, vote their shares with respect to any matter pursuant to which such shares are entitled to vote. 
 
 Stockholders' Rights Agreement 
 
 On August 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Tax Benefits Preservation Plan (the "Plan"). The Plan is intended to help protect the Company's ability to use its tax net operating losses and other certain tax assets ("Tax Benefits") by deterring an "ownership change," as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (the "Code"), by a person or group of affiliated or associated persons from acquiring beneficial ownership of 4.9 or more of the outstanding common shares. Refer to Note 18. Temporary Equity and Equity for further information. 
 
 COVID-19 Impact on our Business 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to adversely affect the Company s business. Labor shortages and supply chain disruptions have created significant delays in our ability to complete projects and deliver products, including in our Infrastructure and Life Sciences segments. Our receipt of materials from areas impacted by the pandemic was slowed or disrupted in 2022 and we expect our suppliers to continue to face similar challenges in fulfilling orders. Transportation costs continued to increase in 2022 as a result of COVID-19 and these costs may continue to rise. We have not been able to pass all of these cost increases on to our customers and, as a result, our margins have been adversely impacted. In addition, our Life Sciences segment was adversely affected in 2022 by continuing requirements to implement COVID-19 operational measures at clinical trial sites, which resulted in some clinical trials being delayed. 

Financial Presentation Background 
 
 In the below section within this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, we compare, pursuant to U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure rules, the Company s results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 49 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations and a comparison of the change between the periods as indicated (in millions): 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase / (Decrease) Revenue Infrastructure 
 1,594.3 1,159.7 434.6 Life Sciences 4.3 3.5 0.8 Spectrum 38.7 42.0 (3.3) Total revenue 1,637.3 1,205.2 432.1 Income (loss) from operations Infrastructure 
 57.5 35.2 22.3 Life Sciences (20.1) (19.9) (0.2) Spectrum (3.8) (0.8) (3.0) Other (0.6) (2.0) 1.4 Non-operating Corporate (19.6) (23.1) 3.5 Total income (loss) from operations 13.4 (10.6) 24.0 Interest expense (52.0) (59.1) 7.1 Loss on extinguishment of debt (12.5) 12.5 Loss from equity investees (1.3) (2.8) 1.5 Other (expense) income, net (1.2) 4.3 (5.5) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (41.1) (80.7) 39.6 Income tax expense (0.9) (5.6) 4.7 Loss from continuing operations (42.0) (86.3) 44.3 Loss from discontinued operations (including net loss on disposal of 159.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021) (149.9) 149.9 Net loss (42.0) (236.2) 194.2 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest 6.1 8.7 (2.6) Net loss attributable to INNOVATE Corp. (35.9) (227.5) 191.6 Less: Preferred dividends and deemed dividends from conversions 4.9 2.2 2.7 Net loss attributable to common stockholders (40.8) (229.7) 188.9 
 
 Revenue : Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 432.1 million to 1,637.3 million from 1,205.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the Infrastructure segment, led by the contribution from Banker Steel, which was acquired on May 27, 2021, and the execution of larger projects resulting from strong market demand at DBMG's commercial structural steel fabrication and erection business, partially offset by decreases at DBMG's industrial maintenance and repair, and construction modeling and detailing businesses due to the completion of unrepeated large projects in 2021, and a net decrease in revenues at Spectrum driven by a decrease at Azteca partially offset by an increase in station revenue. 
 
 Income (loss) from operations : Income from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 24.0 million to income of 13.4 million from a loss of 10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in income from operations of 22.3 million from our Infrastructure segment as a result of the contribution from Banker Steel and increases at DBMG's commercial structural steel fabrication and erection business. The increase in income from operations was also attributable to an improvement of 3.5 million from our Non-operating Corporate segment, which had decreases in SG A, and an improvement of 1.4 million from our Other segment, primarily due to a decrease in professional fees. Partially offsetting these improvements were increases in loss from operations from our Spectrum and Life Sciences segments of 3.0 million and 0.2 million, respectively. Our Spectrum segment experienced decreased revenue, increased support fees and license royalty at the Azteca network, which was partially offset by an increase at station group driven by an increase in revenue, decrease in SG A, offset by an increase in cost of revenues from a higher station count and a decrease in income from FCC reimbursements. 
 
 50 

Interest expense : Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 7.1 million to 52.0 million from 59.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in interest expense at our Non-Operating Corporate segment of 7.8 million as a result of the refinancing of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes in the first quarter of 2021, which decreased the average cost of capital and the total principal outstanding, offset slightly by a higher balance on the line of credit. In addition, a decrease in interest expense at our Spectrum segment, which was offset by increases in interest expense at our Infrastructure and Life Science segments, driven by increased outstanding principal balances and new debt, respectively. 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt : Loss extinguishment of debt was zero and 12.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven by the write-off of deferred financing costs and original issuance discount in connection with the refinancing of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes and the 2022 Convertible Notes in the first quarter of 2021, as well as the refinancing of Infrastructure debt in conjunction with the Banker Steel acquisition in the second quarter of 2021. There were no debt extinguishments for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loss from equity investees: Loss from equity investees for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 1.5 million to 1.3 million from 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in the loss from equity investees was driven by higher equity method income recorded from our investment in Triple Ring and lower equity method losses recorded from our equity investment in MediBeacon. Pansend's net carrying amount of its investment in MediBeacon, inclusive of a 5.0 million loan, was reduced to zero in the current year, as losses incurred exceeded Pansend's net basis in MediBeacon, resulting in fewer losses recognized than in the prior year. This was partially offset by the equity investment in HMN, as it produced lower income than in the prior year, which is generally attributable to the timing of project work. 
 
 Other (expense) income, net: Other (expense) income, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 5.5 million to an expense of 1.2 million from income of 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily comprised of a deemed distribution loss related to a former subsidiary, CGIC, from a tax sharing arrangement and consolidation on the 2021 tax return, and a fair value adjustment to an investment in our Life Sciences segment. Refer to Note 10. Discontinued Operations and Exit Activities in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on CGIC. Other income, net, for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by the income recognized on a litigation settlement and a gain on embedded derivatives recorded at our Corporate segment in the prior year. 
 
 Income tax expense : Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 4.7 million to 0.9 million from 5.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021. The income tax expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily relates to the tax expense as calculated under ASC 740 for taxpaying entities, which was partially offset by the net tax savings of 3.1 million from the CGIC consolidation in the 2021 tax return, resulting in a partial release of the valuation allowance. Refer to Note 10. Discontinued Operations and Exit Activities in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The income tax expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to the tax expense as calculated under ASC 740 for taxpaying entities. The tax benefits associated with losses generated by the INNOVATE Corp. U.S. consolidated income tax return and certain other businesses have been reduced by a full valuation allowance as we do not believe it is more-likely-than-not that the losses will be utilized. 

Segment Results of Operations 
 
 In the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, other operating (income) loss includes: (i) (gain) loss on sale or disposal of assets; (ii) lease termination costs; (iii) asset impairment expense; (iv) accretion of asset retirement obligations; and (v) FCC reimbursements. Each table summarizes the results of operations of our operating segments and compares the amount of the change between the periods presented (in millions). 

Infrastructure Segment Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase / (Decrease) Revenue 1,594.3 1,159.7 434.6 Cost of revenue 1,392.5 1,001.6 390.9 Selling, general and administrative 123.9 103.5 20.4 Depreciation and amortization 21.0 19.1 1.9 Other operating (income) loss (0.6) 0.3 (0.9) Income from operations 57.5 35.2 22.3 
 
 Revenue: Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 434.6 million to 1,594.3 million from 1,159.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the contribution from Banker Steel, which was acquired on May 27, 2021 and contributed 298.3 million of the increase in revenues, and the execution of large projects resulting from strong market demand at DBMG's commercial structural steel fabrication and erection business. The increases were partially offset by the industrial maintenance and repair, and construction modeling and detailing businesses due to the completion of unrepeated large projects in 2021. 
 
 51 

Cost of revenue: Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 390.9 million to 1,392.5 million from 1,001.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Higher levels of revenue contributed to the increase in cost of revenue; primarily driven by DBMG's commercial structural steel fabrication and erection business from the execution of large projects and Banker Steel, which contributed 272.1 million of the increase in cost of revenue. The increases were partially offset by the industrial maintenance and repair, and construction modeling and detailing businesses due to the completion of unrepeated large projects in 2021. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative: Selling, general and administrative expense ("SG A") for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 20.4 million to 123.9 million from 103.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in SG A was largely driven by Banker Steel, which contributed approximately 5.9 million of the increase in SG A. The increase was also attributable to costs from a one-time internal operational restructuring project and other streamlining activities in the current year, increases in salaries and wages, bonus expense and travel costs. Refer to Footnote 10. Discontinued Operations and Exit Activities in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the one-time restructuring costs. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization: Depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 1.9 million to 21.0 million from 19.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the additional amortization and depreciation of assets obtained in the acquisition of Banker Steel in May 2021, which contributed 2.4 million of the increase. The increase was partially offset by runoff of depreciation expense related to fully depreciated assets. 
 
 Other operating (income) loss : Other operating income from our Infrastructure segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 0.9 million to income of 0.6 million from a loss of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The improvement was primarily driven by a gain on disposal of an asset in the current year. 

Life Sciences Segment Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase / (Decrease) Revenue 4.3 3.5 0.8 Cost of revenue 3.5 2.5 1.0 Selling, general and administrative 20.6 20.7 (0.1) Depreciation and amortization 0.3 0.2 0.1 Loss from operations (20.1) (19.9) (0.2) 
 
 Revenue : Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 0.8 million to 4.3 million from 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenue was attributable to R2, which was driven by additional revenues from the launch of Glacial Spa systems and consumables outside the U.S. at the end of 2021, an increase in Glacial Rx system sales outside the U.S., and an increase in consumable sales in the U.S. This was partially offset by a decrease in Glacial Rx system sales within the U.S., as the comparable period benefited from a backlog of pre-orders due to the second quarter 2021 launch, which resulted in additional revenue recognition when those systems were shipped in 2021. 
 
 Cost of revenue : Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 1.0 million to 3.5 million from 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of revenue was attributable to the increase in revenues as well as changes in the product mix and geographical market. 

Spectrum Segment 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase / (Decrease) Revenue 38.7 42.0 (3.3) Cost of revenue 19.9 17.4 2.5 Selling, general and administrative 15.5 19.1 (3.6) Depreciation and amortization 5.8 6.0 (0.2) Other operating loss 1.3 0.3 1.0 Loss from operations (3.8) (0.8) (3.0) 
 
 Revenue: Revenue from our Spectrum segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 3.3 million to 38.7 million from 42.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in advertising revenues at the Azteca network, which decreased from 23.4 million to 19.1 million, due to a decreased footprint and declines in paid programming. This was partially offset by an increase in station revenues, which increased from 18.6 million to 19.6 million, due to the launch of new customers and an increase in the number of operating stations. 
 52 

Cost of revenue: Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 2.5 million to 19.9 million from 17.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The overall increase was primarily due to increases in rent, facility and infrastructure costs related to a higher station count, and an increase in expenses at the Azteca network, which increased from 7.1 million to 7.8 million, primarily as a result of license royalty expense incurred under the PLA, which started in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative: Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 3.6 million to 15.5 million from 19.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by decreases in: legal expenses, severance expense, stock compensation, salaries and wages, and professional fees. The decreases in SG A were partially offset by an increase in SG A expenses at the Azteca network, which increased from 8.1 million to 8.4 million, primarily driven by shutdown termination costs and higher marketing costs, partially offset by decrease in commissions and salaries and benefits. 
 
 Other operating loss : Other operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 1.0 million to 1.3 million from 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in loss was primarily related to a decrease in FCC reimbursements, impairment charges in the current year related to the HC2 Network PLA due to a decline in performance. This was partially offset by fewer right-of-use asset impairments in the current year. 

Non-operating Corporate Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase / (Decrease) Selling, general and administrative 19.5 23.0 (3.5) Depreciation and amortization 0.1 0.1 Loss from operations (19.6) (23.1) 3.5 
 
 Selling, general and administrative : Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 3.5 million to 19.5 million from 23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was driven by a decrease in disposition and acquisition expenses, bonus expense, legal expense, unrepeated proxy related expenses and a settlement expense for the Company's former CEO accrued in the prior year. This was partially offset by an increase in severance for the current year related to the Company's former Chief Legal Officer, increases in professional fees, and other compensation related items. 

(Loss) Income from Equity Investees Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase / (Decrease) Life Sciences (6.2) (8.1) 1.9 Other 4.9 5.3 (0.4) (Loss) from equity investees (1.3) (2.8) 1.5 

Life Sciences: Loss from equity investees within our Life Sciences segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 1.9 million to 6.2 million from 8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in loss was primarily due to net higher equity method income recorded from our investment in Triple Ring and lower equity method losses recorded from our equity investment in MediBeacon. Pansend's net carrying amount of its investment in MediBeacon, inclusive of a 5.0 million loan, was reduced to zero in the current year, as losses incurred exceeded Pansend's net basis in MediBeacon, resulting in fewer losses recognized than in the prior year. MediBeacon experienced increased expenses as it performed its US Pivotal Study of the TGFR in 2022 to study the viability of real-time, direct monitoring of kidney function. 
 
 Other: Income from equity investees within our Other segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 0.4 million to 4.9 million from 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was driven by the equity investment in HMN, as it produced lower income than in the prior year, which is generally attributable to the timing of project work. 
 
 53 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Information 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement recognized under U.S. GAAP. In addition, other companies may define Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, which could limit its usefulness. 
 
 Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides investors with meaningful information for gaining an understanding of our results as it is frequently used by the financial community to provide insight into an organization s operating trends and facilitates comparisons between peer companies, since interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and the other items listed in the definition of Adjusted EBITDA below can differ greatly between organizations as a result of differing capital structures and tax strategies. Adjusted EBITDA can also be a useful measure of a company s ability to service debt. While management believes that non-U.S. GAAP measurements are useful supplemental information, such adjusted results are not intended to replace our U.S. GAAP financial results. Using Adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure has inherent limitations as an analytical tool as compared to net income (loss) or other U.S. GAAP financial measures, as this non-GAAP measure excludes certain items, including items that are recurring in nature, which may be meaningful to investors. As a result of the exclusions, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation and does not purport to be an alternative to net income (loss) or other U.S. GAAP financial measures as a measure of our operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA excludes the results of operations and any consolidating eliminations of our previous Insurance segment. 
 
 The calculation of Adjusted EBITDA, as defined by us, consists of Net income (loss) attributable to INNOVATE Corp., excluding discontinued operations; depreciation and amortization; other operating (income) loss, which is inclusive of (gain) loss on sale or disposal of assets, lease termination costs, asset impairment expense and FCC reimbursements; interest expense; other (income) expense, net; loss on extinguishment of debt; income tax expense (benefit); noncontrolling interest; share-based compensation expense; restructuring and exit costs; non-recurring items; costs associated with the COVID-19 pandemic; and acquisition and disposition costs. 

(in millions) Year ended December 31, 2022 Infrastructure 
 Life Sciences Spectrum Non-operating Corporate Other and Eliminations INNOVATE Net income (loss) attributable to INNOVATE Corp., excluding discontinued operations 29.2 (19.2) (13.3) (35.3) 2.7 (35.9) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA: Depreciation and amortization 21.0 0.3 5.8 0.1 27.2 Depreciation and amortization (included in cost of revenue) 15.0 15.0 Other operating (income) loss (0.6) 1.3 0.7 Interest expense 10.1 0.8 7.4 33.7 52.0 Other (income) expense, net (1.0) 0.4 3.9 (1.9) (0.2) 1.2 Income tax expense (benefit) 16.5 (0.1) (16.2) 0.7 0.9 Noncontrolling interest 2.8 (8.2) (1.9) 1.2 (6.1) Share-based compensation expense 0.5 1.9 2.4 Restructuring and exit costs 6.5 0.7 7.2 Acquisition and disposition costs 2.2 0.7 1.0 (0.4) 3.5 Adjusted EBITDA 101.7 (25.4) 4.5 (16.7) 4.0 68.1 
 
 54 

(in millions) Year ended December 31, 2021 Infrastructure 
 Life Sciences Spectrum Non-operating Corporate Other and Eliminations INNOVATE Net loss attributable to INNOVATE Corp. (227.5) Less: Discontinued operations (149.9) Net income (loss) attributable to INNOVATE Corp., excluding discontinued operations 16.9 (19.8) (12.9) (64.2) 2.4 (77.6) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA: Depreciation and amortization 19.1 0.2 6.0 0.1 25.4 Depreciation and amortization (included in cost of revenue) 12.2 12.2 Other operating loss 0.4 0.2 0.6 Interest expense 8.5 9.2 41.4 59.1 Other (income) expense, net (4.0) 3.9 (4.2) (4.3) Loss on extinguishment of debt 1.5 1.0 10.0 12.5 Income tax expense (benefit) 10.5 0.3 (6.1) 0.9 5.6 Noncontrolling interest 1.8 (8.2) (2.3) (8.7) Share-based compensation expense 0.2 0.6 1.6 2.4 Nonrecurring items 0.5 0.5 1.0 COVID-19 costs 8.6 8.6 Acquisition and disposition costs 2.4 0.9 2.9 0.9 7.1 Adjusted EBITDA 78.4 (27.6) 6.9 (18.0) 4.2 43.9 
 
 Infrastructure: Net income from our Infrastructure segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 12.3 million to 29.2 million from 16.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted EBITDA from our Infrastructure segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 23.3 million to 101.7 million from 78.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily driven by the revenue increases combined with improvement in contribution from Banker Steel and our fabrication and erection business as a result of larger jobs with increased profits in the current year, and the completion of lower margin projects sold in the first half of 2021. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was partially offset by an increase in SG A, driven by Banker Steel, which was acquired in May of 2021, and to support the growth of the business, as well as reduced contributions from the construction modeling and detailing, and industrial maintenance and repair businesses due to the completion of unrepeated large projects in 2021. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was also partially offset by an increase in SG A, largely from Banker Steel, and to support the growth in the business. Refer to Footnote 10. Discontinued Operations and Exit Activities in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the one-time restructuring costs. 
 
 Life Sciences: Net loss from our Life Sciences segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 0.6 million to 19.2 million from 19.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted EBITDA loss from our Life Sciences segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 2.2 million to 25.4 million from 27.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The improvement was primarily driven by an increase in equity method income recorded for Pansend's investment in Triple Ring and a decrease in the equity method losses recorded for Pansend's investment in MediBeacon. Pansend's net carrying amount of its investment in MediBeacon, inclusive of a 5.0 million loan was reduced to zero in the current year, as losses incurred exceeded Pansend's net basis in MediBeacon, resulting in fewer losses recognized than in the comparable period. 
 
 Spectrum: Net loss from our Spectrum segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 0.4 million to 13.3 million from 12.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted EBITDA from our Spectrum segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 2.4 million to 4.5 million from 6.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The overall decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily driven by the decrease in revenue at the Azteca network driven by a decreased footprint and a decline in paid programming, an increase in station costs as a result of new station builds, as well as an increase in expenses at the Azteca network as a result of higher support fees and license royalty expense incurred under the PLA, which started in the first quarter of 2022. This was partially offset by decreases in severance expense, salaries and wages, commissions and legal expenses, as well as higher station revenues as the station group launched new customers and grew the number of its operating stations. 
 
 Non-operating Corporate: Net loss from our Non-operating Corporate segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 28.9 million to 35.3 million from 64.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted EBITDA loss from our Non-operating Corporate segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 1.3 million to 16.7 million from 18.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA loss was driven by a decrease in bonus expense, legal expense, as well as the settlement expense for the Company's former CEO accrued in the prior period. This was partially offset by increased professional fees, additional severance expense in the current period related to the former Chief Legal Officer, and other compensation related items. 
 
 55 

Other and Eliminations: Net income from our Other and Eliminations segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 0.3 million to 2.7 million from 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted EBITDA from our Other segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 0.2 million to 4.0 million from 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA for our Other and Eliminations segment was primarily driven by our equity investment in HMN, as it produced lower income than in the prior year, which is generally attributable to the timing of project work. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA by segment is summarized as follows: 
 
 (in millions): Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase / (Decrease) Infrastructure 
 101.7 78.4 23.3 Life Sciences (25.4) (27.6) 2.2 Spectrum 4.5 6.9 (2.4) Non-Operating Corporate (16.7) (18.0) 1.3 Other and Eliminations 4.0 4.2 (0.2) Adjusted EBITDA 68.1 43.9 24.2 

Backlog 
 
 Projects in backlog consist of awarded contracts, letters of intent, notices to proceed, change orders, and purchase orders obtained. Backlog increases as contract commitments are obtained, decreases as revenues are recognized and increases or decreases to reflect modifications in the work to be performed under the contracts. Backlog is converted to sales in future periods as work is performed or projects are completed. Backlog can be significantly affected by the receipt or loss of individual contracts. 
 
 Infrastructure Segment 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, DBMG's backlog was 1,782.3 million, consisting of 1,536.3 million under contracts or purchase orders and 246.0 million under letters of intent or notices to proceed. Approximately 927.2 million, representing 52.0 of DBMG s backlog as of December 31, 2022, was attributable to five contracts, letters of intent, notices to proceed or purchase orders. If one or more of these projects terminate or reduce their scope, DBMG s backlog could decrease substantially. DBMG includes an additional 10.4 million in its backlog that is not included in the remaining unsatisfied performance obligations disclosed in Note 3. Revenue and Contracts in Process. This additional backlog includes commitments under master service agreements that are estimated amounts of work to be performed based on customer communications, historic performance and knowledge of our customers' intentions. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Short- and Long-Term Liquidity Considerations and Risks 
 
 Our Non-Operating Corporate segment consists of holding companies, and its liquidity needs are primarily for interest payments on its 2026 Senior Secured Notes, 2026 Convertible Notes and Revolving Credit Agreement, dividend payments on its Preferred Stock and recurring operational expenses. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 80.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash, compared to 45.5 million as of December 31, 2021. On a stand-alone basis, as of December 31, 2022, the Non-Operating Corporate segment had cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash, of 9.1 million compared to 22.0 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Our subsidiaries' principal liquidity requirements arise from cash used in operating activities, debt service, and capital expenditures, including purchases of steel construction equipment, over-the-air ("OTA") broadcast station equipment, development of back-office systems, operating costs and expenses, and income taxes. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 725.3 million of principal indebtedness on a consolidated basis compared to 630.8 million as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 94.5 million, which was primarily due to a 77.3 million increase in DBMG's Line of Credit to fund working capital requirements, partially offset by principal payments on outstanding debt and repayment of certain instruments. 
 
 On a stand-alone basis, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Non-Operating Corporate segment had indebtedness of 401.8 million and 390.0 million, respectively, an increase of 11.8 million, driven by an increase in the amount drawn under our Revolving Credit Agreement of 15.0 million, partially offset by the 3.2 million repayment of the 2022 Convertible Note upon maturity. As of December 31, 2022, our Non-Operating Corporate segment's stand-alone indebtedness consists of the 330.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Senior Secured Notes, 51.8 million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes, and 20.0 million aggregate principal amount drawn on its Revolving Credit Agreement. Our Non-Operating Corporate segment is required to make semi-annual interest payments on the 2026 Senior Secured Notes and 2026 Convertible Notes and quarterly interest payments on the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 
 56 

We are required to make dividend payments on our outstanding Preferred Stock on January 15 th , April 15 th , July 15 th , and October 15 th of each year. 
 
 Our Non-Operating Corporate segment received 17.6 million in tax sharing and 13.7 million in dividends from its Infrastructure segment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We have financed our growth and operations to date, and expect to finance our future growth and operations, through public offerings and private placements of debt and equity securities, credit facilities, vendor financing, capital lease financing and other financing arrangements, as well as cash generated from the operations of our subsidiaries. In the future, we may also choose to sell assets or certain investments to generate cash. 
 
 At this time, we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our liquidity requirements and fund our fixed obligations (such as debt service and lease commitments) and other cash needs for our operations for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements through a combination of available cash and distributions from our subsidiaries. The ability of INNOVATE s subsidiaries to make distributions to INNOVATE is subject to numerous factors, including restrictions contained in each subsidiary s financing agreements, availability of sufficient funds at each subsidiary and the approval of such payment by each subsidiary s board of directors, which must consider various factors, including general economic and business conditions, tax considerations, strategic plans, financial results and condition, expansion plans, any contractual, legal or regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends, and such other factors each subsidiary s board of directors considers relevant. Although the Company believes, to the extent needed, that it will be able to raise additional debt or equity capital, refinance indebtedness or preferred stock, enter into other financing arrangements or engage in asset sales and sales of certain investments sufficient to fund any cash needs that we are not able to satisfy with the funds on hand or expected to be provided by our subsidiaries, there can be no assurance that it will be able to do so on terms satisfactory to the Company, if at all. Such financing options, if pursued, may also ultimately have the effect of negatively impacting our liquidity profile and prospects over the long-term and dilute the holders of common stock. Our ability to sell assets and certain of our investments to meet our existing financing needs may also be limited by our existing financing instruments. In addition, the sale of assets or the Company s investments may also make the Company less attractive to potential investors or future financing partners. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Capital expenditures for the periods indicated are set forth in the table below (in millions): 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Infrastructure 
 16.5 18.3 Life Sciences 0.8 0.5 Spectrum 3.3 5.3 Non-operating Corporate 0.1 Total 20.7 24.1 
 
 Indebtedness 
 
 Non-Operating Corporate 
 
 2026 Senior Secured Notes 
 
 On February 1, 2021, our Non-Operating Corporate segment repaid the 2021 Senior Secured Notes and issued 330.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50 senior secured notes due February 1, 2026 (the "2026 Senior Secured Notes"). The 2026 Senior Secured Notes mature on February 1, 2026, and accrue interest at a rate of 8.50 per year, which interest is paid semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year. For additional information on the terms and conditions of the 2026 Senior Secured Notes, including guarantees, ranking and collateral, refer to Note 13. Debt Obligations to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 2026 Convertible Notes - Terms and Conditions 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 51.8 million 2026 Convertible Notes outstanding. The 2026 Convertible Notes were issued under a separate indenture dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and U.S. Bank, as trustee (the "Convertible Indenture"). The 2026 Convertible Notes mature on August 1, 2026 unless earlier converted, redeemed or purchased. The 2026 Convertible Notes accrue interest at a rate of 7.5 per year, which interest is paid semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year. For additional information on the terms and conditions of the 2026 Convertible Notes, including optional redemption, conversion rights guarantees, ranking and collateral, refer to Note 13. Debt Obligations to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 57 

Our debt contains customary events of default which could, subject to certain conditions, cause the 2026 Senior Secured Notes and the 2026 Convertible Notes to become immediately due and payable. 
 
 Revolving Credit Agreement 
 
 We have a revolving credit agreement with MSD PCOF Partners IX, LLC ("Revolving Credit Agreement"). The Revolving Credit Agreements has a maximum commitment of 20.0 million, all of which had been drawn as of December 31, 2022. The Revolving Credit Agreement has a maturity date of February 23, 2024 and accrues interest at a rate of 5.75 per year, which is paid quarterly. For additional information on the terms and conditions of the Revolving Credit Facility, including guarantees, ranking and collateral, refer to Note 13. Debt Obligations to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Infrastructure 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Infrastructure segment had an aggregate principal amount of outstanding debt of 243.0 million. On August 2, 2022, DBMG negotiated and finalized an amendment to its UMB Revolving Line which included a retrospective change to the terms of the Fixed Coverage Ratio, and an increase in the UMB Revolving Line commitment from 110.0 million to 135.0 million, among other things. Refer to Note 13. Debt Obligations to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on the Form 10-K for additional details regarding the indebtedness of our Infrastructure segment, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Life Sciences 
 
 On June 27, 2022, R2 Technologies issued a 0.5 million short-term 90-day 12.0 bridge financing loan with Lancer Capital, LLC ("Lancer"), a related party, an entity controlled by Avram A. Glazer, the Chairman of the INNOVATE's Board of Directors. On July 13, 2022, R2 Technologies entered into a note purchase agreement with Lancer. The note payable bears interest at 12.0 per annum and was funded in two tranches. The first tranche of 5.0 million closed on July 13, 2022, and included the settlement of a 0.5 million short-term 90-day 12.0 bridge financing loan made on June 27, 2022 by Lancer, and an additional 4.5 million in cash. The second tranche of 5.0 million closed on August 8, 2022. 
 
 On December 13, 2022, R2 Technologies closed on an additional 0.8 million 18.0 note with Lancer Capital, LLC. In addition, the maturity date on the existing 10.0 million note was amended to the earlier of March 31, 2023 or within five business days after the date on which R2 Technologies receives an aggregate 20.0 million from the consummation of a debt or equity financing. All other terms were substantially unchanged. Subsequent to year end, on February 15, 2023 and February 28, 2023, R2 Technologies closed on an additional 18 0.5 million and an additional 18 0.4 million note with Lancer, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Life Sciences segment has aggregate principal outstanding debt of 10.8 million. 
 
 Spectrum 
 
 On November 28, 2022, Broadcasting entered into a Sixth Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes, extending the maturity date of 52.2 million of its Senior Secured Notes from November 30, 2022, to December 30, 2022. The terms of the notes were otherwise substantially unchanged. 
 
 On December 30, 2022, Broadcasting entered into a Seventh Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes which, among other things, extended the maturity date of 52.2 million of its Senior Secured Notes, due December 30, 2022 to May 31, 2024. The 52.2 million of Senior Secured Notes consisted of 19.3 million of 8.5 Senior Secured Notes and 32.9 million of 10.5 Senior Secured Notes. The other terms of the 19.3 million 8.5 Senior Notes remained the same. At the time of the extension, HC2 Broadcasting had accrued interest and other fees 6.9 million. The interest rate on the 32.9 million 10.5 Senior Notes was increased to 11.45 and accrued interest and fees of 17.5 million were capitalized into the principal balance with the transaction accounted for as a debt modification event. The new effective interest rates on the notes range from 12.8 to 19.6 . All other terms were essentially the same. Total outstanding principal after the refinancing was 69.7 million and 6.9 million of accrued interest and fees remain accrued, with total exit fees of 7.6 million which were recorded as original issue discount with a corresponding liability reflected in Other Liabilities. Interest is capitalized and payable upon maturity of the principal. 
 
 Concurrently therewith and as part of the consideration for extending the 10.5 Senior Notes, HC2 Broadcasting amended warrants to purchase 145,825 shares of common stock of HC2 Broadcasting Holdings, Inc., or approximately 12 of diluted equity, held by the lenders of the 10.5 Senior Notes by extending the time to exercise such to the second half of 2026 and reducing the exercise price per share (i) from 140.00 to 0.01 in the case of the certain of the warrants and (ii) from 130.00 to 0.01 in the case of the remaining warrants. The change in the fair value of the warrants was recorded as original issue discount with a corresponding impact reflected in Noncontrolling interest of 3.1 million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Spectrum segment has aggregate principal outstanding debt of 69.7 million. 
 
 58 

Refer to Note 13. Debt Obligations to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details regarding the indebtedness of our Life Sciences and Spectrum segments. 
 
 Restrictive Covenants 
 
 The indenture governing the 2026 Senior Secured Notes dated February 1, 2021, by and among INNOVATE, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the "Secured Indenture"), contains certain affirmative and negative covenants limiting, among other things, the ability of the Company, and, in certain cases, the Company s subsidiaries, to incur additional indebtedness; create liens; engage in sale-leaseback transactions; pay dividends or make distributions in respect of capital stock; make certain restricted payments; sell assets; engage in transactions with affiliates; or consolidate or merge with, or sell substantially all of its assets to, another person. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. 
 
 The Company is also required to comply with certain financial maintenance covenants, which are similarly subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. These covenants include maintenance of (1) liquidity and (2) collateral coverage. 
 
 The maintenance of liquidity covenant provides that the Company will not permit the aggregate amount of (i) all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, (ii) amounts available for drawing under revolving credit facilities and undrawn letters of credit of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors and (iii) dividends, distributions or payments that are immediately available to be paid to the Company by any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to be less than the Company s obligation to pay interest on the 2026 Senior Secured Notes and all other Debt, including Convertible Preferred Stock mandatory cash dividends or any other mandatory cash pay Preferred Stock but excluding any obligation to pay interest on Convertible Preferred Stock or any other mandatory cash pay Preferred Stock which, in each case, may be paid by accretion or in-kind in accordance with its terms of the Company and its Subsidiary Guarantors for the next six months. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with this covenant. 
 
 The maintenance of collateral coverage provides that the certain subsidiaries' Collateral Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Secured Indenture as the ratio of (i) the Loan Collateral to (ii) Consolidated Secured Debt (each as defined therein)) calculated on a pro forma basis as of the last day of each fiscal quarter may not be less than 1.50 to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with this covenant. 
 
 The instruments governing the Company s Preferred Stock also limit the Company s and its subsidiaries ability to take certain actions, including, among other things, to incur additional indebtedness; issue additional Preferred Stock; engage in transactions with affiliates; and make certain restricted payments. These limitations are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. 
 
 The Company has conducted its operations in a manner that resulted in compliance with the Secured Indenture; however, compliance with certain financial covenants for future periods may depend on the Company or one or more of the Company s subsidiaries undertaking one or more non-operational transactions, such as the management of operating cash outflows, a monetization of assets, a debt incurrence or refinancing, the raising of equity capital, or similar transactions. If the Company is unable to remain in compliance and does not make alternate arrangements, an event of default would occur under the Company s Secured Indenture which, among other remedies, could result in the outstanding obligations under the indenture becoming immediately due and payable and permitting the exercise of remedies with respect to the collateral. There is no assurance the Company will be able to complete any non-operational transaction it may undertake to maintain compliance with covenants under the Secured Indenture or, even if the Company completes any such transaction, that it will be able to maintain compliance for any subsequent period. 
 
 The UMB Revolving Line associated with our Infrastructure segment contains customary restrictive and financial covenants related to debt levels and performance, including a Fixed Coverage Ratio covenant, as defined in the agreement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants of our debt agreements. 
 
 59 

Summary of Consolidated Cash Flows 
 
 The below table summarizes the cash provided by or used in our activities and the amount of the respective changes between the years (in millions): 
 December 31, Increase / (Decrease) 2022 2021 Cash used in continuing operating activities (9.5) (6.5) (3.0) Cash provided by discontinued operating activities 33.5 (33.5) Cash (used in) provided by operating activities (9.5) 27.0 (36.5) Cash used in continuing investing activities (22.5) (1.9) (20.6) Cash used in discontinued investing activities (221.3) 221.3 Cash used in investing activities (22.5) (223.2) 200.7 Cash provided by continuing financing activities 68.1 11.9 56.2 Cash used in discontinued financing activities (7.6) 7.6 Cash provided by financing activities 68.1 4.3 63.8 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1.4) (1.3) (0.1) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash classified within assets held for sale 34.7 (193.2) 227.9 Less: Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations (195.4) 195.4 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 34.7 2.2 32.5 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Cash used in continuing operating activities was 9.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 3.0 million increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily due to working capital changes (primarily from accounts receivable, contract assets, contract liabilities, accrued liabilities and accounts payable) at our Infrastructure segment. These fluctuations resulted from changes in revenue resulting from the timing and volume of work performed, variability in the timing of customer billings, management of collection of receivables and settlement of payables, primarily from the increased activity as a result of the acquisition of Banker Steel at the end of May 2021 and growth of the business. The net decrease from changes in operating assets and liabilities was significantly offset by a decrease in net loss from improved operations. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in continuing investing activities was 22.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 20.6 million. Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 20.7 million, or 18.7 million, net of disposals, as compared to 24.1 million, or 10.9 million, net of disposals for the year ended December 31, 2021, for a net increase in cash used in investing activities from PP E of 7.8 million, primarily as a result of unrepeated sales of non-core assets at our Spectrum segment in 2021. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, our Life Sciences segment paid 4.5 million to purchase an additional convertible note from MediBeacon, whereas during the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold Continental and Beyond6 for aggregate net proceeds and dividends received of 136.5 million and we paid 128.5 million for the acquisition of Banker Steel. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by continuing financing activities was 68.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 11.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 56.2 million. The increase was driven primarily by a net increase of 61.1 million in credit facility related activity. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 relates primarily to: our Infrastructure segment's increase on its revolving line of credit to fund working capital requirements on larger, more complex jobs, which provided 76.6 million in net proceeds, net of deferred financing charges; an increase on the Corporate credit facility of 15.0 million; and 10.8 million in proceeds from a short-term note at R2 from Lancer Capital; partially offset by: 28.3 million in principal payments on debt obligations; 5.2 million for payments for dividends; and 0.7 million for other financing activities. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to: the 2021 refinancing of the Infrastructure notes in conjunction with the acquisition of Banker Steel; financing activities at our Life Sciences segment related to the 10.0 million investment by Huadong into R2 in the first quarter of 2021; and cash received by subsidiary to purchase preferred stock of 10.5 million; which was partially offset by: cash paid for the redemption of preferred stock of 10.4 million; 13.5 million for payments to noncontrolling interests; 2.9 million in payments for dividends; and 1.3 million for other financing activities. 
 
 60 

Discontinued Operations 
 
 Cash from discontinued operations was zero for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to cash used by discontinued operations of 195.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 195.4 million decrease in cash used was primarily due to the 2021 sales of the Insurance segment and Beyond6, which did not have any activity in the current period. 

Infrastructure 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities are the principal source of cash used to fund DBMG s operating expenses, interest payments on debt, and capital expenditures. DBMG's short-term cash needs are primarily for working capital to support operations including receivables, inventories, and other costs incurred in performing its contracts. DBMG attempts to structure the payment arrangements under its contracts to match costs incurred under the project. To the extent it is able to bill in advance of costs incurred, DBMG generates working capital through billings in excess of costs and recognized earnings on uncompleted contracts. DBMG relies on its credit facilities to meet its working capital needs. DBMG believes that its existing borrowing availability together with cash from operations will be adequate to meet all funding requirements for its operating expenses, interest payments on debt and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. DBMG believes that its available funds, cash generated by operating activities and funds available under its bank credit facilities will be sufficient to fund its capital expenditures and its working capital needs. However, DBMG may expand its operations through future acquisitions and may require additional equity or debt financing. 
 
 DBMG is required to make monthly or quarterly interest payments on all of its debt. Based upon the December 31, 2022 debt balance, DBMG anticipates that its interest payments will be approximately 3.0 million each quarter of 2023. 
 
 Off- Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We may enter into certain off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business. Our off-balance sheet transactions may include, but are not limited to: leases that have not yet commenced, liabilities associated with non-cancelable operating leases with durations of less than twelve months, letter of credit obligations, surety, perfo rmance or payment bonds entered into in the normal course of business, and liabilities associated with multi-employer pension plans. Refer to Note 11. Leases, Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies and 16. Employee Retirement Plans to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on leases, letters of credit and performance and/or payment bonds, and multi-employer pension plans, respectively, which notes are incorporated herein by reference. 

Discontinued Operations 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, Beyond6 and CIG were reported in discontinued operations. Accordingly, revenue, costs, and expenses of the discontinued operations were excluded from continuing operations. Cash flows from discontinued operations are reported in the Statement of Cash Flows as a separate line item within the Operating, Investing and Financing activities sections for each year presented. Refer to Note 10. Discontinued Operations and Exit Activities to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on discontinued operations. In the absence of cash flows from the discontinued operations, the Company does not expect there to be an impact on liquidity at the Company. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For information on new accounting pronouncements refer to Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which note is incorporated herein by reference. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenue and expense amounts reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental disclosures including information about contingencies, risk and financial condition. 
 
 Critical accounting estimates are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties and potentially yield materially different results under different assumptions or conditions. Given current facts and circumstances, we believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, adhere to GAAP and are consistently applied. Our selection and disclosure of our critical accounting policies and estimates has been reviewed with our Audit Committee. Following is a review of the more significant assumptions and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For all of these estimates, we caution that future events rarely develop exactly as forecast, and the best estimates routinely require adjustment. Refer to Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which discusses our significant accounting policies and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 61 

Revenue Recognition - Estimated Costs to Complete 
 
 With respect to our Infrastructure segment (DBM Global Inc.), we recognize a significant portion of our revenue over time using the input method to measure the progress of costs incurred for our service and construction contracts. DBM Global Inc. performs its services primarily under fixed-price contracts and recognizes revenue over time using the input method to measure progress for its projects. The nature of the projects does not provide measurable value to the customer over time and control does not transfer to the customer at discrete points in time. The customer receives value over the term of the project based on the amount of work that has been completed towards the delivery of the completed project. The most reliable measure of progress is the cost incurred towards delivery of the completed project. Therefore, the input method provides the most reliable method to measure progress. Revenue recognition begins when work has commenced. Costs include all direct material and labor costs related to contract performance, subcontractor costs, indirect labor, and fabrication plant overhead costs, which are charged to contract costs as incurred. Revenues relating to changes in the scope of a contract are recognized when we and a customer or general contractor have agreed on both the scope and price of changes, the work has commenced, it is probable that the costs of the changes will be recovered and that realization of revenue exceeding the costs is assured beyond a reasonable doubt. Revisions in estimates during the course of contract work are reflected in the accounting period in which the facts requiring the revision become known. Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which a loss on a contract becomes determinable. 
 
 Convertible Instruments 
 
 We evaluate and account for conversion options embedded in convertible instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging Activities . Applicable U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") requires companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free standing derivative financial instruments according to certain criteria. The criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not remeasured at fair value under other GAAP with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. A key component of this analysis includes an calculation of fair value of the embedded derivative instrument, which is performed using inputs that require estimates that management believes are reasonable, such as the projected risk free and volatility rates. These estimates impacting fair value could materially differ if unanticipated events impacting inputs to the fair value such as the risk free or volatility rates unfold differently than anticipated. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates, exchange rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties under ASC No. 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). 
 
 We review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. Deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. These sources of income inherently rely heavily on estimates. To provide insight, we use our historical experience and our short and long-range business forecasts. We believe it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred income tax assets may expire unused and have established a valuation allowance against them. Although realization is not assured for the remaining deferred income tax assets, we believe it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will be fully recoverable within the applicable statutory expiration periods. However, deferred tax assets could be reduced in the near term if our estimates of taxable income are significantly reduced. 
 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of transactions and events. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the book basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. If necessary, deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to an amount that is determined to be more likely than not recoverable. We must make significant estimates and assumptions about future taxable income and future tax consequences when determining the amount of the valuation allowance. The additional guidance provided by ASC 740, clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements. Expected outcomes of current or anticipated tax examinations, refund claims and tax-related litigation and estimates regarding additional tax liability (including interest and penalties thereon) or refunds resulting therefrom will be recorded based on the guidance provided by ASC 740 to the extent applicable. 
 
 We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. These assessments of uncertain tax positions contain judgments related to the interpretation of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which we transact business. The judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits, expiration of statutes of limitations, as well as changes to, or further interpretations of, tax laws and regulations. 
 
 62 

In relation to tax effects for accumulated OCI, our policy is to release the tax effects of amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI to pre-tax income (loss) from continuing operations. Any remaining tax effect in accumulated OCI is released following a portfolio approach. 
 
 Refer to Note 14. Income Taxes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 The Company s acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Estimates of fair value included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, in conformity with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , represent the Company s best estimates and valuations developed, when needed, with the assistance of independent appraisers or, where such valuations have not yet been completed or are not available, industry data and trends and by reference to relevant market rates and transactions. Such estimates and assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies beyond the control of the Company. Accordingly, the Company cannot provide assurance that the estimates, assumptions, and values reflected in the valuations will be realized, and actual results could vary materially. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but, rather, are tested at least annually for impairment, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that more likely than not the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit represents an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a two-step quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. 
 
 We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flow analyses. The discounted estimates of future cash flows include significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital, and future economic and market conditions. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value, goodwill is considered impaired. The amount of the impairment is the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill and the "implied" fair value, which is calculated as if the reporting unit had just been acquired and accounted for as a business combination. 
 
 The estimates of future cash flows involve considerable management judgment and are based upon assumptions about expected future operating performance, economic conditions, market conditions, and cost of capital. Inherent in estimating the future cash flows are uncertainties beyond our control, such as capital markets. The actual cash flows could differ materially from management's estimates due to changes in business conditions, operating performance, and economic conditions. 
 
 Refer to Note 8. Goodwill and Intangibles, Net, to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on goodwill and intangible assets. 

Related Party Transactions 
 
 For a discussion of our Related Party Transactions, refer to Note 19. Related Parties to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains or incorporates a number of "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on current expectations, and are not strictly historical statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "if," "may," "should," "believe," "anticipate," "future," "forward," "potential," "estimate," "opportunity," "goal," "objective," "growth," "outcome," "could," "expect," "intend," "plan," "strategy," "provide," "commitment," "result," "seek," "pursue," "ongoing," "include" or in the negative of such terms or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements inherently involve certain risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of performance, results, or the creation of stockholder value, although they are based on our current plans or assessments which we believe to be reasonable as of the date hereof. 
 
 Factors that could cause actual results, events and developments to differ include, without limitation: the ability of our subsidiaries (including, target businesses following their acquisition) to generate sufficient net income and cash flows to make upstream cash distributions, capital market conditions, our and our subsidiaries ability to identify any suitable future acquisition opportunities, efficiencies/cost avoidance, cost savings, income and margins, growth, economies of scale, combined operations, future economic performance, conditions to, and the timetable for, completing the integration of financial reporting of acquired or target businesses with INNOVATE or the applicable subsidiary of INNOVATE, completing future acquisitions and dispositions, litigation, potential and contingent liabilities, management s plans, changes in regulations and taxes. 
 63 

We claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for all forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. You should understand that the following important factors, in addition to those discussed under the section entitled "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated herein by reference, could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. You should also understand that many factors described under one heading below may apply to more than one section in which we have grouped them for the purpose of this presentation. As a result, you should consider all of the following factors, together with all of the other information presented herein, in evaluating our business and that of our subsidiaries. 
 
 INNOVATE Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Our actual results or other outcomes may differ from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements contained herein due to a variety of important factors, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 our dependence on distributions from our subsidiaries to fund our operations and payments on our obligations; 
 the impact on our business and financial condition of our substantial indebtedness and the significant additional indebtedness and other financing obligations we may incur; 
 the impact of covenants in the Indenture governing INNOVATE s 2026 Senior Secured Notes, 2026 Convertible Notes, and Revolving Credit Agreement, the Certificates of Designation governing INNOVATE s Preferred Stock and all other subsidiary debt obligations as summarized in Note 13. Debt Obligations to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and future financing agreements on our ability to operate our business and finance our pursuit of acquisition opportunities; 
 the effect of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and related governmental responses on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 our possible inability to generate sufficient liquidity, margins, earnings per share, cash flow and working capital from our operating segments; 
 our dependence on certain key personnel; 
 our possible inability to hire and retain qualified executive management, sales, technical and other personnel; 
 the potential for, and our ability to, remediate future material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting; 
 the impact of recent supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and increases in overall price levels, including in transportation costs; 
 the impact of a higher interest rate environment; 
 the effects related to or resulting from Russia's military action in Ukraine, including the imposition of additional sanctions and export controls, as well as the broader impact to financial markets and the global macroeconomic and geopolitical environment; 
 increased competition in the markets in which our operating segments conduct their businesses; 
 limitations on our ability to successfully identify any strategic acquisitions or business opportunities and to compete for these opportunities with others who have greater resources; 
 our ability to effectively increase the size of our organization, if needed, and manage our growth 
 the impact of expending significant resources in considering acquisition targets or business opportunities that are not consummated; 
 our expectations and timing with respect to our ordinary course acquisition activity and whether such acquisitions are accretive or dilutive to stockholders; 
 the effect any interests our officers, directors, stockholders and their respective affiliates may have in certain transactions in which we are involved 
 uncertain global economic conditions in the markets in which our operating segments conduct their businesses; 
 the impact of catastrophic events, including natural disasters, pandemic illness and the outbreak of war, or acts of terrorism; 
 potential impacts on our business resulting from climate change, greenhouse gas regulations, and the impact of climate change-related changes in the frequency and severity of weather patterns; 
 the impact of additional material charges associated with our oversight of acquired or target businesses and the integration of our financial reporting; 
 tax consequences associated with our acquisition, holding and disposition of target companies and assets; 
 our ability to remain in compliance with the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange; 
 the ability of our operating segments to attract and retain customers; 
 our expectations regarding the timing, extent and effectiveness of our cost reduction initiatives and management s ability to moderate or control discretionary spending; 
 management s plans, goals, forecasts, expectations, guidance, objectives, strategies and timing for future operations, acquisitions, synergies, asset dispositions, fixed asset and goodwill impairment charges, tax and withholding expense, selling, general and administrative expenses, product plans, performance and results; 
 management s assessment of market factors and competitive developments, including pricing actions and regulatory rulings; 
 our expectations and timing with respect to any strategic dispositions and sales of our operating subsidiaries, or businesses, including the anticipated wind-down of our Network business by our Spectrum segment, that we may make in the future and the effect of any such dispositions or sales on our results of operations; 
 the possibility of indemnification claims arising out of divestitures of businesses; and 
 our possible inability to raise additional capital when needed or refinance our existing debt, on attractive terms, or at all. 
 64 

Infrastructure / DBM Global Inc. 
 
 Our actual results or other outcomes of DBMG, and, thus, our Infrastructure segment, may differ from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements contained herein due to a variety of important factors, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 adverse impacts from weather affecting DBMG s performance and timeliness of completion of projects, which could lead to increased costs and affect the quality, costs or availability of, or delivery schedule for, equipment, components, materials, labor or subcontractors; 
 our ability to maintain efficient staffing and productivity as well as delays and cancellations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 cost overruns on fixed-price or similar contracts or failure to receive timely or proper payments on cost-reimbursable contracts, whether as a result of improper estimates, performance, disputes, or otherwise; 
 uncertain timing and funding of new contract awards, as well as project cancellations; 
 potential impediments and limitations on our ability to complete ordinary course acquisitions in anticipated time frames or at all; 
 changes in the costs or availability of, or delivery schedule for, equipment, components, materials, labor or subcontractors; 
 the impact of inflationary pressures; 
 adverse outcomes of pending claims or litigation or the possibility of new claims or litigation, and the potential effect of such claims or litigation on DBMG s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow; 
 risks associated with labor productivity, including performance of subcontractors that DBMG hires to complete projects; 
 its ability to realize cost savings from expected performance of contracts, whether as a result of improper estimates, performance, or otherwise; 
 its ability to settle or negotiate unapproved change orders and claims; 
 fluctuating revenue resulting from a number of factors, including the cyclical nature of the individual markets in which our customers operate; 
 our possible inability to raise additional capital when needed or refinance our existing debt, on attractive terms, or at all; and 
 lack of necessary liquidity to provide bid, performance, advance payment and retention bonds, guarantees, or letters of credit securing DBMG s obligations under bids and contracts or to finance expenditures prior to the receipt of payment for the performance of contracts. 
 
 Life Sciences / Pansend Life Sciences, LLC 
 
 Our actual results or other outcomes of Pansend Life Sciences, LLC, and, thus, our Life Sciences segment, may differ from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements contained herein due to a variety of important factors, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 our Life Sciences segment s ability to invest in development stage companies; 
 our Life Sciences segment s ability to develop products and treatments related to its portfolio companies; 
 medical advances in healthcare and biotechnology; 
 governmental regulation in the healthcare industry: and 
 our Life Science's segment possible inability to raise additional capital when needed or refinance its existing debt, on attractive terms, or at all. 
 
 Spectrum / HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc. 
 
 Our actual results or other outcomes of Broadcasting, and, thus, our Spectrum segment, may differ from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements contained herein due to a variety of important factors, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 our Spectrum segment s ability to operate in highly competitive markets and maintain market share; 
 our Spectrum segment s ability to effectively implement its business strategy or be successful in the operation of its business; 
 our Spectrum's segment possible inability to raise additional capital when needed or refinance its existing debt, on attractive terms, or at all; 
 new and growing sources of competition in the broadcasting industry; and 
 FCC regulation of the television broadcasting industry. 
 
 We caution the reader that undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries undertake any duty or responsibility to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document or to reflect actual outcomes, except as required by applicable law. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 65 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The report of the independent registered public accounting firm and consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index are included in Item 15 of this report. Refer to the Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the "Exchange Act") as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Disclosure controls and procedures mean our controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of its financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of the inherent limitations in any internal control, no matter how well designed, misstatements may occur and not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, the evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting described below was made as of a specific date, and continued effectiveness in future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may decline. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on updated criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Auditor Attestation Report 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which is on page F-4 of this report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 

PART III 
 
 The information required by Part III will be provided in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders ("2023 Proxy Statement"), which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 66 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information regarding this item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Code of Conduct 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct applicable to all directors, officers and employees, including the Chief Executive Officer, senior financial officers and other persons performing similar functions. The Code of Conduct is a statement of business practices and principles of behavior that support our commitment to conducting business in accordance with the highest standards of business conduct and ethics. Our Code of Conduct covers, among other things, compliance resources, conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, rules and regulations, internal reporting of violations and accountability for adherence to the Code of Conduct. A copy of the Code of Conduct is available under the "Investor Relations-Corporate Governance" section of our website at www.innovatecorp.com . Any amendment of the Code of Conduct or any waiver of its provisions for a director or executive officer must be approved by the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof. We intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or the rules of the NYSE concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code of Conduct. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information regarding this item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information regarding this item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information regarding this item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 67 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) List of Documents Filed as Part of This Report: 
 
 1) Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they either are not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included. 
 
 (3) Exhibit Index 
 
 The following is a list of exhibits filed (including those incorporated by reference) or furnished as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Global Marine Holdings, LLC, dated as of November 30, 2017, by and among Global Marine Holdings, LLC and the Members party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 30, 2017) (File No. 001-35210). 
 2.2 Merger Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2018, by and among Janssen Biotech, Inc., Dogfish Merger Sub, Inc., Benevir Biopharm, Inc., and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, as holder representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2018) (File No. 001-35210). 
 2.3 Share Purchase Agreement dated January 30, 2020, by and among New Saxon 2019 Limited, Trafalgar Acquisition Co., Ltd. and Global Marine Holdings, Limited (solely for purposes of Section 2.04(a), Section 6.01, Section 6.02, Section 6.03, Section 6.07 and Article X) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 30, 2020) (File No. 001-35210). 
 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 30, 2020, by and among Beyond6, Inc., Greenfill Inc., Greenfill Merger, Inc., and INNOVATE C orp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. , solely in its capacity as the Stockholders Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 31, 2020) (File No. 001-35210) . 
 2.5 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 15, 2021 , by and among Beyond6, Inc., Greenfill Inc., Greenfill Merger, Inc., and INNOVATE Corp (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. , solely in its capacity as the Stockholders Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on January 19, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 2.6 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated March 12, 2021 by and among DBM Global Inc., Bridge Fabrication Banker Holdings LLC, The Banker Family Irrevocable Trust #3 U/A/D December 22, 2009, Chesley F. McPhatter, III, Richard Plant and Bridge Fabrication Banker Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on March 15, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 2.7 First Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated May 25, 2021 by and among DBM Global Inc., Bridge Fabrication Banker Holdings LLC, The Banker Family Irrevocable Trust #3 U/A/D December 22, 2009, Chesley F. McPhatter, III, Richard Plant and Bridge Fabrication Banker Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on May 27, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 2.8 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated March 26, 2021, by and among INNOVATE C orp 2 (f/k/a HC2 Holdings 2, Inc. , Continental Insurance Group, Ltd. and Continental General Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on March 29, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of INNOVATE Corp (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to INNOVATE s Form 8-A, filed on June 20, 2011) (File No. 001-35210). 
 
 68 

3.2 Certificate of Ownership and Merger Merging PTGI Name Change, Inc. into Primus Telecommunications Group, Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to INNOVATE s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 18, 2013) (File No. 001-35210). 
 3.3 Certificate of Ownership and Merger Merging HC2 Name Change, Inc. into PTGI Holding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to INNOVATE s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 11, 2014) (File No. 001-35210). 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to INNOVATE s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 18, 2014) (File No. 001-35210). 
 3.5 Certificate of Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of INNOVATE C orp . (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 10-K, filed on November 23, 2020 (File No. 001-35210). 
 3.6 Certificate of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of INNOVATE Corp . f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) , as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on August 18, 2021, with an effective date of September 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 3.7 Fourth Amended and Restated By-Laws of INNOVATE Corp (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 25, 2019) (File No. 001-35210). 
 3.8 Amendment #1 to Fourth Amended and Restated By-Laws of INNOVATE Corp., effective September 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 3.9 Certificate of Designations of Series B Preferred Stock, dated August 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021) (File No. 001-35210) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of November 20, 2018, by and among INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) , the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 21, 2018) (File No. 001-35210). 
 4.2 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Preferred Stock of DBM Global Intermediate Holdco Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on July 7, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 4.3 Secured Note dated October 24, 2019, by and among HC2 Station, HC2 LPTV, HC2 Broadcasting Inc. ("HC2 Broadcasting"), HC2 Network Inc. ("HC2 Network") (collectively the "Subsidiary Borrowers"), HC2 Broadcasting Intermediate Holdings Inc. ("HC2 Intermediate") (the "Intermediate Parent"), HC2 Broadcasting Holdings (the "Parent Borrower" and, together with the Intermediate Parent and the Subsidiary Borrowers, the "Borrowers"), and MSD PCOF Partners XVIII, LLC ("MSD") (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to INNOVATE 's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 16, 2020) (File No. 001-35210). 
 4.4 Amended and Restated Secured Note dated October 24, 2019, by and among HC2 Station, HC2 LPTV, HC2 Broadcasting, HC2 Network (collectively, the "Subsidiary Borrowers"), HC2 Intermediate (the "Intermediate Parent), HC2 Broadcasting Holdings (the "Parent Borrower" and, together with the Intermediate Parent and the Subsidiary Borrowers, the "Borrowers", Great American Life Insurance Company ("GALIC") and Great American Insurance Company ("GAIC"). (collectively, the "Subsidiary Borrowers"), HC2 Intermediate (the "Intermediate Parent), HC2 Broadcasting Holdings (the "Parent Borrower" and, together with the Intermediate Parent and the Subsidiary Borrowers, the "Borrowers", Great American Life Insurance Company ("GALIC") and Great American Insurance Company ("GAIC") (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to INNOVATE 's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 16, 2020) (File No. 001-35210). 
 4.5 First Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes and Intercreditor Agreement by and among Station Group, LPTV, Broadcasting, Network, and HC2 Broadcasting Inc., Intermediate Parent, Parent Borrower, and MSD PCOF Partners, XVIII, LLC ("MSD"), GALIC and GAIC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to INNOVATE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 11, 2020) (File No. 001-35210) 
 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture dated August 19, 2020, between INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of INNOVATE 's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 9, 2020) (File No. 001-35210). 
 4.7 Indenture governing the 8.500 senior secured notes due 2026, dated as of February 1, 2021, by and among INNOVATE Corp. f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. , the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on February 1, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 4.8 Form of 8.500 senior secured notes due 2026 (included in exhibit 4.1) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on February 1, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 4.9 Indenture governing the 7.5 convertible senior notes due 2026, dated as of February 1, 2021, by and between INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on February 1, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 
 69 

4.10 Form of 7.5 convertible senior notes due 2026 (included in exhibit 4.3) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by I N NOVATE on February 1, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 4.11 Certificate of Designation of Series A-3 Convertible Participating Preferred Stock of INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on July 7, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 4.12 Certificate of Designation of Series A-4 Convertible Participating Preferred Stock of INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on July 7, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 4.13 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, dated August 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021) (File No. 001-35210) 
 4.14 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2022) (File No. 001-35210) 
 4.15 Agreement Re: Secured Notes, dated January 22, 2019, by and among HC2 Station, HC2 LPTV and the Institutional Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 23, 2019) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.1 INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings Inc.) 2014 Omnibus Equity Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to INNOVATE s Definitive Proxy Statement, filed on April 30, 2014) (File No. 001-35210) 
 10.2 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on INNOVATE s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 22, 2014) (File No. 001-35210) 
 10.3 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on INNOVATE s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 22, 2014) (File No. 001-35210) 
 10.4 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of November 25, 2020, by and between INNOVATE Corp (f / k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. and Wayne Barr, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 30, 2020) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.5 Employment Agreement dated as of March 1, 2015, by and between INNOVATE Corp (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) and Suzi R. Herbst (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 4 to INNOVATE 's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 9, 2017) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.6 Employment Agreement dated as of September 11, 2017, by and between INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) and Joseph Ferraro (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to INNOVATE 's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 8, 2017) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.7 Employment Agreement, dated May 20, 2015, by and between INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) and Michael Sena (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on INNOVATE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 10, 2015) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.8 Form of Employee Nonqualified Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 on INNOVATE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 9, 2016) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.9 Revised Form of Indemnification Agreement of INNOVATE Corp . (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on INNOVATE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 9, 2016) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.10 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 14, 2017) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.11 INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Equity Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the INNOVATE Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 26, 2017) (File No. 001-35210) 
 10.12 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of June 27, 2017 among DTV Holding Inc., John N. Kyle II, Kristina C. Bruni, King Forward, Inc., Equity Trust Co FBO John N. Kyle, Tiger Eye Licensing L.L.C., Bella Spectra Corporation, Kim Ann Dagen and Michael S. Dagen, Trustees of the Kim Ann Dagen Revocable Living Trust Agreement dated March 2, 1999, Madison Avenue Ventures, LLC, Paul Donner, Reeves Callaway, Don Shalhub, Shalhub Medical Investments PA, Tipi Sha, LLC, Luis O. Suau, Irwin Podhajser and Humberto Garriga (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 28, 2017) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.13 Investor Rights Agreement dated as of June 27, 2017 between DTV Holding Inc., DTV America Corporation and other signatories party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 28, 2017) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.14 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 27, 2017 among DTV Holding Inc., King Forward, Inc., Tiger Eye Broadcasting Corporation, Tiger Eye Licensing L.L.C. and Bella Spectra Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 28, 2017) (File No. 001-35210). 
 
 70 

10.15 INNOVATE Corp (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) Second Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Equity Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to INNOVATE's Definitive Proxy Statement, filed on April 30, 2018) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.16 Second Amended Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Pansend Life Sciences, LLC, dated as of September 20, 2017, by and among INNOVATE C orp 2 (f/k/a HC2 Holdings 2, Inc. , David Present and Cherine Plumaker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2018) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.17 Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between DBM Global Inc. and DBM Global Intermediate Holdco Inc., dated November 30, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 4, 2018) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.18 Ninth Amended and Restated Agreement Re: Secured Notes dated October 24, 2019, among HC2 Station, HC2 LPTV, HC2 Network, HC2 Broadcasting, GALIC, GAIC and MSD (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to INNOVATE 's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 16, 2020) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.19 Investment Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2020, by and between INNOVATE Corp (f/ k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. and Lancer Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 9, 2020 (File No. 021-35210). 
 10.20 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between INNOVATE Corp (f/k /a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) and Lancer Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 (included in Exhibit 10.1) on INNOVATE 's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 9, 2020 (File No. 021-35210). 
 10.21 Third Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes and Second Amendment to Intercreditor Agreement by and among Station Group, LPTV, Broadcasting, Network, and HC2 Broadcasting Inc., Intermediate Parent, Parent Borrower, and MSD PCOF Partners, XVIII, LLC ("MSD"), GALIC and GAIC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on INNOVATE 's Current Report on Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2020) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.22 Credit Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2021, by and among DBM Global Inc., the other Borrowers listed on Schedule 1.1 thereto, the Lenders, which are party thereto from time to time and UMB Bank, n.a., a national banking association, as Letter of Credit Issuer and as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on May 27, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) , 
 10.23 INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.) Preferred Support Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, by and among INNOVATE Corp. , Continental General Insurance Company and Continental General Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on July 1, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 10.24 DBM Common Support Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, by and among INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. , Continental General Insurance Company and Continental General Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on July 1, 2021 (File No. 021-35210) , 
 10.25 Form of Exchange Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, by and among INNOVATE Corp. (f/ k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on July 7, 2021) (File No. 021-35210) 
 10.26 Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2015, by and among INNOVATE Corp f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. , the initial purchasers of the Series A Preferred Stock, the initial purchasers of the Series A Preferred Stock and the purchasers of the Series A-2 Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on INNOVATE's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 9, 2015) (File No. 001-35210. 
 10.27 Letter Agreement dated March 26, 2021 by and between INNOVATE Corp (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc. and Continental General Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by INNOVATE's on August 6, 2021) (File No. 021-35210). 
 10.28 Fifth Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes, Consent and Second Amendment to Asset Sale Under Secured Notes and Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2021 by and among HC2 Station Group, Inc., HC2 LPTV Holdings, Inc., HC2 Broadcasting Inc., HC2 Network Inc., HC2 Broadcasting License Inc., HC2 Broadcasting Intermediate Holdings Inc., HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc., MSD PCOF Partners XVIII, LLC, Great American Life Insurance Company and Great American Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on October 27, 2021) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.29 Executive Severance Guidelines (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE o n October 27, 2021) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.30 Second Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes dated as of August 31, 2020, by and among Station Group, LPTV, Broadcasting, Network, and HC2 Broadcasting Inc., Intermediate Parent, Parent Borrower, and MSD PCOF Partners, XVIII, LLC ("MSD"), GALIC and GAIC incorporated by reference to Exhibi t 10.33 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2022) (File No. 001-352 10). . 
 10.31 Fourth Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes and Third Amendment to Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of November 25, 2020, by and among Station Group, LPTV, Broadcasting, Network, and HC2 Broadcasting Inc., Intermediate Parent, Parent Borrower, and MSD PCOF Partners, XVIII, LLC ("MSD"), GALIC and GAIC incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2022) (File No. 001-35210) , 
 
 71 

10.32 2019 INNOVATE Corp. Executive Bonus Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to th e Annual Report on Form 10-k f iled on March 9, 2022) (File No. 001-35210) ). 
 10.33 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Annual Report on Form 10 -K filed on March 9, 2022) (File No. 001-35210) . 
 10.34 Form of Stock Option Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2022) (File No. 001-35210 ). 
 10.35 Form of Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2022) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.36 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of August 2, 2022, among DBM Global Inc. and the Other Borrowers, the Lenders, U MB Bank, as Administrative Agent and BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Syndication Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2 , 2022) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.37 S eparation and Release Agreement by and between INNOVA TE Corp. and Joseph A. Ferraro dated September 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 16, 2022) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.38 Senior Secured Promissory Note dated as of July 13, 2022 by and between R2 Technologies, Inc. and Lancer Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q , filed on November 2 , 2022) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.39 S enior Secured Promissory Note dated as of August 8, 2022 by and between R2 Technologies, Inc. and Lancer Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q , filed on November 2 , 2022) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.40 Sixth Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes, dated as of November 28, 2022 , by and among HC2 Station Group, Inc., HC2 LPTV Holdings, Inc., HC2 Broadcasting Inc., HC2 Network Inc., HC2 Broadcasting License Inc. , DTV America Corporation , HC2 Broadcasting Intermediate Holdings Inc., HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc., MSD PCOF Partners XVIII, LLC, MassMutual Ascent Life Insurance Company and Great American Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on November 29, 2022 (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.41 Letter Agreement with Continental General Insurance Company dated December 30, 2022 (inco rporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on January 5, 2023) (File No. 001-35210) 
 10.42 Seventh Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes, dated as of December 30, 2022, by and among HC2 Station Group, Inc., HC2 Broadcasting Inc., HC2 Network Inc., HC2 Broadcasting License Inc., DTV America Corporation, HC2 Broadcasting Intermediate Holdings Inc., HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc., MSD PCOF Partners XVIII, LLC, MassMutual Ascent Life Insurance Company and Great American Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on January 5, 2023) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.43 M utual Release and Termination Agreement dated as of December 31, 2022, by and among Azteca International Corporation and TV Azteca, S.A.B. de C.V. , HC2 Network, Inc. and TV Azteca , S.A.B. de C. V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by INNOVATE on January 5, 2023) (File No. 001-35210). 
 10.44 Senior Secured Promissory Note dated as of December 13, 2022 by and between R2 Technologies, Inc. and Lancer Capital LLC (filed herewith) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of INNOVATE (filed herewith). 
 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm (filed herewith). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (furnished herewith). 
 101 The following materials from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, formatted in extensible business reporting language (XBRL); (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (filed herewith). 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 
 
 72 

These certifications are being "furnished" and will not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 73 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 INNOVATE Corp. 
 By: /S/ WAYNE BARR, JR. Wayne Barr, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 14, 2023 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each of the officers and directors of INNOVATE Corp., whose signature appears below, in so signing, also makes, constitutes and appoints each of Wayne Barr, Jr. and Michael J. Sena, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with full power and substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to execute and cause to be filed with the SEC any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, with exhibits thereto and other documents connected therewith and to perform any acts necessary to be done in order to file such documents, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated as of March 14, 2023. 
 Signature Title /S/ WAYNE BARR, JR. President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director Wayne Barr, Jr. /S/ MICHAEL J. SENA Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Michael J. Sena /S/ AVRAM A. GLAZER Director Avram A. Glazer /S/ WARREN H. GFELLER Director Warren H. Gfeller /S/ BRIAN S. GOLDSTEIN Director Brian S. Goldstein /S/ AMY WILKINSON Director Amy Wilkinson 
 
 74 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , ; PCAOB ID# 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 (1) Organization and Business 
 F- 10 
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 F- 10 
 (3) Revenue and Contracts in Process 
 F- 17 
 (4) Accounts Receivable, Net 
 F- 23 
 (5) Inventory 
 F- 23 
 (6) Investments 
 F- 23 
 (7) Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 
 F- 24 
 (8) Goodwill and Intangibles, Net 
 F- 25 
 (9) Acquisitions 
 F- 26 
 (10) Discontinued Operations 
 F- 28 
 (11) Leases 
 F- 30 
 (12) Other Assets, Accrued Liabilities and Other Liabilities 
 F- 32 
 (13) Debt Obligations 
 F- 33 
 (14) Income Taxes 
 F- 38 
 (1 5 Commitments and Contingencies 
 F- 40 
 (1 6 Employee Retirement Plans 
 F- 43 
 (17) Share-Based Compensation 
 F- 44 
 (18) Temporary Equity and Equity 
 F- 45 
 (19) Related Parties 
 F- 50 
 (20) Operating Segments and Related Information 
 F- 51 
 (21) Basic and Diluted Loss Per Common Share 
 F- 52 
 (2 2 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 F- 53 
 (2 3 Supplementary Financial Information 
 F- 54 
 (24) Subsequent Events 
 F- 55 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 INNOVATE Corp. 
 New York, NY 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of INNOVATE Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated March 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Estimated Costs to Complete for a Certain Segment 
 
 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, with respect to the Company's Infrastructure segment DBMG ), the Company recognizes a significant portion of its revenue over time using the input method to measure progress for its service and construction contracts based on the costs incurred towards delivery to complete projects. The estimate of costs to complete these projects is based on direct materials and labor costs related to contract performance, subcontractor costs, indirect labor, and fabrication plant overhead costs. Changes in the scope of the contract and price changes, the timing of when work has commenced, and probability that cost changes will be recovered are among the factors that influence the estimate of progress for measuring service and construction contracts. 
 
 F-2 

We identified estimated costs to complete on specific revenue contracts at DBMG as a critical audit matter. The determination of the total estimated costs to complete requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions regarding direct materials and labor, subcontract costs, indirect labor, and fabrication plant overhead costs. Changes in the estimates of these costs can have a significant impact on the revenue recognized each period. Auditing these elements involved especially challenging auditor judgment in evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumptions and estimates over the duration of these contracts. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the operating effectiveness of internal controls related to revenue recognition at DBMG, specifically controls over the formation and tracking of estimated costs to complete. 
 
 Assessing the reasonableness of the estimated costs to complete for specific open projects through: (i) evaluating the reasonableness of project budgets and the nature of costs required to complete open projects, (ii) assessing the status of completion of respective projects through testing of a sample of project costs incurred to date, (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of project status by performing inquiries of project managers and assessing the nature of activities required to complete open projects, and (iv) performing retrospective review for open projects and investigating budget to actual variances. 
 
 Assessing the reasonableness of changes in estimated costs to complete for specific projects during quarterly reviews and at year end and investigating reasons for changes in expected costs and project margins. 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of project budgets for specific projects during the year through a retrospective review against actual performance. 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2011. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 New York, NY 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 F-3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 INNOVATE Corp. 
 New York, NY 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited INNOVATE Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes and our report dated March 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 New York, NY 
 March 14, 2023 
 F-4 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Other operating loss Income (loss) from operations ) Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Loss from equity investees ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) Loss from discontinued operations (including net loss on disposal of million for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 ) Net loss ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest Net loss attributable to INNOVATE Corp. ) ) Less: Preferred dividends and deemed dividends from conversions Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Loss per common share - continuing operations - basic and diluted Loss per common share - discontinued operations - basic and diluted Loss per share - basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in millions) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) Dispositions, net of tax ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to INNOVATE Corp. ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except share amounts) 

 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Inventory Restricted cash Assets held for sale Other current assets Total current assets Investments Deferred tax asset Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangibles, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities, temporary equity and stockholders deficit Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of debt obligations Contract liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred tax liability Debt obligations Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Temporary equity Preferred stock Redeemable noncontrolling interest Total temporary equity Stockholders deficit Common stock, par value 
 Shares authorized: as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Shares issued: and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Shares outstanding: and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost: and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total INNOVATE Corp. stockholders deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities, temporary equity and stockholders deficit 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (in millions) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (a) Total INNOVATE Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Non- controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Temporary Equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Share-based compensation Fair value adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interest Taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for share-based compensation ) ) ) Preferred stock dividend ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Issuance of preferred stock Issuance of redeemable controlling interest Purchase of preferred stock by subsidiary ) ) ) Redemption of preferred shares ) Transactions with noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Fair value adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for share-based compensation ) ) ) Stock dividends ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Spectrum warrant modification Issuance of preferred stock for dividend ) ) ) Transactions with noncontrolling interests ) Other Net (loss) income ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Less: Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash (used in) provided by continuing operating activities Share-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization (including amounts in cost of revenue) Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount Loss on debt extinguishment Loss from equity investees Asset impairment expense Deferred income taxes Other operating activities, net ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Contract assets ) ) Other current assets ) ) Inventory ) ) Other assets Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) Contract liabilities Other current liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) Cash used in continuing operating activities ) ) Cash provided by discontinued operating activities Cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment Loan to equity method investee ) Cash received from dispositions, net of cash disposed Extraordinary dividend received in business disposition Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Other investing activities Cash used in continuing investing activities ) ) Cash used in discontinued investing activities ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from debt obligations, net of deferred financing costs Principal payments on debt obligations ) ) Proceeds from line of credit, net of deferred financing costs Payments on line of credit ) ) Redemption of preferred stock ) Cash received by subsidiary to issue preferred stock Transactions with noncontrolling interests ) Dividend payments ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Cash provided by continuing financing activities Cash used in discontinued financing activities ) Cash provided by financing activities Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash classified within assets held for sale ) Less: Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

reportable segments, plus our Other segment, based on management s organization of the enterprise: Infrastructure, Life Sciences, Spectrum, and Other which includes businesses that do not meet the separately reportable segment thresholds. 
 
 1. Our Infrastructure segment is comprised of DBM Global Inc. ("DBMG") and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. DBMG is a fully integrated industrial construction, structural steel and facility maintenance provider that provides fabrication and erection of structural steel and heavy steel plate services and also fabricates trusses and girders and specializes in the fabrication and erection of large-diameter water pipe and water storage tanks, as well as 3-D Building Information Modeling BIM and detailing. DBMG provides these services on commercial, industrial, and infrastructure construction projects such as high- and low-rise buildings and office complexes, hotels and casinos, convention centers, sports arenas and stadiums, shopping malls, hospitals, dams, bridges, mines, metal processing, refineries, pulp and paper mills and power plants. Through GrayWolf Industrial Inc. ("GrayWolf"), DBMG provides integrated solutions for digital engineering, modeling and detailing, construction, heavy equipment installation and facility services including maintenance, repair, and installation to a diverse range of end markets. Through Aitken Manufacturing, Inc., DBMG manufactures pollution control scrubbers, tunnel liners, pressure vessels, strainers, filters, separators and a variety of customized products. Through Banker Steel Holdco, LLC ("Banker Steel"), DBMG provides full-service fabricated structural steel and erection services primarily for the East Coast and Southeast commercial and industrial construction market, in addition to full design-assist services. The Company maintains an approximately controlling interest in DBMG. 
 
 2. Our Life Sciences segment is comprised of Pansend Life Sciences, LLC ("Pansend"), its subsidiaries and equity method investments. Pansend maintains controlling interests of approximately in Genovel Orthopedics, Inc. ("Genovel"), which seeks to develop products to treat early osteoarthritis of the knee and approximately in R2 Technologies, Inc. ("R2"), which develops aesthetic and medical technologies for the skin. Pansend also invests in other early stage or developmental stage healthcare companies including an approximately interest in MediBeacon Inc. ("MediBeacon"), a medical technology company specializing in the advances of fluorescent tracer agents and transdermal measurement, potentially enabling real-time, direct monitoring of kidney function, and an approximately interest in Triple Ring Technologies, Inc. ("Triple Ring"), a science and technology co-development company. 
 
 3. Our Spectrum segment is comprised of HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc. ("Broadcasting") and its subsidiaries. Broadcasting strategically acquired and operates over-the-air broadcasting stations across the United States. In addition, Broadcasting, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, HC2 Network Inc. ("Network"), operates Azteca America, a Spanish-language broadcast network offering high quality Hispanic content to a diverse demographic across the United States. The Company maintains a controlling interest in Broadcasting and maintains a controlling interest of approximately , inclusive of approximately proxy and voting rights from minority holders of DTV America Corporation ("DTV"). On a fully diluted basis, the Company would have an approximately controlling interest in Broadcasting. 
 
 4. Our Other segment represents all other businesses or investments that do not meet the definition of a segment individually or in the aggregate. Included in the Other segment is the former Marine Services segment, which includes its holding company, Global Marine Holdings, LLC ("GMH"), in which the Company maintains approximately controlling interest. GMH results include the current and prior year equity investment in HMN International Co., Ltd., formerly known as Huawei Marine Networks Co. HMN ), its equity method investment, and the discontinued operations of Global Marine Systems Limited ("GMSL"). Also included in the Other segment is the discontinued operations of Beyond6, Inc. ("Beyond6"), and Continental Insurance Group ("CIG"). 

F-10 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

F-11 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

interest in MediBeacon and an approximately interest in Triple Ring. This presumption may be overcome based on specific facts and circumstances that demonstrate that the ability to exercise significant influence is restricted, such as with our equity method investment in HMN, as we continue to maintain a seat on the entity's board of directors and can exert significant influence. The Company applies the equity method to investments in common stock and to other investments when such other investments possess substantially identical subordinated interests to common stock. In applying the equity method, the Company records the investment at cost and subsequently increases or decreases the carrying amount of the investment by its proportionate share of the net earnings or losses in (Loss) income from equity investees and other comprehensive income (loss) of the investee. The Company records dividends or other equity distributions as reductions in the carrying value of the investment. In the event that net losses of the investee reduce the carrying amount to zero, additional net losses may be recorded if other investments in the investee are at-risk, even if the Company has not committed to provide financial support to the investee. Such additional equity method losses, if any, are based upon the change in the Company's claim on the investee s book value. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded bad debt expense of million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-12 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

years. 
 
 Depreciation is determined on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from to years for buildings and leasehold improvements, to years for equipment, furniture and fixtures, and to years for transportation equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lives of the leases or estimated useful lives of the assets, whichever is shorter. Assets under construction are not depreciated until they are complete and available for use. 
 
 When assets are sold or otherwise retired, the costs and accumulated amortization and depreciation are removed from the books and the resulting gain or loss is included in operating results. Property, plant and equipment that have been included as part of the assets held for sale are no longer amortized or depreciated from the time that they are classified as such. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of its property, plant and equipment based upon the estimated cash flows to be generated by the related assets. If an impairment is indicated, a loss is recognized. 
 
 F-13 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

F-14 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

F-15 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

in the Black-Scholes option valuation model as it does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Share-based compensation is recorded net of actual forfeitures. 

F-16 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million Series A Preferred Stock (Refer to Note 18. Temporary Equity and Equity) and INNOVATE's million line of credit agreement (Refer to Note 13. Debt Obligations) that reference LIBOR. DBMGi's Series A Preferred Stock and INNOVATE's line of credit agreement that reference LIBOR contain customary LIBOR replacement language, including, but not limited to, the use of replacement rates based on the secured overnight financing rate, and consequently these ASUs are not expected to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

Refer to Note 24. Subsequent Events for any subsequent events. 

F-17 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

F-18 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Life Sciences Spectrum Total revenue 
 
 Life Sciences Spectrum Total accounts receivables with customers 
 
 Infrastructure Segment 
 
 DBMG performs its services primarily under fixed-price contracts and recognizes revenue over time using the input method to measure progress for its projects. The nature of the projects does not provide measurable value to the customer over time and control does not transfer to the customer at discrete points in time. The customer receives value over the term of the project based on the amount of work that has been completed towards the delivery of the completed project. The most reliable measure of progress is the cost incurred towards delivery of the completed project. Therefore, the input method provides the most reliable method to measure progress. Revenue recognition begins when work has commenced. Costs include all direct material and labor costs related to contract performance, subcontractor costs, indirect labor, and fabrication plant overhead costs, which are charged to contract costs as incurred. Revenues relating to changes in the scope of a contract are recognized when DBMG and customer or general contractor have agreed on both the scope and price of changes, the work has commenced, it is probable that the costs of the changes will be recovered and that realization of revenue exceeding the costs is assured beyond a reasonable doubt. Revisions in estimates during the course of contract work are reflected in the accounting period in which the facts requiring the revision become known. Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period a loss on a contract becomes determinable. 
 
 Payment Terms 
 
 The timing of customer billings is generally dependent upon advance billing terms, milestone billings based on completion of certain phases of work, or when services are provided. Under the typical payment terms of master and other service agreements and fixed price contracts, the customer makes progress payments based on quantifiable measures of performance by the Company as defined by each specific agreement. Progress payments, generally net of amounts retained, are paid by the customer over the duration of the contract. Amounts billed and due from customers, as well as the amount of contract assets, are generally classified within current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 4. Accounts Receivable, Net and Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities for related discussion. Amounts expected to be collected beyond one year are classified as other long-term assets. 
 
 F-19 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

. Disaggregation of the Infrastructure segment, by market or type of customer, is used to evaluate its financial performance. 
 
 Industrial Healthcare Convention Transportation Leisure Government Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Other revenue Total Infrastructure segment revenue 
 
 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 
 The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Contract assets include unbilled amounts from our long-term construction projects when revenue recognized under the cost-to-cost measure of progress exceed the amounts invoiced to our customers, as the amounts cannot be billed under the terms of our contracts. Such amounts are recoverable from our customers based upon various measures of performance, including achievement of certain milestones, completion of specified units or completion of a contract. In addition, many of our time and materials arrangements, as well as our contracts to perform turnaround services within the United States industrial services segment, are billed in arrears pursuant to contract terms that are standard within the industry, resulting in contract assets and/or unbilled receivables being recorded, as revenue is recognized in advance of billings. Also included in contract assets are amounts we seek or will seek to collect from customers or others for errors or changes in contract specifications or design, contract change orders or modifications in dispute or unapproved as to both scope and/or price or other customer-related causes of unanticipated additional contract costs (claims and unapproved change orders). Our contract assets do not include capitalized costs to obtain and fulfill a contract. 
 
 Contract liabilities from our long-term construction contracts occur when amounts invoiced to our customers exceed revenues recognized. Contract liabilities additionally include advanced payments from our customers on certain contracts. Contract liabilities decrease as we recognize revenue from the satisfaction of the related performance obligation. 
 
 The Company classifies contract assets and liabilities that may be settled beyond one year from the balance sheet date as current, consistent with the length of time of the Company s project operating cycle. 
 
 Retainage receivable represents amounts invoiced to customers where payments have been partially withheld (usually less than pending the completion of certain milestones, satisfaction of other contractual conditions or the completion of the project. Retainage agreements vary from project to project and balances could be outstanding for several months or years depending on a number of circumstances, such as contract-specific terms, project performance and other variables that may arise as the Company makes progress toward completion. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total retainage receivable was million and million, respectively, and the amount of retainage receivable estimated by management to be collected beyond one year is approximately and of the balance, respectively. 
 
 F-20 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Estimated earnings Contract revenue earned on uncompleted contracts Less: progress billings The above is included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets under the following line items: Contract assets Contract liabilities ) ) 

Conditional retainage Contract assets Billings in excess of costs ) ) Conditional retainage Contract liabilities ) ) 
 
 The change in contract assets is a result of the recording of million of contract assets driven by new commercial projects, offset by million of contract assets transferred to receivables from contract assets recognized at the beginning of the period. 
 
 The change in contract liabilities is a result of periodic contract liabilities of million driven largely by new commercial projects, offset by revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period in the amount of million. 
 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Unsatisfied Performance Obligations 
 
 Industrial Transportation Government Leisure Healthcare Convention Other Remaining unsatisfied performance obligations 
 
 DBMG's remaining unsatisfied performance obligations increase with awards of new contracts and decrease as it performs work and recognizes revenue on existing contracts. DBMG includes a project within its remaining unsatisfied performance obligations at such time the project is awarded and agreement on contract terms has been reached. DBMG's remaining unsatisfied performance obligations include amounts related to contracts for which a fixed price contract value is not assigned when a reasonable estimate of total transaction price can be made. DBMG expects to recognize this revenue approximately within the next years. 
 
 F-21 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Total Life Sciences segment revenue 
 
 Spectrum Segment 
 
 Network advertising revenue is generated primarily from the sale of television airtime for programs or advertisements. Network advertising revenue is recognized when the program or advertisement is broadcast. Revenues are reported net of agency commissions, which are calculated as a stated percentage applied to gross billings. The Network advertising contracts are generally short-term in nature. 
 
 Network distribution revenue consists of payments received from cable, satellite and other multiple video program distribution systems for their retransmission of our network content. Network distribution revenue is recognized as earned over the life of the retransmission consent contract and varies from month to month. Variable fees are usage/sales based, calculated on the average number of subscribers, and recognized as revenue when the usage occurs. Transaction prices are based on the contract terms, with no material judgments or estimates. 
 
 Broadcast station revenue is generated primarily from the sale of television airtime in return for a fixed fee or a portion of the related ad sales recognized by the third party. In a typical broadcast station revenue agreement, the licensee of a station makes available, for a fee, airtime on its station to a party which supplies content to be broadcast during that airtime and collects revenue from advertising aired during such content. Broadcast station revenue is recognized over the life of the contract, when the program is broadcast. The fees that we charge can be fixed or variable and the contracts that the Company enters into are generally short-term in nature. Variable fees are usage/sales-based and recognized as revenue when the subsequent usage occurs. Transaction prices are based on the contract terms, with no material judgments or estimates. 
 
 Payment Terms 
 
 We have an unconditional right to receive payment of the amount billed generally within 30 days of the invoice date. Payment terms are expressly stated in our standard terms and conditions. The invoiced amount to be received is recorded in Accounts Receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 F-22 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Network advertising Network distribution Other Total Spectrum segment revenue 
 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Unsatisfied Performance Obligations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the transaction price allocated to remaining unsatisfied performance obligations consisted of million of broadcast station revenues of which million is expected to be recognized within and million is expected to be recognized within the next years. With the shut-down of HC2 Network as of December 31, 2022, the company no longer has any unsatisfied performance obligations related to network advertising or network distribution. 

Unbilled retentions Trade receivables Other receivables Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total 

Work in process Finished goods Total inventory 

Preferred stock and fixed maturities Put option Investment in securities Total 
 
 F-23 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Preferred stock and fixed maturities Put option Investment in securities Total 
 (1) The Company accounts for its equity securities without readily determinable fair values under the measurement alternative election of ASC 321, whereby the Company can elect to measure an equity security without a readily determinable fair value, that does not qualify for the practical expedient to estimate fair value (net asset value), at its cost minus impairment, if any . 
 
 Pansend accounts for MediBeacon's preferred stock as an equity method investment, inclusive of any fixed maturity securities (notes) issued by Pansend to MediBeacon. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Pansend issued MediBeacon a million convertible note due March 2025, increasing the total outstanding principal to million. The increase in the net carrying value of the investment from the note was fully offset by additional equity method losses recognized on MediBeacon during the year ended December 31, 2022, and Pansend's net carrying amount of its investment in MediBeacon is as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Equity Method Investments 
 
 The Company's equity method investments are comprised of investments in MediBeacon, Triple Ring and HMN. The Company's share of net losses from its equity method investments totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company accounts for its Triple Ring equity method investment results on a lag basis. Subsequent to year end, on March 6, 2023, the Company closed on the sale of its remaining interest in HMN. Refer to Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies and Note 24. Subsequent Events for additional information on the Company's investment in HMN. 
 
 Liabilities Equity 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Total revenues Gross profit Operating income Net income 

Building and leasehold improvements Land Construction in progress Plant and transportation equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Total 
 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts included million and million of depreciation expense recognized within cost of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-24 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the net book value of capitalized internal-use software included in PP E was million and million, respectively. 

Acquisition Translation ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Translation ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 
 Total 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges of million and million, respectively, which are reflected in Other operating loss in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impairment charges related to non-core FCC licenses which were sold or expired, in order to bring their carrying value equal to the agreed upon sales price prior to the execution of the sale or expiration. 
 
 The weighted-average period prior to the next renewal for FCC licenses was years and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, after taking into consideration licenses that were successfully renewed shortly after year-end. While broadcast television licenses are issued for a fixed period of time (generally eight years), renewals of these licenses have occurred routinely and at nominal cost. In addition, the Company does not believe that the expiration or non-renewal of any of our FCC licenses would have a material adverse effect on the expected future cash flows and profitability. 
 
 F-25 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

years ) ) Customer relationships and contracts years ) ) Channel sharing arrangements years ) ) Other years ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded impairment charges to definite lived intangible assets of million, which are reflected in Other operating loss in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impairment charges related to the HC2 Network Program License Agreement ("PLA") due to a decline in performance. 
 
 Amortization expense for definite lived intangible assets was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in Depreciation and amortization in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Amortization 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

of Banker Steel Holdco LLC ("Banker Steel") for million. The acquisition was financed with million from a partial draw on a new million revolving credit facility, million of sellers' notes, million of assumed debt of Banker Steel, and million in cash received from INNOVATE in the settlement of certain intercompany balances. 
 
 Banker Steel, which is included in the Company's Infrastructure segment, provides full-service fabricated structural steel and erection services primarily for the East Coast and Southeast commercial and industrial construction market, in addition to full design-assist services. Banker Steel consists of operating companies: Banker Steel Co., LLC; NYC Constructors, LLC; Memco LLC; Derr Isbell Construction LLC; Innovative Detailing and Engineering Solutions; and Lynchburg Freight and Specialty LLC. 
 
 The transaction was accounted for as a business acquisition and the valuation was finalized in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 F-26 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million revolving credit facility 
 Sellers' notes Bankers Steel debt - assumed Cash Gross consideration Less: Seller transaction costs - assumed Less: Bankers debt - assumed Less: R W premium paid by seller Net consideration Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Assets held for sale Inventory Other current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Other assets Intangibles, net Goodwill Total assets to be acquired Accounts payable Contract liabilities Other current liabilities Other liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Total liabilities to be assumed Total net assets acquired 
 
 During the 2021 measurement period, adjustments to our acquisition accounting were made to certain amounts. These include updates to accounts receivable based on additional information obtained regarding collectability, values assigned to intangible assets, and additional accrued liabilities. As such, the valuation was finalized during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 Goodwill was determined based on the residual differences between fair value of consideration transferred and the value assigned to acquired assets and liabilities. Among the factors that contributed to goodwill was approximately million assigned to intangibles, including customer relationships of million with a useful life of years, trade names of million with a useful life of years, existing customer contracts of million with a useful life of years and leasehold interests of million with varying useful life. Goodwill is not amortized. The portion of goodwill that is deductible for tax purposes is million. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, acquisition costs incurred by DBMG in connection with the acquisition of Banker Steel were million, which were included in selling, general and administrative expenses. The acquisition costs were primarily related to legal, accounting and valuation services. 
 
 Results of Operations and Unaudited Supplemental Pro Forma Information 
 
 Income from operations Net income attributable to INNOVATE 
 
 F-27 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Income from operations Net loss attributable to INNOVATE ) 
 
 DBM Global 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company purchased an additional shares of DBM Global, Inc. on the open market, increasing its ownership to approximately from . 
 
 Spectrum Segment 
 
 , inclusive of approximately proxy and voting rights from minority holders, to approximately , inclusive of approximately proxy and voting rights from minority holders, from private purchases and proxy voting rights. 

million, inclusive of million of Accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"). The carrying value of the Insurance segment at the time of sale excluded cash of million and investments of million which were distributed to the Company through an extraordinary dividend immediately prior to the sale. The extraordinary dividend was approved by our domestic regulator in connection with the approval of the sale. The amount included in AOCI was reversed from equity at the time of the sale and offset the loss recognized. 
 
 While several factors impacted the fair value of the Insurance segment at the end of 2019, following discussions with our domestic regulator, changes in the asset management fee arrangement and expectations of future dividends primarily and ultimately resulted in the full impairment of the goodwill associated with the Insurance segment in 2019. While these factors did not have a major impact on the operations of the stand-alone business, they did have a significant impact on the economic benefit that could be realized by the Company. 
 
 As a result of the factors described above, combined with the risks associated with the long-term care insurance industry, the Company exited the Insurance segment and sold the business resulting in a million loss on the sale of CIG in the third quarter of 2021. 
 
 On September 3, 2022, INNOVATE and Continental entered into a tax cooperation agreement permitting Continental General Insurance Company ("CGIC") to consolidate into INNOVATE's 2021 U.S. tax return for the six-month period INNOVATE owned CGIC, allowing CGIC to shield some of its income tax liability by utilizing a portion of INNOVATE's Net Operating Losses ("NOLs") while also converting a portion of INNOVATE's IRC Sec. 163(j) carryforward assets into NOLs. Refer to Note 14. Income Taxes for additional information regarding income tax attributes. 
 
 The net tax savings of million on CGIC's income tax liability was split between CGIC and INNOVATE in accordance with the tax sharing agreement, which was executed on October 11, 2022. INNOVATE recognized a current income tax benefit of million in the current year and received million as a result of the tax sharing agreement during the fourth quarter of 2022 and expects to receive the remaining million in 2023. As CGIC is no longer a subsidiary of INNOVATE, the million tax benefit received by CGIC from the tax sharing agreement was treated as a deemed contribution, and therefore INNOVATE recognized an additional million loss related to the previous sale of the subsidiary, through continuing operations. 
 F-28 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million. Net proceeds received by INNOVATE at closing was cash consideration of approximately million. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company recognized a million gain on the sale. During the third quarter of 2021, as a result of releases of related escrows and hold backs, the Company recognized an additional million gain on the sale. 
 
 A portion of the proceeds from the sale of Beyond6 were used to repay million of the then outstanding balance under the line of credit with MSD PCOF Partners IX, LLC ("Revolving Credit Agreement") and repay million of the Company's 2021 Senior Secured Notes. 
 
 Sale of GMSL 
 
 On February 28, 2020, the Company, through its indirect subsidiary, GMH, in which the Company holds an approximately controlling interest, sold of the shares of GMSL to Trafalgar AcquisitionCo, Ltd. and an affiliate of J.F. Lehman Company, LLC. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a gain of million as a result of an indemnity release related to the sale of GMSL. 
 
 Discontinued Operations Reporting 
 
 Life, accident and health earned premiums, net Net investment income Realized/unrealized gains on investments Total revenue Cost of revenue Policy benefits, changes in reserves, and commissions Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization ) Income from operations Interest expense ) Loss on sale and liquidation of subsidiaries ) Other loss ) Pre-tax loss from discontinued operations ) Income tax expense ) Loss from discontinued operations ) 
 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Company had assets held for sale, and as of December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately million of other current assets related to discontinued operations which were classified in Assets held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 F-29 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million, which are included in Selling, general administrative, and a net loss of thousand which is included in Other (expense) income, net. 
 
 Restructuring Costs - DBM Global 
 
 DBMG incurred approximately million of restructuring costs for the year ended December 31, 2022, which are reflected in Selling, general and administrative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. These costs relate to a one-time internal project to evaluate and revamp DBMG's internal operations and back-office functions across all departments, including finance accounting, risk management, human resources, IT and purchasing to improve future state delivery models and reduce redundancy throughout the organization. There are remaining amounts accrued as of December 31, 2022. 

Finance lease (Property, plant and equipment, net) Total right-of-use assets Lease liabilities: Current portion of operating lease (Other current liabilities) Non-current portion of operating lease (Other liabilities) Finance lease (Debt obligations) Total lease liabilities 
 
 The tables below present financial information associated with the Company's leases. The information is presented as of, and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has entered into operating and finance lease agreements primarily for land, office space, equipment and vehicles, expiring between 2023 and 2045. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded impairment charges to right-of-use assets of million, which are reflected in Other operating loss, related to FCC licenses impaired. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment of the right-of-use-assets totaling million, which is reflected in Other operating loss. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded short-term lease costs totaling million and million, respectively. The Company is expected to incur million future short-term lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities Net finance lease cost Operating lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 
 F-30 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Financing cash flows from finance leases Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Finance leases Operating leases 
 
 The weighted-average remaining lease term and the weighted-average discount rate for finance leases and operating leases for the periods presented are as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) - operating leases Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) - finance leases Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: Present values ) ) Total lease liability balance 
 
 In November 2021, INNOVATE Corp. entered into a lease agreement for a special purpose space in Palm Beach, Florida. The new lease has not yet commenced, but will require future monthly lease payments of approximately million over the entire lease term and yearly common area maintenance charges of million, both of which are subject to annual upward adjustments, with total square footage of . The lease also provides for the Company to receive an allowance from the landlord of million to be used toward costs to design, engineer, install, supply and construct improvements (the "Construction Allowance"), payable at the end of the construction period, of which million is included in prepaid rent in Other Assets as of December 31, 2022. The future lease payments and remaining unexpended amounts under the allowance are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. We expect the accounting lease commencement date for this initial portion of the lease for financial reporting purposes to begin in 2024. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the lease agreement was amended to extend the term of the lease to years and to increase the Construction Allowance to a total of million. 
 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement with an option to extend the lease for another for office space in West Palm Beach, Florida. The new lease has not commenced yet, but will require future monthly lease payments of approximately million over the entire lease term, subject to annual upward adjustment, with total square footage of . Other than a million deposit included in Other Assets, the future lease payments are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as the building is still under construction. We expect the accounting lease commencement date for this initial portion of the lease for financial reporting purposes to begin in 2024. 
 
 F-31 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Restricted cash - non-current Other Total other assets 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded impairment charges to right-of-use assets of million, which are reflected in Other operating loss, related to FCC licenses impaired. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges to right-of-use-assets totaling million, which is reflected in Other operating loss. Refer to Note 8. Goodwill and Intangibles, Net for additional information. 
 
 Accrued payroll and employee benefits Accrued interest Accrued income taxes Total accrued liabilities 
 
 Other Total other liabilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million, respectively, of asset retirement obligations ("AROs") included in Other liabilities. Accretion expense relating to these AROs was million and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-32 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Note due 2026 
 Line of Credit due 2024 
 (PRIME minus and PRIME minus as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively) 
 Note due 2024 
 Note due 2024 
 Note due 2024 
 Obligations under finance leases Total Infrastructure Spectrum Note due 2024 
 Note due 2024 
 Note due 2022 
 Note due 2022 
 Total Spectrum Life Sciences Note due 2023 
 Total Life Sciences Non-Operating Corporate Senior Secured Notes, due 2026 
 Convertible Senior Notes, due 2026 
 Convertible Senior Notes, due 2022 
 LIBOR plus Line of Credit, due 2024 
 Total Non-Operating Corporate Total outstanding principal Unamortized issuance discount, issuance premium, and deferred financing costs ) ) Less: current portion of debt obligations ) ) Debt obligations 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum principal and interest payments Less: Amount representing interest ) ) ) Total aggregate finance lease and debt payments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the interest rates on finance leases ranged from approximately to . 
 
 F-33 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

revolving line of credit (the "Revolving Line") under the Credit and Security Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank and its term loan due 2023 (the "TCW Loan") under a financing agreement with TCW Asset Management Company LLC. In addition, DBMG entered into a new credit facility with UMB Bank ("UMB"). Under the terms of the agreement, UMB agreed to a million term loan ("UMB Term Loan") and million revolving credit agreement ("UMB Revolving Line"). The proceeds received in 2021 were used to fully repay DBMG's existing debt obligations, fund a portion of the Banker Steel acquisition, and provide additional working capital capacity to DBMG. The 2021 extinguishment of the Revolving Line and the TCW Loan yielded a loss on extinguishment of million included in Loss on early extinguishment or restructuring of debt in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The UMB Term Loan expires May 31, 2026 and bears interest at a rate of with an effective interest rate of . Interest is paid monthly. 
 
 The UMB Revolving Line expires May 31, 2024 and, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, bore interest at a rate of Prime Rate minus and Prime Rate minus , respectively. Interest is paid monthly. 
 
 The UMB Revolving Line associated with our Infrastructure segment contains customary restrictive and financial covenants related to debt levels and performance, including a Fixed Coverage Ratio covenant, as defined in the agreement. On August 2, 2022, DBMG negotiated and finalized an amendment to its UMB Revolving Line which included a retrospective change to the terms of the Fixed Coverage Ratio, and an increase in the UMB Revolving Line commitment from million to million, among other things. 
 
 The million note expires March 31, 2024 and bears interest at a rate of . Interest is paid quarterly. The million note expires May 27, 2024 and bears interest at a rate of . Interest is paid quarterly. 
 
 Spectrum 
 
 On August 30, 2021, Broadcasting repurchased million of DTV's outstanding notes payable, inclusive of accrued interest, to certain institutional investors. Also on August 30, 2021, DTV extended its remaining outstanding notes by days. 
 
 On October 21, 2021, Broadcasting entered into the Fifth Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes, Consent and Second Amendment to Asset Sale Under Secured Notes and Intercreditor Agreement with its lenders, MSD Partners, L.P. and Great American Life Insurance Company, which, among other things, extended the million of its Senior Secured Notes, due October 21, 2021, through November 30, 2022. Concurrently, Broadcasting completed the last of a series of repurchases of all the outstanding secured notes, inclusive of accrued interest, of DTV America Corporation DTV for a total consideration of million using a combination of cash on hand and proceeds from the sales on non-core assets. 
 
 On October 26, 2021, Broadcasting repurchased the outstanding convertible promissory notes of DTV for a total consideration of million using proceeds from the sales of non-core assets. Subsequent to these acquisitions, DTV s debt is held by Broadcasting and eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 On November 28, 2022, Broadcasting entered into a Sixth Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes, extending the maturity date of million of its Senior Secured Notes from November 30, 2022, to December 30, 2022. The terms of the notes were otherwise substantially unchanged. 
 
 On December 30, 2022, Broadcasting entered into a Seventh Omnibus Amendment to Secured Notes which, among other things, extended the maturity date of million of its Senior Secured Notes, due December 30, 2022 to May 31, 2024. The million of Senior Secured Notes consisted of million of Senior Secured Notes and million of Senior Secured Notes. The other terms of the million Senior Notes remained the same. At the time of the extension, HC2 Broadcasting had accrued interest and other fees of million. The interest rate on the million Senior Notes was increased to and cumulative accrued interest and exit fees of million were capitalized into the principal balance with both note extensions accounted for as debt modification events. The new effective interest rates on the notes range from to . All other terms were essentially the same. Total outstanding principal after the refinancing was million and million of accrued interest and fees remain accrued, with total exit fees of million which were recorded as original issue discount with a corresponding liability reflected in Other Liabilities. Interest is capitalized and payable upon maturity of the principal. 
 
 Concurrently therewith and as part of the consideration for extending the Senior Notes, HC2 Broadcasting amended warrants to purchase shares of common stock of HC2 Broadcasting Holdings, Inc. common stock held by the lenders of the Senior Notes by extending the time to exercise such to the second half of 2026 and reducing the exercise price per share (i) from to in the case of the certain of the warrants and (ii) from to in the case of the remaining warrants. The warrants have a term and are exercisable at any time. The change in the fair value of the warrants was recorded as original issue discount with a corresponding impact reflected in Noncontrolling interest of million. 
 
 F-34 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million short-term -day bridge financing loan with Lancer Capital, LLC ("Lancer"), a related party, an entity controlled by Avram A. Glazer, the Chairman of INNOVATE's Board of Directors. On July 13, 2022, R2 Technologies entered into a note purchase agreement with Lancer. The note payable bears interest at per annum and was funded in tranches. The first tranche of million closed on July 13, 2022, and included the settlement of a million short-term -day bridge financing loan made on June 27, 2022 by Lancer, and an additional million in cash. The second tranche of million closed on August 8, 2022. 
 
 On December 13, 2022, R2 Technologies closed on an additional million note with Lancer and also increased the borrowing rate on the existing million note to . In addition, the maturity date on the million note, was amended to the earlier of March 31, 2023 or within five business days after the date on which R2 Technologies receives an aggregate million from the consummation of a debt or equity financing. All other terms were substantially unchanged. Interest is capitalized and payable upon maturity of the principal. Subsequent to year end, on February 15, 2023 and February 28, 2023, R2 Technologies closed on an additional million note and an additional million with Lancer, respectively. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, R2 Technologies recognized interest expense related to the contractual interest coupon with Lancer of million. 
 
 Non-Operating Corporate 
 
 2026 Senior Secured Notes 
 
 On February 1, 2021, INNOVATE repaid its 2021 Senior Secured Notes and issued million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due February 1, 2026 (the "2026 Senior Secured Notes"). The 2026 Senior Secured Notes were issued under an indenture dated February 1, 2021, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association ("U.S. Bank"), as trustee (the "Secured Indenture"). In addition, the Company entered into exchange agreements with certain holders of approximately million aggregate principal amount of its existing million convertible senior notes due 2022 (the "2022 Convertible Notes"), pursuant to which the Company exchanged such holders' 2022 Convertible Notes for newly issued convertible notes due 2026 (the "2026 Convertible Notes"). The 2026 Senior Secured Notes were issued in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 The Company accounted for the transactions under the debt extinguishment model as the present value of cash flows under the terms of the 2026 Senior Secured Notes and 2026 Convertible Notes was at least 10 different from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the 2021 Senior Secured Notes and the 2022 Convertible Notes. The extinguishment of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes yielded a loss on extinguishment of million. The extinguishment of the million of 2022 Convertible Notes yielded a loss on extinguishment of million, an acceleration of the amortization of discount of million, and extinguishment of the bifurcated conversion option classified as equity of million. 
 
 The 2026 Senior Secured Notes were issued at of par, with a stated interest rate of and an effective interest rate of , which reflects million of deferred financing fees. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense recognize relating to both the contractual interest coupon and amortization of the deferred financing fees was million and million, respectively. 
 
 2022 Convertible Notes 
 
 On June 1, 2022, the 2022 Convertible Notes of million matured, and the Company repaid the principal and accrued interest upon maturity. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense recognized relating to both the contractual interest coupon and amortization of the discount on the 2022 Convertible Notes was million and million, respectively. 
 
 2026 Convertible Notes 
 
 The 2026 Convertible Notes were issued under a separate indenture dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and U.S. Bank, as trustee (the "Convertible Indenture"). The 2026 Convertible Notes were issued at of par with a stated interest rate of . The fair value of the embedded conversion feature contained in the 2026 Convertible Notes had a fair value of million, which was recorded as a premium on the 2026 Convertible Notes. The 2026 Convertible Notes mature on August 1, 2026 unless earlier converted, redeemed or purchased. The 2026 Convertible Notes have an effective interest rate of , which reflects the initial million premium and million of deferred financing fees. 
 
 Each 1,000 of principal of the 2026 Convertible Notes will initially be convertible into 234.2971 shares of our common stock, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the 2026 Convertible Notes had a net carrying value of million inclusive of an unamortized premium of million. Based on the closing price of our common stock of on December 31, 2022, the if-converted value of the 2026 Convertible Notes did not exceed its principal value. 
 F-35 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 Line of Credit - Revolving Credit Agreement 
 
 On February 23, 2021, the Company entered into a third amendment (the "Amendment") of the line of credit with MSD PCOF Partners IX, LLC ("Revolving Credit Agreement"). Among other things, the Amendment (i) increased the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Agreement to million; (ii) extended the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Amendment to February 23, 2024; (iii) updated the affirmative and negative covenants contained in the Amended Credit Agreement so that they are substantially consistent with the affirmative and negative covenants contained in the indenture that governs the 2026 Senior Secured Notes; and (iv) reduced the interest rate margin applicable to loans borrowed under the Amended Credit Agreement to from . Except as modified by the Amendment, the terms of the Revolving Credit Agreement remain in effect. In May 2021, INNOVATE drew million under the Revolving Credit Agreement. In July 2022, the Company drew an additional million under the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 
 2026 Senior Secured Notes Terms and Conditions 
 
 Maturity . The 2026 Senior Secured Notes mature on February 1, 2026. 
 
 Interest . The 2026 Senior Secured Notes accrue interest at a rate of per year. Interest on the 2026 Senior Secured Notes is paid semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year. 
 
 Issue Price . The issue price of the 2026 Senior Secured Notes was of par. 
 
 Ranking . The notes and the note guarantees are the Company s and certain of its direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries (the "Subsidiary Guarantors") general senior secured obligations. The notes and the note guarantees will rank: (i) senior in right of payment to all of the Company s and the Subsidiary Guarantors future subordinated debt; (ii) equal in right of payment, subject to the priority of any First-Out Obligations (as defined in the Secured Indenture), with all of the Company s and the Subsidiary Guarantors existing and future senior debt and effectively senior to all of its and the Subsidiary Guarantor s unsecured debt to the extent of the value of the collateral; and (iii) effectively subordinated to all liabilities of its non-guarantor subsidiaries. The notes and the note guarantees are secured on a first-priority basis by substantially all of the Company s assets and the assets of the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject to certain exceptions and permitted liens. 
 
 Collateral . The 2026 Senior Secured Notes are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the Company s assets (except for certain "Excluded Assets," and subject to certain "Permitted Liens," each as defined in the Secured Indenture), including, without limitation: 
 
 all equity interests owned by the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor (which, in the case of any equity interest in a foreign subsidiary, will be limited to of the non-voting stock (if any) and of the voting stock of such foreign subsidiary) and the related rights and privileges associated therewith (but excluding Equity Interests of Insurance Subsidiaries (as defined in the Secured Indenture), to the extent the pledge thereof is deemed a "change of control" under applicable insurance regulations); 
 all equipment, goods and inventory owned by the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor; 
 all cash and investment securities owned by the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor; 
 all documents, books and records, instruments and chattel paper owned by the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor; 
 all general intangibles owned by the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor; and 
 any proceeds and supporting obligations thereof. 
 
 The Secured Indenture permits the Company, under specified circumstances, to incur additional debt in the future that could equally and ratably share in the collateral. The amount of such debt is limited by the covenants contained in the Secured Indenture. 
 
 Events of Default . The Secured Indenture contains customary events of default which could, subject to certain conditions, cause the 2026 Senior Secured Notes to become immediately due and payable. 
 
 Restricted Payments. The Secured Indenture contains specific covenants which restrict the Company's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries (as defined in the Secured Indenture) to incur certain additional indebtedness; make certain dividends, distributions, investments and other restricted payments; repay certain debt; sell certain assets; or enter into certain transactions with affiliates. These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the 2026 Senior Secured Notes. 
 
 2026 Convertible Notes Terms and Conditions 
 
 Maturity . The 2026 Convertible Notes mature on August 1, 2026 unless earlier converted, redeemed or purchased. 
 
 Interest . The 2026 Convertible Notes accrue interest at a rate of per year. Interest on the 2026 Convertible Notes is paid semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year. 
 F-36 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

of par. 
 
 Ranking . The notes are the Company s general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and will rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, and senior in right of payment to any of the Company s future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the notes. The notes will be effectively subordinated to all of the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, including the Company s 2026 Senior Secured Notes, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness, and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries, including trade credit. 
 
 Optional Redemption . The Company may not redeem the notes prior to August 1, 2023. On or after August 1, 2023, the Company may redeem for cash all of the notes if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (which need not be consecutive trading days) during any consecutive trading-day period ending within trading days prior to the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption. The redemption price will equal of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, including additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 Conversion Rights . The 2026 Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock based on an initial conversion rate of 234.2971 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes (equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per share of the Company s common stock), at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, in principal amounts of 1,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000 in excess thereof. In addition, following a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Convertible Indenture) or the Company s delivery of a notice of redemption for the 2026 Convertible Notes, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2026 Convertible Notes in connection with (i) such Make-Whole Fundamental Change or (ii) such notice of redemption. However, to comply with certain listing standards of The New York Stock Exchange, the Company will settle in cash its obligation to increase the conversion rate in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or redemption until it has obtained the requisite stockholder approval. 
 
 Events of Default . The Convertible Indenture contains customary events of default which could, subject to certain conditions, cause the 2026 Convertible Notes to become immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the 2026 Convertible Notes. 
 
 Revolving Credit Agreement 
 
 Lender. MSD PCOF Partners IX, LLC MSD 
 
 Maturity. The Revolving Credit Agreement matures on February 23, 2024. 
 
 Ranking. Obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement constitute a First-Out Debt, as defined in the Secured Indenture, and are secured on a pari passu basis with the 2026 Senior Secured Notes. 
 
 Collateral: As provided under a Collateral Trust Joinder, the lender was added as a secured party to the Collateral Trust Agreement, and accordingly the pari passu obligations and commitments under the Revolving Credit Agreement are secured equally and ratably by the collateral of the Secured Notes. 
 
 Any failure to comply with the restrictions in the agreements governing our indentures, or any agreement governing other indebtedness we could incur, may result in an event of default under those agreements. Such default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, which acceleration may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt. 

F-37 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 State Foreign ) Net current tax expense (benefit) ) Deferred tax expense (benefit) Federal ) State Foreign Net deferred tax expense Income tax expense ) Foreign Loss from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) ) Permanent differences State tax, net of federal benefit ) Foreign rate differential Executive and stock compensation Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance ) ) Transaction costs Return to provision Rate change Outside basis difference Other Equity income ) ) Derivative ) Income tax expense 
 
 Income tax expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily relates to tax expense as calculated under ASC 740 for taxpaying entities, which was partially offset by the net tax savings of million from the CGIC consolidation in the 2021 tax return, resulting in a partial release of the valuation allowance. Refer to 10. Discontinued Operations and Exit Activities in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Additionally, the tax benefits associated with losses generated by the INNOVATE Corp. U.S. tax consolidated group and certain other businesses have been reduced by a full valuation allowance as we do not believe it is more-likely-than-not that the losses will be utilized. 
 
 Income tax expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relates to tax expense as calculated under ASC 740 for taxpaying entities. Additionally, the tax benefits associated with losses generated by the INNOVATE Corp. U.S. tax consolidated group and certain other businesses have been reduced by a full valuation allowance as we do not believe it is more-likely-than-not that the losses will be utilized. 
 F-38 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Basis difference in fixed assets Deferred compensation Sec. 163(j) carryforward Lease liability Other deferred tax assets Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Basis difference in fixed assets ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Basis difference in intangibles ) ) Other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 Deferred tax assets refer to assets that are attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets in essence represent future savings of taxes that would otherwise be paid in cash. The realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient future taxable income, including capital gains. If it is determined that the deferred tax assets cannot be realized, a valuation allowance must be established, with a corresponding charge to net income (loss). 
 
 In accordance with ASC 740, the Company establishes valuation allowances for deferred tax assets that, in its judgment are not more likely-than-not realizable. These judgments are based on projections of future income or loss and other positive and negative evidence by individual tax jurisdiction. Changes in industry and economic conditions and the competitive environment may impact these projections. In accordance with ASC Topic 740, during each reporting period the Company assesses the likelihood that its deferred tax assets will be realized and determines if adjustments to its valuation allowances are appropriate. 
 
 Management evaluated the need to maintain the valuation allowance against the deferred taxes of the INNOVATE Corp. U.S. consolidated tax group the group for each of the reporting periods based on the positive and negative evidence available. The objective negative evidence evaluated was the group s historical operating results over the prior three-year period. The group is in a cumulative three-year loss as of December 31, 2022 which provides negative evidence that is difficult to overcome and would require a substantial amount of objectively verifiable positive evidence of future income to support the realizability of the group s deferred tax assets. While positive evidence exists by way of unrealized gains in the Company s investments, management concluded that the negative evidence now outweighs the positive evidence. Thus, it is more likely than not that the group s US deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 Valuation allowances have been maintained against deferred tax assets based on losses generated by certain businesses that do not qualify to be included in the INNOVATE Corp. U.S. consolidated income tax return. Generally, consolidation rules under the Internal Revenue Code require consolidation of like-kind entities with an 80 or greater equity ownership, and each individual state or foreign jurisdiction has their own distinct consolidation rules which vary. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has gross U.S. net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income of the U.S. consolidated group in the amount of million. The Company expects that approximately million of the gross U.S. net operating loss carryforwards would be available to offset taxable income in 2023. This estimate may change based on changes to actual results reported on the 2022 U.S. tax return. The amount of U.S. net operating loss carryforwards reflected in the financial statements differ from the amounts reported on the U.S. tax return due to uncertain tax positions related to tax laws and regulations that are subject to varied interpretation by the IRS. 
 
 Additionally, the Company has million of gross U.S. net operating loss carryforwards from its subsidiaries that do not qualify to be included in the INNOVATE Corp. U.S. consolidated income tax return, including million from R2, million from DTV America, and other entities of million. 
 
 F-39 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million, generated after 2017 have an indefinite carryforward period. U.S. net operating loss carryforwards, in the amount of million, generated prior to 2018 will expire, if unused, by 2037. 
 
 Pursuant to the rules under Section 382, the Company concluded that it underwent an ownership change on May 29, 2014 and million gross U.S. net operating losses recorded in the consolidated financial statements are subject to an annual limitation under IRC Sec. 382 of approximately million. On November 4, 2015, INNOVATE issued million shares of its stock in a primary offering. The Company believes the issuance resulted in a Section 382 ownership change and million gross U.S. net operating losses recorded in the consolidated financial statements are subject to IRC Sec. 382. 
 
 The purchase of GrayWolf Industrial on November 30, 2018 triggered a Section 382 ownership change. million of federal net operating losses acquired are subject to an annual limitation between million and million for the first five years beginning in 2019 and million afterwards. million of the GrayWolf U.S. net operating losses subject to Section 382 were generated in 2018, and, therefore, they do not expire. 
 
 Additionally, the Company has million of acquired U.S. net operating losses from DTV America, which is subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had foreign operating loss carryforwards of approximately million. 
 
 The Company follows the provision of ASC 740 which prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in its financial statements uncertain tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return. The Company is subject to challenge from various taxing authorities relative to certain tax planning strategies, including certain intercompany transactions as well as regulatory taxes . 
 
 The Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to uncertain tax positions that would impact the effective income tax rate if recognized. The company has reduced the net operating loss carryforward by million for uncertain tax positions based on our interpretation of tax laws and regulations that are subject to varied interpretation by the IRS. 
 
 Gross decreases - Tax positions in prior period ) Uncertain tax benefits - December 31 
 
 The Company conducts business globally, and as a result, INNOVATE or one or more of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world. Tax years 2002-2021 remain open for examination. 
 
 The Company is currently under examination in various domestic and foreign tax jurisdictions. The open tax years contain matters that could be subject to differing interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations as they relate to the amount, character, timing or inclusion of revenue and expenses or the applicability of income tax credits for the relevant tax period. Given the nature of tax audits, there is a risk that disputes may arise. 

2024 Thereafter Total commitments 
 
 The Company s future minimum purchase commitments are primarily for materials and subcontractor costs to be used in its construction projects. The amounts are fixed and determinable and do not include variable components. 
 F-40 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million (~ million) from HMRC for the VAT refunds previously withheld. ICS is waiting on the repayment of the outstanding interest and costs. The Company is working with HMRC agents to obtain full resolution. 
 
 Fair Value Investments Litigation 
 
 On October 1, 2020, Fair Value Investments Incorporated FVI filed a putative stockholder class action and derivative complaint in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the "Court") against INNOVATE Corp. and certain of DBMG s current and former officers and directors, including current and former INNOVATE officers and directors AJ Stahl, Kenneth S. Courtis, Robert V. Leffler, Jr., Philip A. Falcone, Michael J. Sena, and Paul Voigt (together with INNOVATE, the INNOVATE Defendants styled Fair Value Investments Incorporated v. Roach, et al., C.A. No. 2020-0847-JTL (Del. Ch.) (the FVI Action ). In the FVI Action, FVI alleges that the Company, in its capacity as DBMG s controlling stockholder, and DBMG s current and former officers and directors breached their fiduciary duties to DBMG and DBMG s minority stockholders by approving certain transactions that allegedly provide disproportionate benefits to the Company. FVI challenges the following transactions: (i) DBMG s payments to the Company from 2016 present pursuant to a Tax Sharing Agreement between DBMG and the Company; (ii) DBMG acting as a guarantor or providing collateral for loans taken on by the Company; (iii) DBMG s issuance of dividends to its common and preferred stockholders in 2017 2020; (iv) DBMG s issuance of preferred stock to the Company to finance DBMG s 2018 acquisition of GrayWolf Industrial; and (v) the Company s appointment of directors to DBMG s board of directors by written consent in lieu of holding an annual stockholder meeting. 
 
 On February 23, 2021, FVI filed an Amended Verified Stockholder Class Action Complaint (the "Amended Complaint"). In the Amended Complaint, FVI named additional defendants: the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Wayne Barr, and DBMG s General Counsel, Scott D. Sherman. The Amended Complaint includes additional fact allegations in support of the largely similar claims raised in the original complaint. Defendants moved to dismiss the Amended Complaint on April 23, 2021. The Court heard argument on the motions to dismiss on January 21, 2022. Ruling from the bench, the Court granted Defendants motions to dismiss, in part. The Court dismissed all claims against all individual defendants other than Ronald Yagoda, including all claims against Messrs. Barr, Stahl, Courtis, Leffler, Falcone, Sena, and Voigt. As to the remaining defendants - INNOVATE Corp. and Yagoda - the Court dismissed all claims regarding: (i) DBMG acting as a guarantor or providing collateral for loans by the Company; (ii) DBMG s issuance of dividends to its common and preferred stockholders in 2017 2020; (iii) the Company s appointment of directors to DBMG s board of directors by written consent in lieu of holding an annual stockholder meeting; and (iv) DBMG s payments to the Company in 2016 and May 2017 pursuant to a Tax Sharing Agreement between DBMG and the Company. The Company believes the surviving claims in the FVI Amended Complaint relating to (i) DBMG s payments to the Company after May 2017 pursuant to a Tax Sharing Agreement between DBMG and the Company and (ii) DBMG s issuance of preferred stock to the Company to finance DBMG s 2018 acquisition of GrayWolf Industrial are without merit. Discovery on the remaining claims is underway. 
 
 On December 23, 2022, the parties entered into a Joint Stipulation and Proposed Scheduling Order which, among other things, scheduled the trial date for March 12-14, 2024. 
 
 On March 1, 2023, FVI's counsel filed a Motion to Withdraw and Temporarily Stay Proceedings, which motion was granted on March 9, 2023. The Court ordered a -day stay of the proceedings to allow FVI to engage new counsel. The Company intends to vigorously defend this litigation. 
 F-41 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

DTV stockholders and holders of DTV stock options filed a stockholder class action and derivative complaint in the Delaware Court of Chancery in an action styled Bocock, et al., v. HC2 Holdings, Inc. et al., C.A. No. 2021-0224 (Del. Ch.). Plaintiffs named as defendants INNOVATE Corp. (f/k/a HC2 Holdings, Inc.), HC2 Broadcasting Holdings, Inc., HC2 Broadcasting Inc., and Continental General Insurance Corporation (the INNOVATE Entities and certain current and former officers and directors of the INNOVATE Entities and DTV, including Philip Falcone, Michael Sena, Wayne Barr, Jr., Les Levi, Paul Voigt, Ivan Minkov, and Paul Robinson (the Individual Defendants ). Plaintiffs principally allege that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties and/or aided and abetted breaches of fiduciary duty by participating in a scheme in which the INNOVATE Entities (i) acquired majority voting and operating control over DTV; (ii) exploited that control to misappropriate DTV s assets and business opportunities for the benefit of the INNOVATE Entities; and (iii) purchased DTV stock at a discount to fair value and diminished the value of DTV stock options. Plaintiffs allege that the Individual Defendants (i) prompted the INNOVATE Entities to purchase more than low-power television LPTV broadcast stations originally identified for potential acquisition by DTV, (ii) allowed the INNOVATE Entities to misappropriate DTV technology, known as DTV Cast, (iii) caused DTV to transfer unspecified LPTV broadcasting station licenses to INNOVATE affiliates without paying any value, and (iv) transferred to the INNOVATE Entities unspecified DTV broadcasting stations that had been repacked by the FCC. Defendants moved to dismiss the Complaint on May 19, 2021. On June 23, 2021, plaintiffs amended their complaint. In the amended complaint, plaintiffs assert the same claims they asserted in their initial complaint, added a claim for waste associated with DTV s purported transfer of licenses and construction permits for less than fair value, and dropped Paul Robinson as a defendant. Defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint in its entirety on August 25, 2021, and the parties completed briefing on the motions to dismiss on November 10, 2021. The Court heard argument on the motions to dismiss on March 29, 2022. On June 28, 2022, the Court requested that the parties submit supplemental briefing on the motions to dismiss by July 20, 2022. The parties completed the supplemental briefing on July 20, 2022. 
 
 On October 28, 2022, the Court issued a Memorandum Opinion on Defendants motion to dismiss the Complaint. First, the Court dismissed all claims against Continental General Insurance Corporation for lack of personal jurisdiction. Second, the Court dismissed all claims the stockholder plaintiffs purported to assert directly. Third, the Court dismissed as time-barred all claims challenging conduct that occurred before March 15, 2018, including claims challenging (i) the November 2017 acquisition of Azteca America by INNOVATE; (ii) INNOVATE s purported usurpation of the so-called DTV Cast technology; and (iii) the WFWC-CD Station acquisition. Fourth, the Court dismissed claims associated with the INNOVATE Entities purported purchases of unidentified broadcasting stations. Fifth, the Court dismissed all claims challenging the Expense Sharing Agreement, and the Right to Use Agreement between INNOVATE and DTV, and certain Stock-Based Compensation Agreements. Sixth, the Court dismissed the aiding and abetting claim against the INNOVATE Entities. Seventh, the Court dismissed the civil conspiracy claim as to all defendants. Lastly, the Court dismissed the option-holders claim for tortious interference with prospective business opportunities. Thus, after the Court issued its October 28, 2022 Memorandum Opinion, the only claims to survive Defendants motion to dismiss are (i) a derivative claim against the INNOVATE Entities (other than Continental General), Levi, and Falcone for breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the million Frank Digital acquisition; (ii) a derivative claim for breach of fiduciary duty against the INNOVATE Entities (other than Continental General), in their capacities as DTV s controlling stockholders, relating to the sale of licenses (for less than million) in connection with the Gray Media sale; (iii) a derivative claim for breach of fiduciary duty against the INNOVATE Entities (other than Continental General) and Levi in connection with the transfer of licenses ultimately sold to TV-49 for million; and (iv) a derivative claim for waste against Levi and Falcone in connection with the sale of stations to Lowcountry, which Lowcountry later sold for million and million, respectively. The Company believes these remaining claims are without merit, and the Company intends to vigorously defend this litigation. 
 
 Marin Hospital Replacement Litigation 
 
 On October 20, 2022, McCarthy Building Companies, Inc. McCarthy filed suit against Schuff Steel Company Schuff ), a subsidiary of DBMG, and Quality Assurance Engineering, Inc. dba Consolidated Engineering Laboratories CEL in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Marin, styled McCarthy Building Companies, Inc. v. Schuff Steel Company; Quality Engineering, Inc. dba Consolidated Engineering Laboratories, et al., Case No. CIV2203963 (the Action ). In the Action, McCarthy alleges damages and delays caused by alleged failures in fabrication, erection, welding, and quality control by Schuff and improper quality assurance responsibilities by CEL on the Marin General Hospital Replacement Building (the Project ). McCarthy asserts claims against Schuff for breach of contract, express indemnity, breach of express warranties, negligence, equitable implied indemnity, breach of implied warranties, and declaratory relief. On February 13, 2023. Schuff filed its response denying liability to McCarthy and asserting a Cross-Complaint against McCarthy, and other companies involved in the design, construction, and quality assurance, who potentially are liable for damages and delays alleged by McCarthy on the Project. In the Cross-Complaint, Schuff asserts claims for breach of contract, violation of statute, equitable indemnity apportionment, and contribution and express indemnity (the Cross-Complaint ). Schuff intends to vigorously defend this Action and aggressively pursue the Cross-Complaint and cannot reasonably estimate any range of potential loss at this time. 
 
 F-42 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million under credit and security agreements and performance bonds of million. As of December 31, 2021, DBM had outstanding letters of credit of million under credit and security agreements and performance bonds of million. DBMG s contract arrangements with customers sometimes require DBMG to provide performance bonds to partially secure its obligations under its contracts. Bonding requirements typically arise in connection with private contracts and sometimes with respect to certain public work projects. DBMG s performance bonds are obtained through surety companies and typically cover the entire project price. 
 
 HMN Equity Interest 
 
 On October 30, 2019, the Company announced the sale of its New Saxon 2019 Limited New Saxon stake in HMN, its joint venture with Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., to Hengtong Optic-Electric Co Ltd ("Hengtong"). Under the terms of the agreement, the sale of New Saxon s interest in HMN will be affected in tranches. The first tranche, the sale of the portion of New Saxon s interest of HMN, closed on May 12, 2020 (the "First HMN Close"). The remaining interest of HMN is retained by New Saxon and subject to a put option agreement by New Saxon, exercisable starting on the second year anniversary of the closing date of the First HMN Close at a price equal to the greater of the share price paid for the interest or fair market value as of the exercisable date. 
 
 On June 24, 2022, New Saxon entered into a supplemental agreement for the outright sale of its remaining interest in HMN, which also changed the buyers from a Hong Kong entity to Chinese entities. The new agreement preserved the rights under the original put option agreement, giving the Company the ability to exercise the put option if the transaction did not close by October 31, 2022. The significant terms and structure of the transaction did not otherwise change, and the transaction still required cash settlement. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the transaction received final regulatory approvals in China, and the transaction closed on March 6, 2023. Refer to Note 24. Subsequent Events for additional information. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk and of Significant Suppliers 
 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, and accounts receivable. The Company maintains all cash and cash equivalents at accredited financial institutions, in amounts that exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company holds million and million cash in foreign accounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company attempts to minimize the risks related to cash and cash equivalents by investing in a range of financial instruments as defined by the Company. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited by the large number of customers comprising the Company's customer base and their geographic and business dispersion. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of the customers' financial condition and generally does not require collateral to support customer receivables. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, one customer exceeded 10 of the Company's revenue and accounted for approximately and one customer accounted for more than 10 of accounts receivable for approximately . For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, one customer exceeded 10 of the Company's revenue and accounted for approximately and no customers accounted for more than 10 of accounts receivable. 
 
 . For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, one supplier accounted for more than 10 of the Company's accounts payable for approximately . 

to of employee annual salary contributions, depending on the subsidiary. The Company made aggregate matching contributions of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-43 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, most of the Infrastructure segment's collective bargaining agreements are subject to automatic annual or other renewal unless either party elects to terminate the agreement on the scheduled expiration date. 

shares of common stock of INNOVATE, plus any shares that again become available for awards under the 2014 Plan, plus any shares that again become available for awards under the Restated 2014 Plan. 
 
 On April 20, 2018, the Board of Directors, subject to stockholder approval, adopted the Second Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Equity Award Plan (the "Second A R 2014 Plan"). The Second A R 2014 Plan was approved by INNOVATE's stockholders at the annual meeting of stockholders held on June 13, 2018. Subject to adjustment as provided in the Second A R 2014 Plan, the Second A R 2014 Plan authorized the issuance of up to shares of common stock of INNOVATE, plus any shares that again become available for awards under the 2014 Plan or the Restated 2014 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, million shares for awards remain available for issuance under Second A R 2014 Plan. 
 
 The Second A R 2014 Plan provides that further awards will be granted pursuant to the 2014 Plan or the Restated 2014 Plan. However, awards previously granted under either the 2014 Plan or the Amended 2014 Plan will continue to be subject to and governed by the terms of the 2014 Plan and Amended 2014 Plan, respectively. The Compensation Committee of INNOVATE's Board of Directors administers the 2014 Plan, the Amended 2014 Plan and the Second A R 2014 Plan and has broad authority to administer, construe and interpret the plans. The Second A R 2014 Plan provides for the grant of awards of non-qualified stock options, incentive (qualified) stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, other stock based awards, performance compensation awards (including cash bonus awards) or any combination of the foregoing. The Company typically issues new shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options, as opposed to using treasury shares. 
 
 The Company follows guidance which addresses the accounting for share-based payment transactions whereby an entity receives employee services in exchange for either equity instruments of the enterprise or liabilities that are based on the fair value of the enterprise s equity instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity instruments. The guidance generally requires that such transactions be accounted for using a fair-value based method and share-based compensation expense be recorded, based on the grant date fair value, estimated in accordance with the guidance, for all new and unvested stock awards that are ultimately expected to vest as the requisite service is rendered. 
 
 Total share-based compensation expense recognized by the Company and its subsidiaries under all equity compensation arrangements was million for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 All grants are time based and vest either immediately or over a period established at grant, typically with a requisite service period of two to for the employee to vest in the stock-based award, subject to discretion by Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. There are no other substantive conditions for vesting. The Company recognizes compensation expense for equity awards, reduced by actual forfeitures as they are incurred, using the straight-line basis. 
 
 F-44 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested - December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested - December 31, 2022 
 
 The aggregate vesting date fair value of the restricted stock awards which vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock awards was million and is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Expired ) Outstanding - December 31, 2021 Granted Expired ) Outstanding and exercisable - December 31, 2022 
 
 . As of December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value and weighted-average remaining life of the Company's outstanding and exercisable stock options were and approximately years, respectively. The maximum contractual term of the Company's exercisable stock options is approximately years. As of December 31, 2022, there were unvested stock options and unrecognized stock-based compensation expenses related to unvested stock options. 

par value 
 Series A-3 shares issued and outstanding Series A-4 shares issued and outstanding 
 
 F-45 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock, and on January 11, 2019, CGI purchased shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock. The shares and dividends accrued related to the Series A-2 Preferred Stock owned by CGI were eliminated in consolidation prior to its sale on July 1, 2021. Refer to Note 10. Discontinued Operations and Exit Activities for further information. 
 
 Luxor and Corrib Conversions 
 
 On August 2, 2016, the Company entered into separate agreements with each of Corrib Master Fund, Ltd. ("Corrib"), then a holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, and certain investment entities managed by Luxor Capital Group, LP ("Luxor"), that together then held shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock. In conjunction with the conversions, the Company agreed to provide the following two forms of additional consideration for as long as the Preferred Stock remained entitled to receive dividend payments (the "Additional Share Consideration"): 
 
 The Company agreed that in the event that Corrib and Luxor would have been entitled to any Participating Dividends payable, had they not converted the Preferred Stock (as defined in the respective Series A and Series A-1 Certificate of Designation), after the date of their Preferred Share conversion, then the Company will issue to Corrib and Luxor, on the date such Participating Dividends become payable by the Company, in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act the number of shares of common stock equal to (a) the value of the Participating Dividends Corrib or Luxor would have received pursuant to Sections (2)(c) and (2)(d) of the respective Series A and Series A-1 Certificates of Designation, divided by (b) the Thirty Day VWAP (as defined in the respective Series A and Series A-1 Certificates of Designation) for the period ending two business days prior to the underlying event or transaction that would have entitled Corrib or Luxor to such Participating Dividend had Corrib s or Luxor s Preferred Stock remain unconverted. 
 
 The Company agreed that it will issue to Corrib and Luxor, on each quarterly anniversary commencing May 29, 2017 (or, if later, the date on which the corresponding dividend payment is made to the holders of the outstanding Preferred Stock), through and until the Maturity Date (as defined in the respective Series A and Series A-1 Certificates of Designation), in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act the number of shares of common stock equal to (a) the Accrued Value (as defined in the respective Series A and Series A-1 Certificates of Designation) of Corrib s or Luxor s Preferred Stock as of the Closing Date (as defined in applicable Voluntary Conversion Agreements) divided by (b) the Thirty Day VWAP (as defined in the respective Series A and Series A-1 Certificate of Designation) for the period ending two business days prior to the applicable Dividend Payment Date (as defined in the respective Series A and Series A-1 Certificate of Designation). 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, and shares of the Company's common stock were issued to Luxor and Corrib, respectively, in conjunction with the conversion agreements. 
 
 The fair value of the Additional Share Consideration for the year ended December 31, 2021 was valued by the Company at million and was recorded within Preferred stock and deemed dividends from conversion line item of the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a deemed dividend. 
 
 On May 29, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the Additional Share Consideration, the final Participating Dividend payments were made to Luxor and Corrib. 
 
 Redemption and Conversion of Series A and A-2 Shares 
 
 On May 29, 2021, pursuant to the Certificate of Designation, holders of the Series A and A-2 Preferred Stock caused the Company to redeem the Series A and A-2 Preferred Stock at the accrued value per share plus accrued but unpaid dividends (to the extent not included in the accrued value of Series A and A-2 Preferred Stock), of which million was paid in cash to holders of the Series A and A-2 Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A and A-2 Preferred Stock that was not so redeemed was automatically converted into shares of common stock at the conversion price then in effect, of which shares of the Company's common stock were issued in lieu of cash to holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. In connection with the Stock Purchase Agreement, CGI, formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a letter agreement with the Company to not redeem at maturity or seek redemption of shares of the Company's Series A and shares of the Company's Series A-2 Preferred Stock. 
 F-46 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

shares of the Series A and shares of the Series A-2 shares that CGIC held for an equivalent number of Series A-3 Convertible Participating Preferred Stock ("Series A-3") and Series A-4 Convertible Participating Preferred Stock ("Series A-4"), respectively. The terms remained substantially the same, except that the Series A-3 and Series A-4 will mature on July 1, 2026. A cash payment of million was made as a part of the exchange for accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A and Series A-2 being exchanged. 
 
 Upon issuance of the Series A-3 and Series A-4 Preferred Stock on July 1, 2021, the Series A-3 and Series A-4 have been classified as temporary equity in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet with a combined redemption value of million with a current fair value as of December 31, 2022 of million. 
 
 Dividends. The Series A-3 and Series A-4 Preferred Stock accrue a cumulative quarterly cash dividend at an annualized rate of . The accrued values of the Series A-3 and Series A-4 Preferred Stock accrete quarterly at an annualized rate of that is reduced to or if the Company achieves specified rates of growth measured by increases in its net asset value; provided, that the accreting dividend rate will be in the event that (A) the daily volume weighted average price ("VWAP") of the Company's common stock is less than a certain threshold amount, (B) the Company's common stock is not registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (C) the Company's common stock is not listed on certain national securities exchanges or the Company is delinquent in the payment of any cash dividends. The Series A-3 and Series A-4 Preferred Stock is also entitled to participate in cash and in-kind distributions to holders of shares of Company's common stock on an as-converted basis. 
 
 Subsequent Measurement. The Company has elected to account for the Series A-3 and Series A-4 Preferred Stock by immediately recognizing changes in the redemption value as they occur. The carrying value of the Series A-3 and Series A-4 Preferred Stock will be adjusted to equal what the redemption amount would be as if the redemption were to occur at the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the Series A-3 and Series A-4 Preferred Stock. Any cash dividends paid will directly reduce the carrying value of the Series A-3 and Series A-4 Preferred Stock until the carrying value equals the redemption value. The Company has a history of paying dividends on its preferred stock and expects to continue to pay such dividends each quarter. 
 
 Optional Conversion. Each share of Series A-3 and Series A-4 may be converted by the holder into shares of the Company's common stock at any time based on the then-applicable Conversion Price. Each share of Series A-3 is initially convertible at a conversion price of (as it may be adjusted from time to time, the "Series A-3 Conversion Price"), and each share of Series A-4 is initially convertible at a conversion price of (as it may be adjusted from time to time, the "Series A-4 Conversion Price") collectively the Conversion Prices ). The Conversion Prices are subject to adjustment for dividends, certain distributions, stock splits, combinations, reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers, recapitalizations and similar events, as well as in connection with issuances of equity or equity-linked or other comparable securities by the Company at a price per share (or with a conversion or exercise price or effective issue price) that is below the Conversion Prices (which adjustment shall be made on a weighted average basis). Actual conversion prices at the time of the exchange were for the Series A and for the Series A-2. 
 
 Redemption by the Holder / Automatic Conversion. On July 1, 2026, holders of the Series A-3 and Series A-4 shall be entitled to cause the Company to redeem the Series A-3 and Series A-4 at the accrued value per share plus accrued but unpaid dividends (to the extent not included in the accrued value of Series A-3 and Series A-4). Each share of Series A-3 and Series A-4 that is not so redeemed will be automatically converted into shares of the Company's common stock at the Conversion Price then in effect. 
 
 Upon a change of control (as defined in each Certificate of Designation) holders of the Series A-3 and Series A-4 shall be entitled to cause the Company to redeem their shares of Series A-3 and Series A-4 at a price per share of Series A-3 and Series A-4 equal to the greater of (i) the accrued value of the Series A-3 and Series A-4, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (to the extent not included in the accrued value of Series A-3 and Series A-4 Preferred Stock), and (ii) the value that would be received if the share of Series A-3 and Series A-4 were converted into shares of the Company's common stock immediately prior to the change of control. 
 
 Redemption by the Company / "Company Call Option". At any time after the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date, May 29, 2014, the Company may redeem the Series A-3/Series A-4, in whole but not in part, at a price per share generally equal to of the accrued value per share, plus accrued but unpaid dividends (to the extent not included in the accrued value of the Series A-3/Series A-4), subject to the holder's right to convert prior to such redemption. 
 
 Forced Conversion . The Company may force conversion of the Series A-3 and Series A-4 into shares of the Company's common stock if the common stock's VWAP exceeds of the then-applicable Conversion Price and the Common Stock s daily VWAP exceeds of the then-applicable Conversion Price for at least twenty trading days out of the thirty trading day period used to calculate the VWAP. In the event of a forced conversion, the holders of Series A-3 and Series A-4 will have the ability to elect cash settlement in lieu of conversion if certain market liquidity thresholds for the Company's common stock are not achieved. 
 
 F-47 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

of certain of the Series A-3 and Series A-4 then outstanding is required for certain material actions. 
 
 Participation Rights. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreements entered into with the initial purchasers of the Series A-3 Preferred Stock and the Series A-4 Preferred Stock, subject to meeting certain ownership thresholds, certain purchasers of the Series A-3 Preferred Stock and the Series A-4 Preferred Stock are entitled to participate, on a pro-rata basis in accordance with their ownership percentage, determined on an as-converted basis, in issuances of equity and equity linked securities by the Company. In addition, subject to meeting certain ownership thresholds, certain initial purchasers of the Series A-3 Preferred Stock and the Series A-4 Preferred Stock will be entitled to participate in issuances of preferred securities and in debt transactions of the Company. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Series A-3 Preferred Stock and Series A-4 Preferred Stock were convertible into and shares, respectively, of INNOVATE's common stock. 
 
 Preferred Share Dividends 

2021 Declaration Date March 31, 2021 May 29, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 Holders of Record Date March 31, 2021 May 29, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 Payment Date April 15, 2021 June 4, 2021 October 15, 2021 January 15, 2022 Total Dividend 
 
 DBMGi Series A Preferred Stock Issuance 
 
 On November 30, 2018, CGIC purchased shares of DBMGi's Series A Preferred Stock, which was eliminated in consolidation. On July 1, 2021, as a part of the sale of CIG which resulted in the deconsolidation of the entity, INNOVATE was deemed to have issued million of DBMGi Series A Preferred Stock to the now deconsolidated CGIC. Upon issuance of the DBMGi Series A Preferred Stock on July 1, 2021, the DBMGi Series A Preferred Stock has been classified as temporary equity in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2022, there are shares of DBMGi's Series A Preferred Stock outstanding and shares with a par value of each are authorized for issuance. 
 
 Redemption Option . The DBMGi Preferred Stock is redeemable at any time, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company, or at any time or by the holder prior to July 2026. 
 
 F-48 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

following the date of issuance, (i) per annum if dividends are paid in kind or (ii) per annum if dividends are paid in cash and (b) starting on the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance, a rate per annum equal to (i) LIBOR (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) plus a spread of (together, the LIBOR Rate per annum, plus if dividends are paid in kind or (ii) the LIBOR Rate per annum in the case of dividends paid in cash. Subsequent to the transition away from LIBOR beginning in 2023, the Certificate of Designation allows for a LIBOR Successor Rate, which allows the Company to reasonably determine an alternate benchmark rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmarks (if any) incorporated therein) giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities for such alternative benchmarks. 
 
 Subsequent Measurement. The DBMGi Series A Preferred Stock is measured each reporting period at its maximum redemption value, which is equal to the stated value plus all accrued, accumulated and unpaid dividends as of the end of each reporting period as they are currently redeemable. The Company pays accrued dividends quarterly in cash (with an option to PIK), and the Company does not expect to make any subsequent measurement adjustments recorded to the initial carrying amount. As such no accretion will be recognized until future dividend payments would otherwise reduce the carrying value below its redemption value. In such a case, the Company will adjust the carrying value to its maximum redemption amount. 

The dividends paid on April 15, 2022, October 15, 2022 and January 15, 2023 were paid in cash. The DBMGi Board of Directors elected to pay the second quarter dividend payable July 15, 2022 in shares. 
 
 2021 
 Declaration Date September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 Holders of Record Date September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 Payment Date October 15, 2021 January 15, 2022 Total Dividend 
 
 The 2021 dividends were paid in cash. 
 
 Stockholders Rights Agreement - Tax Benefits Preservation Plan 
 
 On August 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Tax Benefits Preservation Plan (the Preservation Plan between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Rights Agent. The Preservation Plan is designed to protect the Company s ability to use its tax net operating losses and certain other tax assets Tax Benefits by deterring an ownership change as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (the Code ). If any person or group acquires or more of the outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock (subject to certain exceptions), there would be a triggering event under the Preservation Plan which could result in significant dilution in the ownership interest of such person or group. As such, the Preservation Plan has anti-takeover effects. In connection with the adoption of the Preservation Plan, the Company disclosed that given the change-over in the Company s stock over the past several years, the Company was approaching the risk of losing its Tax Benefits. 
 
 Pursuant to Preservation Plan, the Board of the Company declared a dividend distribution of one right (a Right for each outstanding share of our common stock to stockholders of record at the close of business on September 9, 2021 (the Record Date ). Each Right is governed by the terms of the Plan and entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company a unit consisting of one one-thousandth of a share (a Unit of Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ), at a purchase price of per Unit, subject to adjustment (the Purchase Price ). The Plan is intended to help protect the Company s ability to use its tax net operating losses and certain other tax assets Tax Benefits by deterring an ownership change as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (the Code . 
 
 Initially, the Rights will be attached to all common stock certificates representing shares of our common stock then outstanding, and no separate rights certificates Rights Certificates will be distributed. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Plan, the Rights will separate from our shares of common stock then outstanding and a distribution date (the Distribution Date will occur upon the earlier of (i) business days following a public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an Acquiring Person has become the beneficial owner of or more of our common stock and (ii) business days (or such later date as the Board shall determine) following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group becoming an Acquiring Person. 
 
 F-49 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

-month lease for office space. As part of the agreement, INNOVATE was able to pay a lower security deposit and lease payments, and received favorable lease terms as consideration for landlord required cross default language in the event of default of the shared space leased by Harbinger Capital Partners, a company controlled by INNOVATE's former CEO and formerly a related party, in the same building. With the adoption of ASC 842, as of January 1, 2019, this lease was recognized as a right-of-use asset and lease liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, and subsequent to the sale of CGIC on July 1, 2021, to Continental General Holdings LLC, an entity controlled by Michael Gorzynski, a former director of the Company until June 17, 2022 and who has also served as executive chairman of Continental since October 2020, INNOVATE's Board of Directors declared cash dividends of million to CGIC with respect to INNOVATE s issued and outstanding Preferred Stock, and DBMGi's Board of Directors declared cash dividends of million to CGIC with respect to DBMGi s issued and outstanding Preferred Stock. 
 
 Infrastructure 
 
 Banker Steel, a subsidiary of DBMG, has leased office spaces from 2940 Fulks St LLC, a related party that is owned by Donald Banker, CEO of Banker Steel and a related party, with monthly lease payments of thousand and a total lease liability of million. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, DBMG incurred lease expense of thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 
 Banker Steel has leased plane from Banker Aviation LLC, a related party that is owned by Donald Banker, with monthly lease payments of million and a total lease liability of million. During the first quarter 2022, of the plane leases was terminated. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, DBMG incurred lease expense related to these leases of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Banker Steel also had a subordinated note payable of million to Donald Banker, a related party, which was redeemed in full by DBMG on April 4, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, DBMG incurred interest expense related to this note, of million and million, respectively. Refer to Note 13. Debt Obligations for additional information. 
 
 Life Sciences 
 
 On June 27, 2022, R2 Technologies issued a million short-term -day bridge financing loan with Lancer Capital, LLC ("Lancer"), a related party, an entity controlled by Avram A. Glazer, Chairman of the Board of Directors of INNOVATE. On July 13, 2022, R2 Technologies entered into a million note purchase agreement with Lancer. The note payable bears interest at per annum, and was funded in tranches. The first tranche of million closed on July 13, 2022, and included the settlement of the million short-term -day bridge financing loan made on June 27, 2022 by Lancer, and an additional million in cash. The second tranche of million closed on August 8, 2022. 
 
 On December 13, 2022, R2 Technologies closed on an additional million note with Lancer and also increased the borrowing rate on the existing million note to . In addition, the maturity date on the existing million note, was amended to the earlier of March 31, 2023 or within five business days after the date on which R2 Technologies receives an aggregate million from the consummation of a debt or equity financing. For the year ended December 31, 2022, R2 Technologies recognized interest expense of million related to the notes with Lancer. Subsequent to year end, on February 15, 2023 and February 28, 2023, R2 Technologies closed on an additional million and an additional million note with Lancer, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, R2 Technologies recognized revenues of million and million, respectively, from sales to a subsidiary of Huadong, a related party of R2 Technologies. The related accounts receivable totaled million and , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-50 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million of stock compensation and royalty expenses that were paid to Blossom Innovations, LLC, an investor and a related party of R2 Technologies. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, R2 Technologies paid million of a milestone payment to Blossom Innovations, LLC. 

primary reportable geographic segment - United States and primarily all revenue is derived in the United States. The Company has reportable operating segments, plus our Other segment, based on management s organization of the enterprise - Infrastructure, Life Sciences, Spectrum, and Other. We also have included a Non-operating Corporate segment. All inter-segment revenues are eliminated on consolidation. 

Life Sciences Spectrum Total revenue 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Income (loss) from operations Infrastructure 
 Life Sciences ) ) Spectrum ) ) Other ) ) Non-operating Corporate ) ) Total income (loss) from operations ) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Reconciliation of the consolidated segment income (loss) from operating consolidated loss from continuing operations before income taxes 2022 2021 Income (loss) from operations ) Interest expense ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Loss from equity investees ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) 
 
 F-51 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Infrastructure recognized within cost of revenue 
 Total Infrastructure Life Sciences Spectrum Non-operating Corporate Total depreciation and amortization 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Capital Expenditures ) 
 Infrastructure 
 Life Sciences Spectrum Non-operating Corporate Total 
 ) The above capital expenditures exclude assets acquired under capital lease and other financing obligations. 
 
 Life Sciences Other Total 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Equity Method Investments (included in Investments above) Infrastructure Life Sciences Other Total 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Total Assets Infrastructure 
 Life Sciences Spectrum Other Non-operating Corporate Total 

F-52 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

dilutive common share equivalents during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to results from continuing operations being a loss, net of tax. As of December 31, 2022, common stock equivalents from unvested restricted stocks were excluded from the weighted average number of shares used to calculate diluted loss per share as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. Other instruments that may, in the future, if the average market price of the Company's stock exceeds the conversion prices, have a dilutive effect on earnings per share, but were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are: preferred stock, convertible debt and stock options.) ) Loss from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest Loss from continuing operations attributable to INNOVATE Corp. ) ) Less: Preferred dividends and deemed dividends from conversions Loss from continuing operations attributable to INNOVATE common stockholders ) ) Loss from discontinued operations ) Loss from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax and noncontrolling interest ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Numerator for loss per share - basic and diluted Net loss from continuing operations attributable to common stock Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to common stock Net loss attributable to common stock - basic and diluted Denominator for basic and dilutive loss per share Weighted average common shares outstanding Loss per share - continuing operations - basic and diluted 
 Loss per share - discontinued operations - basic and diluted 
 Loss per share - basic and diluted 

Total assets not accounted for at fair value Liabilities Debt obligations (1) 
 Total liabilities not accounted for at fair value 
 
 F-53 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Total assets not accounted for at fair value Liabilities Debt obligations (1) 
 Total liabilities not accounted for at fair value (1) Excludes operating lease obligations accounted for under ASC 842, Leases . 

) Other (expense) income, net ) Total ) 
 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 
 Restricted cash Restricted cash included in other assets (non-current) Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Restricted cash Restricted cash included in other assets (non-current) Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents classified in Assets held for sale, beginning of period Restricted cash classified in Assets held for sale Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash classified in Assets held for sale Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes, net of refunds Non-cash investing and financing activities: Property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable Issuance of preferred stock Accrued interest and fees capitalized into principal debt Issuance of redeemable noncontrolling interest Extinguishment of convertible note in exchange Issuance of convertible note in exchange ) Debt assumed in acquisitions 
 F-54 

INNOVATE CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

interest in HMN to subsidiaries and an affiliate of Hengtong Optic-Electric Co Ltd. The sale was consummated pursuant to the terms of a supplemental agreement entered into by the parties in June 2022. After taxes and transaction fees, INNOVATE received approximately million in cash. 
 F-55 

<EX-10.44>
 2
 exhibit1044-q410k2022.htm
 EX-10.44

Document 

Exhibit 10.44 

 SENIOR SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 
 811,000.00 December 13, 2022 
 San Ramon, California 
 For value received, R2 Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), promises to pay to Lancer Capital LLC (the Holder ), or its permitted assigns, in lawful money of the United States of America the principal sum of 811,000.00. Interest shall accrue from the date of this Secured Promissory Note (this Note on the unpaid principal amount at a rate equal to 18.00 simple interest per annum (or 20.00 simple interest per annum if provided by Section 4 ). Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below). 
 This Note is subject to the following terms and conditions 
 1. Issuance of Notes . This Note is one of a series of Notes (collectively, the Notes being issued pursuant to that certain Senior Secured Promissory Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2022 by and among the Company and the Holder (as may be amended from time to time, the Purchase Agreement ), and is subject to, and the Holder and Company shall be bound by, all the terms, conditions and provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 
 2. Repayment . The entire then-outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note, together with any accrued but unpaid interest under this Note (the Outstanding Amount ), shall be due and payable on the earlier to occur of (i) March 31, 2023 or (ii) within five (5) business days after the date on which the Company receives an aggregate of 20,000,000 from the consummation of one or more bona fide debt or equity financings, other capital investments, or capital contributions, whether from new or existing equity holders or debt holders (such applicable date, the Maturity Date ). The Notes shall rank pari passu in right of payment with respect to each other Note, and all payments to each of the Holders under the Notes shall be made pro rata among the Holders based upon the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Notes outstanding immediately prior to any such payment. All payments shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America at such place as the Holder hereof may from time to time designate in writing to the Company. Interest shall accrue on this Note but shall not be due and payable until the Holder s written request for repayment after the Maturity Date. 
 3. Security Guarantee . The payment obligations of the Company arising under this Note are secured pursuant to the terms of (i) that certain Security Agreement dated as of July 13, 2022 by and between the Company and Holder (as amended from time to time, the Security Agreement and (ii) that certain Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2022, by the Company in favor of the Holder (as amended from time to time, the IP Security Agreement ). Reference hereby is made to the Security Agreement and the IP Security Agreement for a description of the nature and extent of the collateral serving as security for this Note and the rights of the Holder with respect to such security. 
 4. Events of Default . Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of this Note at a rate equal to 20.00 simple interest per annum, for the period beginning with the date of occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below) and continuing for so long as such Event of Default is continuing. The Company shall immediately notify the Holder in writing upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any Event of Default provided that the provision of such notice shall not effect or impair the Holder's rights hereunder. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under this Note 
 (a) the Company shall fail to pay Holder in full the principal amount and all accrued and unpaid interest on this Note on the Maturity Date 
 (b) the occurrence of an event of default pursuant to any Senior Indebtedness (as defined below), subject to applicable notice and cure periods 
 (c) the Company shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator or custodian of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) make a general 
 WEST 300435669.6 

assignment for the benefit of its or any of its creditors or (iv) commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession of its property by any official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it 
 (d) proceedings for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator or custodian of the Company or of all or a substantial part of the property thereof, or an involuntary case or other proceedings seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or the debts thereof under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect shall be commenced and an order for relief entered or such proceeding shall not be challenged, dismissed or discharged within ninety (90) days of commencement 
 (e) the dissolution or winding up of the Company or 
 (f) the appointment of a receiver or trustee to take possession of any property or assets of the Company. 
 5. Subordination . The indebtedness evidenced by this Note is hereby expressly subordinated, to the extent and in the manner hereinafter set forth, in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all of the Company s Senior Indebtedness (as defined below). 
 (a) Insolvency Proceedings . If there shall occur any receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, or arrangements with creditors (whether or not pursuant to bankruptcy or other insolvency laws), sale of all or substantially all of the assets, dissolution, liquidation, or any other marshaling of the assets and liabilities of the Company, no amount shall be paid by the Company in respect of the principal of, interest on or other amounts due with respect to this Note at the time outstanding, unless and until the principal of and interest on the Senior Indebtedness then outstanding shall be paid in full. 
 (b) Subrogation . Subject to the payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness, the holder of this Note shall be subrogated to the rights of the holder(s) of such Senior Indebtedness (to the extent of the payments or distributions made to the holder(s) of such Senior Indebtedness pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5 to receive payments and distributions of assets of the Company applicable to the Senior Indebtedness. No such payments or distributions applicable to the Senior Indebtedness shall, as between the Company and its creditors, other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness and the Holder, be deemed to be a payment by the Company to or on account of this Note and for purposes of such subrogation, no payments or distributions to the holders of Senior Indebtedness to which the Holder would be entitled except for the provisions of this Section 5 shall, as between the Company and its creditors, other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness and the Holder, be deemed to be a payment by the Company to or on account of the Senior Indebtedness. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants to the Holder that (a) the terms of the Senior Indebtedness allow for the transactions contemplated by this Note and the repayment in full by the Company of its obligations pursuant to this Note on the Maturity Date without any default thereunder, and (b) no consent is required from any third party, including any holder of the Senior Indebtedness, to enter into the transaction contemplated by this Note or to pay in full the obligations of the Company pursuant to this Note, which consent has not been obtained prior to the date hereof. 
 (c) No Impairment . Nothing contained in this Section 5 shall impair, as between the Company and the Holder, the obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, to pay to the Holder the principal hereof and interest hereon as and when the same become due and payable, or shall prevent the Holder of this Note, upon default hereunder, from exercising all rights, powers and remedies otherwise provided herein or by applicable law. 
 -2- 
 WEST 300435669.6 

(d) Reliance of the Holders of Senior Indebtedness . The Holder, by its acceptance hereof, shall be deemed to acknowledge and agree that the foregoing subordination provisions are, and are intended to be, an inducement to and a consideration of each holder of Senior Indebtedness, whether such Senior Indebtedness was created or acquired before or after the creation of the indebtedness evidenced by this Note, and each such holder of Senior Indebtedness shall be deemed conclusively to have relied on such subordination provisions in acquiring and holding, or in continuing to hold, such Senior Indebtedness. 
 (e) Senior Indebtedness . For purposes of this Note, Senior Indebtedness shall mean, unless expressly subordinated to or made on a parity with the amounts due under this Note, the principal of (and premium, if any), unpaid interest on and amounts reimbursed, fees, expenses, costs of enforcement and other amounts due in connection with, (i) indebtedness of the Company, or with respect to which the Company is a guarantor, to banks, commercial finance lenders, insurance companies, leasing or equipment financing institutions or other lending institutions regularly engaged in the business of lending money (excluding venture capital, investment banking or similar institutions which from time to time engage in lending activities but which are primarily engaged in investments in equity securities), which is for money borrowed, or purchase or leasing of equipment in the case of lease or other equipment financing, by the Company, whether or not secured, and (ii) any debentures, notes or other evidence of indebtedness issued in exchange for such Senior Indebtedness, or any indebtedness arising from the satisfaction of such Senior Indebtedness by a guarantor, in each case, to the extent in existence and outstanding as of the date of the Initial Closing (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). 
 6. Expenses . The Company agrees to pay all costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys fees at any time paid or incurred by Holder to collect the indebtedness evidenced by this Note. 
 
 7. Waiver . No failure on the part of Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any of the rights provided for herein shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise by Holder of any right preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The Company waives presentment, protest or notice of dishonor and demand for payment and notice of default for non- payment. 
 
 8. Transfer Successors and Assigns . The terms and conditions of this Note shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may not assign, pledge, or otherwise transfer this Note without the prior written consent of the Company, except for transfers to an entity controlled by or under common control with the Holder. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Note may be transferred only upon surrender of the original Note for registration of transfer, duly endorsed, or accompanied by a duly executed written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company. Thereupon, a new note for the same principal amount and interest will be issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee. Interest and principal are payable only to the registered holder of this Note. 
 9. Governing Law . This Note and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. 
 10. Notices . All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Note shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of actual receipt, or (a) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent, if sent by electronic mail or facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipient s next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to (i) to the Company at its corporate headquarters, to the Holder at the address as set forth on 
 -3- 
 WEST 300435669.6 

the signature pages to the Purchase Agreement, or to such e-mail address, facsimile number or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this subsection. 
 11. Amendments and Waivers . Any term of this Note may be amended or waived only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 
 12. Stockholders, Officers and Directors Not Liable . In no event shall any stockholder, officer or director of the Company be liable for any amounts due or payable pursuant to this Note. 
 13. Usury . If any interest is paid on this Note which is deemed to be in excess of the then legal maximum rate, then that portion of the interest payment representing an amount in excess of the then legal maximum rate shall be deemed a payment of principal and applied against the principal of this Note. 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank. 
 
 -4- 
 WEST 300435669.6 

DocuSign Envelope ID E9F2E190-09C7-41BF-8226-3B0215E7468D 

The Company has caused this Secured Promissory Note to be issued as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY R2 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By s Tim Holt Name Timothy Holt Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 AGREED AND ACCEPTED 
 
 LANCER CAPITAL LLC By Avram Glazer Irrevocable Exempt Trust, 
 its Sole Member 
 By Name Avram Glazer Title Trustee 

The Company has caused this Secured Promissory Note to be issued as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY R2 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By Name Timothy Holt Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 AGREED AND ACCEPTED 
 
 LANCER CAPITAL LLC By Avram Glazer Irrevocable Exempt Trust, 
 its Sole Member 
 By s Avram Glazer Name Avram Glazer Title Trustee 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211-q410k2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization DBM Global Intermediate Holdco Inc. Delaware INNOVATE 2 Corp Delaware INNOVATE International Holding Corp. Delaware TIC Holdco Inc. (f k a Schuff Merger Sub, Inc.) Delaware 
 
 Subsidiaries of DBM Global Intermediate Holdco Inc., INNOVATE 2 Corp. and INNOVATE International Holding Corp., are listed below. All subsidiaries are wholly-owned by their respective parent, except where otherwise indicated. 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF DBM GLOBAL INTERMEDIATE HOLDCO INC. 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization DBM Global Inc. (91.21 (1) 
 Delaware Banker Steel Holdco LLC Delaware Banker Steel Co., L.L.C. Delaware Lynchburg Freight & Specialty LLC Delaware US Erectors LLC Delaware Innovative Engineering Solutions LLC Delaware Memco, LLC Delaware NYC Constructors, LLC Delaware NYCC Construction Services, LLC Delaware US Construction Services, Inc. Delaware Innovative Detailing Services, Ltd. Ontario, Canada NYC Construction Services, Ltd. Ontario, Canada Derr and Isbell Construction, LLC Texas CB-Horn Holdings, Inc. Delaware GrayWolf Industrial, Inc. Delaware M. Industrial Mechanical, Inc. Delaware Midwest Environmental, Inc. Kentucky Milco National Constructors, Inc. Delaware GrayWolf Integrated Construction Company (2) 
 Delaware Titan Fabricators, Inc. Kentucky GrayWolf Integrated Construction Company-Southeast, Inc. Georgia DBM Global-North America Inc. Delaware Addison Structural Services, Inc. Florida Quincy Joist Company Delaware Aitken Manufacturing Inc. Delaware DBM Vircon Services (USA), Inc. Arizona Innovative Structural Systems Inc. Delaware On-Time Steel Management Holding, Inc. Delaware Schuff Steel Management Company Southwest, Inc. Delaware PDC Services (USA) Inc. Delaware Schuff Steel Company (3) 
 Delaware Schuff Steel Atlantic, LLC Florida 
 Exhibit 21.1 
 Page 1 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Schuff Steel Company Panama S. de R.L. Panama DBM Global Holdings Inc. Delaware DBM Vircon Services (Canada) LTD (4) 
 British Columbia, Canada DBM Vircon Services (India) Pvt Ltd India DBM Vircon Services (UK) Ltd United Kingdom DBMG International PTE LTD Singapore DBMG Singapore PTE LTD Singapore DBM Vircon (Australia) Pty Ltd Australia DBM Vircon Services (Australia) Pty Ltd Australia BDS Steel Detailers (Australia) Pty Ltd 
 Australia DBM Vircon Services (NZ) Ltd New Zealand PDC Operations (Australia) Pty Ltd Australia DBM Vircon Services (Philippines) Inc. Philippines DBM Vircon Services (Thailand) Co. LTD Thailand Schuff Premier Services LLC Delaware 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF INNOVATE 2 CORP. 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Global Marine Holdings, LLC (72.75 Delaware New Saxon 2019 Ltd United Kingdom HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc. (5) (98 
 Delaware HC2 Broadcasting Intermediate Holdings Inc. Delaware HC2 Broadcasting Inc. Delaware DTV America Corporation (76.5 (6) 
 Delaware HC2 Network Inc. (7) 
 Delaware HC2 Station Group, Inc. Delaware Pansend Life Sciences, LLC Delaware Genovel Orthopedics, Inc. (80 Delaware R2 Technologies, Inc. (56.56 Delaware 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF INNOVATE INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CORP. 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization ICS Group Holdings Inc. Delaware PTGi International Carrier Services Ltd United Kingdom INNOVATE International Corp. Delaware 

(1) Registrant holds a total of 91.21 as follows 89.83 through DBM Global Intermediate Holdco Inc. and 1.38 through INNOVATE Corp. 
 (2) Also does business as GrayWolf Integrated Construction Company, Inc. (AL, AK, MN, MT and NY) 
 (3) Also does business under the name Schuff Steel Company Inc. (AL and NY) 
 (4) Also does business under the name Candraft VSI 
 (5) Also does business under the name QUU (NY) 
 (6) Registrant holds a total of 66.43 , as follows 42.35 (representing 98 of 43.22 direct interests) through HC2 Broadcasting Inc., 5.28 (representing 98 of 5.38 direct interests) through HC2 Broadcasting Holdings, Inc. and 17.83 through INNOVATE 2 Corp. In addition, HC2 holds an additional 10.07 voting interest through proxies from minority shareholders, for a total controlling interest of 76.50 . 
 Exhibit 21.1 
 Page 2 

(7) Also does business under several fictitious names in various states, as follows Arizona HC2 Network Inc. - KEJR California HC2 Network Inc. - MEMO Colorado HC2 Network Inc. - KRDH District of Columbia HC2 Network - WQAW Florida HC2 Network Inc. - W16CC, HC2 Network Inc. - WFEF, and HC2 Network Inc. - WXAX Georgia HC2 Network Inc. - WUVM Illinois - HC2 Network Inc. - WPVN Louisiana HC2 Network Inc. - WTNO New York HC2 Network - WKOB Texas HC2 Network - KAXW, HC2 Network - KDKJ, HC2 Network - KLKW, HC2 Network - KNKC, HC2 Network - KVAT, HC2 Network Inc. - KVDF, HC2 Network Inc. - KYDF, HC2 Network - MYAZ and HC2 Network - NAZD and Utah HC2 Network Inc. - KBTU. 
 Exhibit 21.1 
 Page 3 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-q410k2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

INNOVATE Corp. 
 New York, NY 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-248695, No. 333-217274, No. 333-213107, No. 333-207266, and No. 333-207470) and Form S-8 (No. 333-224657, No. 333-218835, and No. 333-198727) of INNOVATE Corp. and subsidiaries of our reports dated March 14, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of INNOVATE Corp. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 s BDO USA, LLP 
 
 New York, NY 
 March 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-q410k2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Wayne Barr, Jr, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of INNOVATE Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 14, 2023 By s Wayne Barr, Jr. Name Wayne Barr, Jr. Title President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-q410k2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Michael J. Sena, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of INNOVATE Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 14, 2023 By s Michael J. Sena Name Michael J. Sena Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-q410k2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted), Wayne Barr, Jr, the President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of INNOVATE Corp. (the Company ), and Michael J. Sena, the Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32 (the Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Periodic Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report. 
 Dated March 14, 2023 
 s Wayne Barr, Jr. s Michael J. Sena Wayne Barr, Jr. Michael J. Sena President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 vate-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 vate-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 vate-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 vate-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 vate-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

