<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_868082_0001437749-23-007712.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4291495</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>169556</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>746108</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1397491</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>957325</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>889333</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-007712.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324090134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-007712
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000868082
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				341659910
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19279
		FILM NUMBER:		23757857

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		585 WEST MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 629
		CITY:			CANFIELD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3305332692

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		585 WEST MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 629
		CITY:			CANFIELD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44406

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-007712.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 eepl20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

eepl20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Commission File No. 

EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L.P. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer 
 incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

P.O. Box 629 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act. 
 
 Name of each exchange 
 Title of each class on which registered 

None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

Table of Contents 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange 
 Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 USC. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 There were 4,967,264 Units of limited partnership interest held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022. At June 30, 2022, there was public market for the Registrant s Units of limited partnership interest. There were Units of limited partnership interest of the Registrant as of March 10, 2023. The Units generally do not have any voting rights, but, in certain circumstances, the Units are entitled to one vote per Unit. 
 
 Except as otherwise indicated, the information contained in this Report is as of December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L.P. 

INDEX 

DESCRIPTION 
 PAGE NO. 

Part I. 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 11 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

Supplemental Item Information About Our Executive Officers 
 14 

Part II. 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 26 

Table of Contents 

DESCRIPTION 
 
 PAGE NO. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , PCAOB ID: 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Partners Equity 
 F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 27 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 28 

Part III. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 29 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 33 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 38 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 39 

Part IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 40 

Exhibit Index 
 
 E-1 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Introduction 
 
 Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. (the Company ), a Delaware limited partnership, engages in the business of oil and gas acquisition, exploration, development and production. The Company was formed for the purpose of consolidating the business and oil and gas properties of Everflow Eastern, Inc., an Ohio corporation EEI ), and the oil and gas properties owned by certain limited partnerships and working interest programs managed or operated by EEI (the Programs ). Everflow Management Limited, LLC (the General Partner ), an Ohio limited liability company, is the general partner of the Company. 
 
 Exchange Offer . The Company made an offer (the Exchange Offer to acquire the common shares of EEI (the EEI Shares and the interests of investors in the Programs (collectively the Interests in exchange for units of limited partnership interest (the Units ). The Exchange Offer was made pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on December 19, 1990 (the Registration Statement and the Prospectus dated December 19, 1990, as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). 
 
 The Exchange Offer terminated on February 15, 1991 and holders of Interests with an aggregate value (as determined by the Company for purposes of the Exchange Offer) of 66,996,249 accepted the Exchange Offer and tendered their Interests. Effective on such date, the Company acquired such Interests, which included partnership interests and working interests in the Programs, and all of the outstanding EEI Shares. Of the Interests tendered in the Exchange Offer, 28,565,244 was represented by the EEI Shares and 38,431,005 by the remaining Interests. 
 
 The parties who accepted the Exchange Offer and tendered their Interests received an aggregate of 6,632,464 Units. Everflow Management Company, a predecessor of the General Partner of the Company, contributed Interests with an aggregate exchange value of 670,980 in exchange for a 1 interest in the Company. 
 
 The Company . The Company was organized in September 1990. The principal executive offices of the Company, the General Partner and EEI are located at 585 West Main Street, Canfield, Ohio 44406. The telephone number is (330) 533-2692. 
 
 Description of the Business 
 
 General . The Company has participated on an on-going basis in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of undeveloped oil and gas properties and has pursued the acquisition of producing oil and gas properties. 

- 1 -

Table of Contents 

Subsidiaries . The Company has two subsidiaries. EEI was organized as an Ohio corporation in February 1979 and, since the consummation of the Exchange Offer, has been a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. EEI is engaged in the business of oil and gas production and operations management. 
 
 A-1 Storage of Canfield, Ltd. A-1 Storage was organized as an Ohio limited liability company in 1995 and is 99 owned by the Company and 1 owned by EEI. A-1 Storage s business includes leasing of office space to the Company as well as rental of storage units to non-affiliated parties. 
 
 Current Operations . The properties of the Company consist in large part of fractional undivided working interests in properties containing proved reserves of oil and gas located in the Appalachian Basin region of Ohio and Pennsylvania. Approximately 76 of the estimated total future cash inflows related to the Company s crude oil and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2022 are attributable to natural gas reserves. The majority of such properties are located in Ohio and consist primarily of proved producing properties with established production histories. 
 
 The Company s operations since February 1991 primarily involve the production and sale of oil and gas and the drilling and development of approximately 444 (net) wells. The Company serves as the operator of approximately 72 of the gross wells and 89 of the net wells which comprise the Company s properties during the year 2022. 
 
 The Company expects to hold its producing properties until the oil and gas reserves underlying such properties are substantially depleted. However, the Company may, from time to time, sell any of its producing or other properties or leasehold interests if the Company believes that such sale would be in its best interest. 
 
 Sales of Deep Rights . The Company has sold its deep rights in certain Ohio and Pennsylvania properties for cash consideration as part of various agreements with multiple purchasers (the "Dispositions"). The Dispositions included no producing reserves, and the Company retained the rights to the shallow portion of all acreage sold in addition to some of the rights to a portion of the deep acreage sold, subject to the agreements. During 2012, the Company sold approximately 30,600 acres in conjunction with the Dispositions. 
 
 Business Plan . The Company continually evaluates whether it can develop oil and gas properties at historical levels given the current costs of drilling and development activities, the current prices of crude oil and natural gas, and the Company s ability to find oil and gas in commercially productive quantities. See MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

- 2 -

Table of Contents 

Acquisition of Prospects . From time to time, the Company maintains a leasehold inventory from which the General Partner will select oil and gas prospects for development by the Company. Prior to 2000, EEI generated approximately 90 of the prospects which were drilled. Since 2000, the Company began generating fewer prospects and has participated in more joint ventures with other operators. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s current leasehold inventory consists of approximately 14 prospects in various stages of maturity representing less than 100 net acres under lease. 
 
 In choosing oil and gas prospects for the Company, the General Partner does not attempt to manage the risks of drilling through a policy of selecting diverse prospects in various geographic areas or with the potential of oil and gas production from different geological formations. Rather, substantially all prospects are expected to be located in the Appalachian Basin of Ohio and Pennsylvania and are to be drilled primarily to the Clinton/Medina Sands geological formation or closely related oil and gas formations in such area. The Company also has the right to participate in the development of certain wells in the Utica geological formation with various joint venture partners. In 2022, the Company elected to participate in the development of one well in the Utica geological formation. As of March 10, 2023, the well is still being developed and is not yet producing. 
 
 Acquisition of Producing Properties . As a potential means of increasing its reserve base, the Company expects to evaluate opportunities which it may be presented with to acquire oil and gas producing properties from third parties in addition to its ongoing leasehold acquisition and development activities. The Company did not acquire any producing oil and gas properties during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 The Company will continue to evaluate properties for acquisition. Such properties may include, in addition to working interests, royalty interests, net profit interests and production payments, other forms of direct or indirect ownership interests in oil and gas production, and properties associated with the production of oil and gas. The Company also may acquire general or limited partner interests in general or limited partnerships and interests in joint ventures, corporations or other entities that have, or are formed to acquire, explore for or develop, oil and gas or conduct other activities associated with the ownership of oil and gas production. 
 
 Funding for Activities . The Company has historically financed its current operations, including undeveloped leasehold acquisition activities, primarily through cash generated from operations and existing cash and equivalents. See MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - Results of Operations. 
 
 The Company is permitted to incur indebtedness for any partnership purpose. It is currently anticipated that any future indebtedness would consist primarily of borrowings from commercial banks. The Company and EEI had no new borrowings in 2021 or 2022 and no principal indebtedness was outstanding as of March 10, 2023. See MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

- 3 -

Table of Contents 

Although the Company s Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership dated as of February 10, 2010 (as amended from time to time, the Partnership Agreement does not contain any specific restrictions on borrowings, the Company has no specific plans to borrow for the acquisition of producing oil and gas properties or for any other purpose. See MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 The Company owns a significant amount of oil and gas reserves. The Company generally does not expect to borrow funds, from whatever source, in excess of 40 of its total value of proved developed reserves (as determined using the Company s Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows). However, there can be no assurance that the Company s future obligations and liabilities would not lead to borrowings in excess of such amount. Based upon its current business plan, management has no present intention to cause the Company to borrow in excess of this amount. The Company has estimated the value of proved and proved developed reserves, determined as of December 31, 2022, net of asset retirement obligations, which aggregate to 34,634,000 (Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows). 
 
 Marketing . The ability of the Company to market crude oil and natural gas found in and produced on its properties will depend on a number of factors beyond its control, and the impact of such factors, either individually or in the aggregate, cannot be anticipated or measured. These factors include, among others, the amount of domestic oil and gas production and foreign imports available from other sources, the capacity and proximity of pipelines, governmental regulations, and general market demand. 
 
 Crude Oil . Any crude oil produced from the properties can be sold at the prevailing field price to one or more of a number of unaffiliated purchasers in the area. Generally, purchase contracts for the sale of crude oil are cancelable on 30 days notice. The price paid by these purchasers is generally an established or posted price which is offered to all producers. Historically, posted prices in the areas where the Company s properties are located have generally been somewhat lower than the spot market prices. There have been substantial fluctuations in crude oil prices in recent years, including 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The price of crude oil in the Appalachian Basin has ranged from a low of 8.50 per barrel in December 1998 to a high of 138.00 in July 2008. As of March 10, 2023, 72.68 per barrel was the prevailing field price in the Appalachian Basin area, the Company s principal area of operation. There can be no assurance that prices will not be subject to continual fluctuations. Future crude oil prices are difficult to predict because of the impact of worldwide economic trends, supply and demand variables, and such non-economic factors as the disruption in global supply resulting from the conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions on Russia, political impact on pricing policies by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC ), governmental instability in foreign oil producing countries, energy and environmental policy of federal, state and local governments, and the possibility of other supply interruptions. To the extent the prices that the Company receives for its crude oil production decline, the Company s revenues from crude oil production will be reduced accordingly. 
 
 Since January 1993, the Company has sold substantially all of its crude oil production to one oil purchaser. 

- 4 -

Table of Contents 

Natural Gas . The deliverability and price of natural gas is subject to various factors affecting the supply and demand of natural gas as well as the effect of federal regulations. Prior to 2000, there had been a surplus of natural gas available for delivery to pipelines and other purchasers. During 2000, decreases in worldwide energy production capability and increases in energy consumption resulted in a shortage in natural gas supplies. This resulted in increases in natural gas prices throughout the United States, including the Appalachian Basin. During 2001, lower energy consumption and increased natural gas supplies reduced prices to historical levels. During the period from 2002 through the first half of 2008, shortages in natural gas supplies had resulted from increased energy consumption from industrial, commercial, residential and electric power usage. During the second half of 2008 and through 2016, excess natural gas supplies resulted from the combination of increased production from integrated and independent producers and decreased industrial and commercial energy consumption resulting from the global and United States financial crises and recession. During 2017 and through 2019, excess natural gas supplies were the continued result of increased production and production capacity from regional integrated and independent producers. During 2020, excess natural gas supplies were primarily the result of decreased industrial and commercial energy consumption resulting from global shutdowns related to COVID-19. During 2021 and through 2022, shortages in natural gas supplies were the continued result of increased industrial and commercial energy consumption following COVID-19, global supply chain issues, regulatory actions and executive orders issued by the federal government and decreased supply in Europe resulting from the conflict in Ukraine. This resulted in increases in natural gas prices throughout the United States, including the Appalachian Basin. From time to time, especially in summer months, seasonal restrictions on natural gas production have occurred as a result of distribution system restrictions. 
 
 Over the ten years prior to 2002, the Company had followed a practice of selling a significant portion of its natural gas pursuant to Intermediate Term Adjustable Price Gas Purchase Agreements (the East Ohio Contracts with one gas purchaser (the Major Gas Purchaser ). Pursuant to the East Ohio Contracts and subject to certain restrictions and adjustments, including termination clauses, the Major Gas Purchaser was obligated to purchase, and the Company was obligated to sell, all natural gas production from a specified list of wells. Pricing under the East Ohio Contracts was adjusted annually, up or down, by an amount equal to 80 of the increase or decrease in the Major Gas Purchaser s average Gas Cost Recovery rates. 
 
 Since 2002, the Company had multiple annual or biennial contracts with various gas purchasers, including the Major Gas Purchaser, which obligated the gas purchasers, including the Major Gas Purchaser, to purchase, and the Company to sell and deliver, certain quantities of natural gas production from the Company s oil and gas properties throughout the contract periods. The price paid for natural gas purchased by the gas purchasers varies based on quantities committed to by the Company from time to time. Natural gas sold under these contracts in excess of the committed quantities is sold at the month s closing price at Henry Hub, which is the location for pricing NYMEX, plus or minus regional basis adjustments, as per the contracts. These contracts are not considered derivatives, but have been designated as annual sales contracts as defined by generally accepted accounting principles. During 2022, natural gas purchased by the Major Gas Purchaser covered production from approximately 570 gross operated wells. See MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Commodity Pricing, Risk Management Activities and Inflation. 

- 5 -

Table of Contents 

Since the second half of 2013, the market price for natural gas in the Appalachian Basin has experienced a decline relative to the price at Henry Hub primarily as a result of regional basis adjustments resulting primarily from the increased supply of natural gas in the Ohio and Pennsylvania regions. Changes in the market price for natural gas, including regional basis, impact the Company s revenues, earnings and liquidity. The Company is unable to predict potential future movements in the market price for natural gas, including regional basis, and thus cannot predict the ultimate impact of prices on its operations. 
 
 During 2022, no one natural gas purchaser accounted for more than 10 of the Company s natural gas sales other than the Major Gas Purchaser, whose purchases of natural gas from operated wells accounted for approximately 79 of the Company s consolidated natural gas sales. The Company expects that the Major Gas Purchaser will be the only material natural gas purchaser during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Seasonality . During summer months, seasonal restrictions on natural gas production have sometimes occurred as a result of distribution system restrictions. These production restrictions, and the nature of the Company s business, can result in seasonal fluctuations in the Company s revenue, with the Company sometimes receiving more income in the first and fourth quarters of its fiscal year. 
 
 Title to Properties . As is customary in the oil and gas industry, the Company performs a limited investigation as to ownership of leasehold acreage at the time of acquisition and conducts a title examination and necessary curative work prior to the commencement of drilling operations on a tract. Title examinations have been performed for substantially all of the producing oil and gas properties owned by the Company with regard to (i) substantial tracts of land forming a portion of such oil and gas properties and (ii) the wellhead location of such properties. The Company believes that title to its properties is acceptable although such properties may be subject to royalty, overriding royalty, carried and other similar interests in contractual arrangements customary in the oil and gas industry. Also, such properties may be subject to liens incident to operating agreements and liens for current taxes not yet due, as well as other comparatively minor encumbrances. 
 
 Competition . The oil and gas industry is highly competitive in all its phases. The Company encounters strong competition from major and independent oil and gas companies in acquiring economically desirable prospects as well as in marketing production therefrom and obtaining external financing. Major oil and gas companies, independent concerns, drilling and production purchase programs and individual producers and operators are active bidders for desirable oil and gas properties, as well as the equipment and labor required to operate those properties. Many of the Company s competitors have financial resources, personnel and facilities substantially greater than those of the Company. 
 
 The availability of a ready market for the oil and gas production of the Company depends in part on the cost and availability of alternative fuels, the level of consumer demand, the extent of other domestic production of oil and gas, the extent of importation of foreign oil and gas, the cost of and proximity to pipelines and other transportation facilities, regulations by state and federal authorities and the cost of complying with applicable environmental regulations. The volatility of prices for oil and gas, and the continued oversupply of domestic natural gas have, at times, including 2022, resulted in a curtailment in exploration for and development of oil and gas properties. 

- 6 -

Table of Contents 

There is also extensive competition in the market for gas produced by the Company. Increases in energy consumption have at times brought about a shortage in energy supplies. This, in turn, has resulted in substantial competition for markets historically served by domestic natural gas resources both with alternate sources of energy, such as residual fuel oil, and among domestic gas suppliers. As a result, at times there has been volatility in crude oil and natural gas prices, widespread curtailment of gas production and delays in producing and marketing gas after it is discovered. Changes in government regulations relating to the production, transportation and marketing of natural gas have also resulted in significant changes in the historical marketing patterns of the industry. Generally, these changes have resulted in the abandonment by many pipelines of long-term contracts for the purchase of natural gas, the development by gas producers of their own marketing programs to take advantage of new regulations requiring pipelines to transport gas for regulated fees, and an increasing tendency to rely on short-term sales contracts priced at spot market prices. See Marketing appearing on page 4 herein. 
 
 Gas prices, which were once effectively determined by government regulations, are now influenced largely by the effects of competition. Competitors in this market include other producers, gas pipelines and their affiliated marketing companies, independent marketers, and providers of alternate energy supplies. 
 
 Regulation of Oil and Gas Industry . The exploration, production and sale of oil and natural gas are subject to numerous state and federal laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations govern a wide variety of matters, including the drilling and spacing of wells, allowable rates of production, marketing, pricing and protection of the environment. Such regulations may restrict the rate at which the Company s wells produce crude oil and natural gas below the rate at which such wells could produce in the absence of such regulations. In addition, legislation and regulations concerning the oil and gas industry are constantly being reviewed and proposed. Ohio and Pennsylvania, the states in which the Company owns properties and operates, have statutes and regulations governing a number of the matters enumerated above. Compliance with the laws and regulations affecting the oil and gas industry generally increases the Company s costs of doing business and consequently affects its profitability. Inasmuch as such laws and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted, the Company is unable to predict the future cost or impact of complying with such regulations. 
 
 The interstate transportation and sale for resale of natural gas is regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (the FERC under the Natural Gas Act of 1938. The wellhead price of natural gas is also regulated by the FERC under the authority of the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 NGPA ). Subsequently, the Natural Gas Wellhead Decontrol Act of 1989 (the Decontrol Act was enacted on July 26, 1989. The Decontrol Act provided for the phasing out of price regulation under the NGPA commencing on the date of enactment and completely eliminated all such gas price regulation on January 1, 1993. In addition, the FERC has adopted and proposed several rules or orders concerning transportation and marketing of natural gas. The impact of these rules and other regulatory developments on the Company cannot be predicted. It is expected that the Company will sell natural gas produced by its oil and gas properties to a number of purchasers, including various industrial customers, pipeline companies and local public utilities, although the majority of natural gas sales from operated wells will be sold to the Major Gas Purchaser as discussed earlier. 

- 7 -

Table of Contents 

As a result of the NGPA and the Decontrol Act, the Company s natural gas production is no longer subject to price regulation. Natural gas which has been removed from price regulation is subject only to that price contractually agreed upon between the producer and purchaser. Under current market conditions, deregulated gas prices under new contracts tend to be substantially lower than most regulated price ceilings originally prescribed by the NGPA. In addition to the deregulation of gas prices, the FERC has proposed and enacted several rules or orders concerning transportation and marketing of natural gas. In 1992, the FERC finalized Order 636, a rule pertaining to the restructuring of interstate pipeline services. This rule requires interstate pipelines to unbundle transportation and sales services by separately pricing the various components of their services, such as supply, gathering, transportation and sales. These pipeline companies are required to provide customers only the specific service desired without regard to the source for the purchase of the gas. Although the Company is not an interstate pipeline company, it is likely that this regulation may indirectly impact the Company by increasing competition in the marketing of natural gas. Regulation of the production, transportation and sale of oil and gas by federal and state agencies has a significant effect on the Company and its operating results. Certain states, including Ohio and Pennsylvania, have established rules and regulations requiring permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds and reports concerning the spacing of wells. The ultimate impact of these rules and other regulatory developments on the Company cannot be predicted. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, prices for either crude oil or natural gas have been regulated by the federal government, and such price regulation could be re-imposed at any time in the future. 
 
 Environmental Regulation . The activities of the Company are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect the environment. The Company does not conduct any offshore activities. Operations of the Company on onshore oil properties may generally be liable for clean-up costs to the federal government under the Federal Clean Water Act for up to 50,000,000 for each incident of oil or hazardous pollution substance contamination and for up to 50,000,000, plus response costs, under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 for hazardous substance contamination. Liability is unlimited in cases of willful negligence or misconduct, and there is no limit on liability for environmental clean-up costs or damages with respect to claims by the state or private persons or entities. In addition, the Company is required by the Environmental Protection Agency EPA to prepare and implement spill prevention control and countermeasure plans relating to the possible discharge of oil into navigable waters; and the EPA will further require permits to authorize the discharge of pollutants into navigable waters. State and local permits or approvals may also be needed with respect to waste-water discharges and air pollutant emissions. Violations of environment-related lease conditions or environmental permits can result in substantial civil and criminal penalties as well as potential court injunctions curtailing operations. Such enforcement liabilities can result from prosecution by public or private entities. 
 
 Various state and governmental agencies are considering, and some have adopted, other laws and regulations regarding environmental protection which could adversely affect the proposed business activities of the Company. The Company cannot predict what effect, if any, current and future regulations may have on the operations of the Company. 
 
 Operating Hazards and Uninsured Risks . The Company s crude oil and natural gas operations are subject to all operating hazards and risks normally incident to drilling for and producing crude oil and natural gas, such as encountering unusual formations and pressures, blow-outs, environmental pollution and personal injury. The Company maintains such insurance coverage as it believes to be appropriate taking into account the size of the Company and its operations. Losses can occur from an uninsurable risk or in amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage. The occurrence of an event which is not insured or not fully insured could have an adverse impact on the Company s revenues and earnings. 

- 8 -

Table of Contents 

In certain instances, the Company may continue to engage in exploration and development operations through drilling programs formed with non-industry investors. In addition, the Company will conduct a significant portion of its operations with other parties in connection with the drilling operations conducted on properties in which it has an interest. In these arrangements, all joint interest parties, including the Company, may be fully liable for their proportionate share of all costs of such operations. Further, if any joint interest party defaults on its obligations to pay its share of costs, the other joint interest parties may be required to fund the deficiency until, if ever, it can be collected from the defaulting party. As a result of the foregoing or similar oilfield circumstances, the Company could become liable for amounts significantly in excess of amounts originally anticipated to be expended in connection with such operations. In addition, financial difficulty for an operator of oil and gas properties could result in the Company s and other joint interest owners interests in properties and the wells and equipment located thereon becoming subject to liens and claims of creditors, notwithstanding the fact that non-defaulting joint interest owners and the Company may have previously paid to the operator the amounts necessary to pay their share of such costs and expenses. 
 
 Data Security Considerations . The Company has implemented data security measures and has not, to date, been subject to any material data security breaches, data loss or cyber-attacks. However, despite the Company s efforts to protect sensitive information and confidential and personal data, comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations and implement data security measures, the Company s facilities and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches and other data loss, including cyber-attacks. In addition, it is not possible to predict the impact on the Company s business of the future loss, alteration or misappropriation of information in the Company s possession related to the Company and EEI s employees, former employees, or others. This could lead to negative publicity, legal claims, theft, modification or destruction of proprietary information or key information, damage to or inaccessibility of critical systems, operational disruptions and other significant costs, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s revenues and earnings. 
 
 Hydraulic Fracturing. Many of the Company s exploration and production operations depend on the use of hydraulic fracturing to enhance production from oil and gas wells. This technology involves the injection of fluids - usually consisting mostly of water but typically including small amounts of several chemical additives - as well as sand into a well under high pressure in order to create fractures in the formation that allow oil or gas to flow more freely to the wellbore. Most of our wells would not be economical without the use of hydraulic fracturing to stimulate production from the well. Due to concerns raised relating to potential impacts of hydraulic fracturing on groundwater quality, legislative and regulatory efforts at the federal level and in some states have been initiated to render permitting and compliance requirements more stringent for hydraulic fracturing or prohibit the activity altogether. Such efforts could have an adverse effect on crude oil and natural gas production activities. 
 
 Conflicts of Interest . The Partnership Agreement grants the General Partner broad discretionary authority to make decisions on matters such as the Company s acquisition of or participation in a drilling prospect or a producing property. To limit the General Partner s management discretion might prevent it from managing the Company properly. However, because the business activities of the affiliates of the General Partner on the one hand and the Company on the other hand are the same, potential conflicts of interest are likely to exist, and it is not possible to completely mitigate such conflicts. 

- 9 -

Table of Contents 

The Partnership Agreement contains certain restrictions designed to mitigate, to the extent practicable, these conflicts of interest. The agreement restricts, among other things, (i) the cost at which the General Partner or its affiliates may acquire properties from or sell properties to the Company; (ii) loans between the General Partner, its affiliates and the Company, and interest and other charges incurred in connection therewith; and (iii) the use and handling of the Company s funds by the General Partner. 
 
 Employees . As of March 10, 2023, EEI had 17 full-time and 2 part-time employees. These employees are primarily engaged in the following areas of business operations: seven in general administration, five in field operations, five in accounting and two in land and lease administration. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Not a required disclosure for a Smaller Reporting Company. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None 

- 10 -

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Set forth below is certain information regarding the oil and gas properties of the Company which are located in the Appalachian Basin of Ohio and Pennsylvania. 
 
 In the following discussion, gross refers to the total acres or wells in which the Company has a working interest and net refers to gross acres or wells multiplied by the Company s percentage of working interests therein. Because royalty interests held by the Company will not affect the Company s working interests in its properties, neither gross nor net acres or wells reflect such royalty interests. 
 
 Natural Gas and Crude Oil Reserves. Proved reserves are the estimated quantities of crude oil and natural gas, which, by an analysis of geological and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations. Prices include consideration of changes in existing prices provided only by contractual arrangements, but not on escalations based upon future conditions. The estimated reserves include reserves attributable to the Company s direct ownership interests in crude oil and natural gas properties as well as the reserves attributable to the Company s percentage interests in crude oil and natural gas properties owned through joint ventures. All of the reserves are generally located in the Appalachian Basin region of Ohio and Pennsylvania. The Company bases its estimates of proved reserves on the 12-month un-weighted average price of the first-day-of-the-month price for each calendar month of the year preceding the evaluation date. The Company then applies any basis adjustments specifically applicable to each oil and gas property based on location and pricing details. The natural gas prices used in the estimation of proved reserves were 5.33 and 2.94 per MCF at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, and the crude oil prices used in the estimation of proved reserves were 90.29 and 63.16 per BBL at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Reserve estimates are imprecise and may change as additional information becomes available. Furthermore, estimates of natural gas and crude oil reserves are projections based on engineering data. There are uncertainties inherent in the interpretation of this data as well as the projection of future rates of production and the timing of development expenditures. Reservoir engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of natural gas and crude oil that cannot be measured in an exact way and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. 
 
 The preparation of the Company s natural gas and crude oil reserve estimates was completed in accordance with our prescribed internal control procedures, which include verification of input data delivered to the Company s third-party reserve specialist, as well as a multi-functional management review. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company retained Wright Company, Inc. Wright Company ), a third-party, independent petroleum engineering firm, to prepare a report of proved reserves. The reserves report included a detailed review of all of the Company s crude oil and natural gas properties. Wright Company s evaluation was based on more than 40 years of experience in the estimation of and evaluation of petroleum reserves, specified economic parameters, operating conditions, and government regulations applicable as of December 31, 2022. The Wright Company report, including the qualifications of the chief technical person responsible for the report, was prepared in accordance with generally accepted petroleum engineering and evaluation principles and is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

- 11 -

Table of Contents 

Reserves Reported to Other Agencies . There were no estimates of total, proved net oil or gas reserves filed with or included in reports to any other federal authority or agency during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Proved Reserves . (1) The following table reflects the estimates of the Company s proved reserves which are based on the Company s reserves report as of December 31, 2022. 

Oil (BBLS) 

Gas (MCF) 

Proved Developed 

398,000 

21,713,000 

Proved Undeveloped 

- 

- 

Total 

398,000 

21,713,000 

(1) 
 The Company has not determined proved reserves associated with its proved and other undeveloped properties, including its deep property interests, at December 31, 2022. A reconciliation of the Company s proved reserves is included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Production . The following table summarizes the net crude oil and natural gas production, average sales prices and average production (lifting) costs per equivalent unit of production for 2022 and 2021. 

Average 

Production 

Sales Price 

Average Lifting Cost 

Oil (BBLS) 

Gas (MCF) 

per BBL 

per MCF 

per Equivalent MCF (1) 

2022 

34,000 

1,880,000 

91.46 

5.66 

1.16 

2021 

36,000 

2,053,000 

64.46 

3.28 

1.01 

(1) 
 Oil production is converted to MCF equivalents at the rate of 6 MCF per BBL. 

Productive Wells . The following table sets forth the gross and net oil and gas wells of the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

Gross Wells 

Net Wells 

(1) 

(1) 

(1) 

(1) 

Oil 

Gas 

Total 

Oil 

Gas 

Total 

218 

876 

1,094 

125 

573 

698 

(1) 
 Oil wells are those wells which generated the majority of their revenues from crude oil production during 2022; gas wells are those wells which generated the majority of their revenues from natural gas production during 2022. 

- 12 -

Table of Contents 

Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows. (1) The following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2022, the oil and gas reserves attributable to the oil and gas properties owned by the Company. The determination of the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows as set forth herein is based on criteria promulgated by the SEC, using calculations based solely on proved reserves, current un-escalated costs, prices based on the 12-month average of the first day of the month price for each month in the year ended December 31, 2022, discounted to present value at 10 . 

(Thousands) 

Future cash inflows from sales of oil and gas 

151,683 

Future production and development costs 

(66,461) 

Future asset retirement obligations, net of salvage 

(18,056) 

Future income tax expense 

(1,109) 

Future net cash flows 

66,057 

Effect of discounting future net cash flows at 10 per annum 

(31,423) 

Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows 

34,634 

(1) 
 See the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Acreage . The Company had approximately 44,400 gross developed acres and 30,000 net developed acres as of December 31, 2022. Developed acreage is that acreage assignable to productive wells. The Company had less than 100 gross and net unproved acres at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Drilling Activity . The following table sets forth the results of drilling activities during 2022. The Company was not involved in any drilling activities during 2021. Such information and the results of prior drilling activities should not be considered as necessarily indicative of future activities. 

Development Wells (1) 

Productive (2) 

Dry (2) 

Gross 

Net 

Gross 

Net 

2022 

1.00 

0.30 

- 

- 

(1) 
 All wells are located in the United States. All wells are development wells. No exploratory wells were drilled. 

(2) 
 A productive well is any well that is not a dry well. A dry well is a well that proves to be incapable of producing either oil or gas in sufficient quantities to justify completion as an oil and gas well. Completion refers to installation of permanent equipment for production of oil and gas, or, in the case of a dry well, to reporting to the appropriate authority that the well has been abandoned. All wells drilled were completed during the fiscal year, regardless of when drilling was initiated. 

- 13 -

Table of Contents 

Present Activities . Since December 31, 2022, the Company elected to participate in the development of one well. As of March 10, 2023, the well is still being developed and is not yet producing. 
 
 Delivery Commitments . The Company has entered into various contracts with the Major Gas Purchaser, which, subject to certain restrictions and adjustments, obligate the Major Gas Purchaser to purchase and the Company to sell and deliver all natural gas production from certain operated contract wells. These operated contract wells comprised approximately 79 of the Company s consolidated natural gas sales during 2022. In addition, the Company has entered into other various short-term contracts which obligate the purchasers to purchase and the Company to sell and deliver undetermined quantities of natural gas production on a monthly basis throughout the term of the contracts. 
 
 Company Headquarters . The Company owns an approximately 6,400 square foot building located in Canfield, Ohio. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or to which any of its property is subject. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL ITEM INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The executive officers of EEI and EMC as of March 10, 2023 are as follows: Brian A. Staebler, 48, President and Principal Executive Officer and director; Michael W. Rathburn, 39, Vice President, Secretary-Treasurer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and director; William A. Siskovic, 67, Vice President and Principal Operations Officer and director. The executive officers of EEI and EMC have served their respective positions since March 2021. 

- 14 -

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market 
 
 There is currently no established public trading market for the Units. At the present time, the Company does not intend to list any of the Units for trading on any exchange or otherwise take any action to establish any market for the Units. As of March 10, 2023, there were 5,243,119 Units held by 1,179 holders of record. 
 
 Distribution History 
 
 The Company commenced operations with the consummation of the Exchange Offer in February 1991. Management s stated intention was to make quarterly cash distributions equal to 0.125 per Unit (or 0.50 per Unit on an annualized basis) for the first eight quarters following the closing date of the Exchange Offer. The Company paid a quarterly distribution every quarter from July 1991 through October 2015. The Company paid total cash distributions equal to 0.25 per Unit in 2020 and 1.00 per Unit in 2022. The Company did not make a cash distribution in 2021. The Company intends to make a cash distribution equal to 0.50 per Unit in April 2023. 
 
 Repurchase Right 
 
 The Partnership Agreement provides that beginning in 1992 and annually thereafter the Company offers to repurchase for cash up to 10 of the then outstanding Units, to the extent Holders offer Units to the Company for repurchase (the Repurchase Right ). The Repurchase Right entitles any Holder(s), between May 1 and June 30 of each year, to notify the Company that the Holder(s) elects to exercise the Repurchase Right and have the Company acquire certain or all Units. The Company accepted an aggregate of 137,455 of its Units of limited partnership interest at a price of 0.36 per Unit pursuant to the terms of the Company s Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2021. The Company accepted an aggregate of 121,354 of its Units of limited partnership interest at a price of 2.51 per Unit pursuant to the terms of the Company s Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2022. The Company has determined that the price associated with the 2023 Repurchase Right, based upon the December 31, 2022 calculation, is estimated to be 6.36 per Unit. See Note 3 in the Company s consolidated financial statements for additional information on the Repurchase Right. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

- 15 -

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 General 
 
 The Company was organized in September 1990 as a limited partnership under the laws of the State of Delaware. Everflow Management Limited, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company, is the general partner of the Company. The Company was formed to engage in the business of oil and gas acquisition, exploration, development and production through a proposed consolidation of the business and oil and gas properties of EEI, and the oil and gas properties owned by certain limited partnerships and working interest programs managed or operated by the Programs. 
 
 Effective February 15, 1991, pursuant to the Exchange Offer to acquire the EEI shares and the Interests in exchange for Units of the Company s limited partnership interest, the Company acquired the Interests and the EEI Shares and EEI became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 The General Partner is a limited liability company, Everflow Management Limited LLC EML ). The members of the General Partner are Everflow Management Corporation, an Ohio Corporation ("EMC"); three individuals who are officers and directors of EEI, Brian A. Staebler, Michael W. Rathburn and William A. Siskovic and one individual who serves as the Chairman of the Board of EEI, Thomas L. Korner. 

- 16 -

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Financial Position 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s financial position at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amount 

Amount 

(Amounts in Thousands) 

(Amounts in Thousands) 

Working capital 

37,177 

82 

33,498 

83 

Property and equipment (net) 

8,026 

18 

6,806 

17 

Other 

255 

- 

210 

- 

Total 

45,458 

100 

40,514 

100 

Long-term liabilities 

18,632 

41 

17,196 

42 

Partners' equity 

26,826 

59 

23,318 

58 

Total 

45,458 

100 

40,514 

100 

Working capital surplus of 37.2 million as of December 31, 2022 represented a 3.7 million increase from December 31, 2021 due primarily to increases in cash and equivalents and investments, offset somewhat by an increase in accounts payable. The increase in cash and equivalents is primarily the result of cash provided by operating activities during 2022, offset somewhat by cash used in investing and financing activities. The increase in investments is primarily the result of additional purchases of shares in a mutual fund that invests primarily in investment grade, short-term fixed and floating rate debt securities. The increase in accounts payable is primarily the result of an increase in production and related other payables. 
 
 Property and equipment of 8.0 million as of December 31, 2022 represented a 1.2 million increase from December 31, 2021 due primarily to 1.7 million of additions to property and equipment, 1.3 million of which resulted from revisions of cash flows related to asset retirement obligations as measured at December 31, 2022, offset somewhat by 440,000 of depreciation, depletion and amortization DD A recognized during 2022. 
 
 Long-term liabilities of 18.6 million as of December 31, 2022 represented a 1.4 million increase from December 31, 2021 due primarily to a 1.3 million increase in asset retirement obligations. The increase in asset retirement obligations is primarily attributed to 1.3 million of revisions of cash flows measured at December 31, 2022. 

- 17 -

Table of Contents 

In 2021 and 2022, the Company has had no new borrowings or credit facility with a bank. The Company expects to have adequate cash available to fund the Repurchase Right in 2023. As a result, additional financing will not likely be required in the event the Repurchase Right is fully subscribed. In the event that additional financing is necessary to fund the Repurchase Right, the Company would likely enter into a commitment for a new line of credit. The Company cannot provide any assurance as to the availability of any such line of credit under current market conditions. As further discussed below, the Company expects existing cash and equivalents and cash flows from ongoing operations to meet short-term cash requirements. 

- 18 -

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by the Company s operating activities and existing cash and equivalents were used in investing and financing activities during 2022 and 2021. The following table summarizes the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Dollars 

Dollars 

(Amounts in Thousands) 

(Amounts in Thousands) 

Operating Activities: 

Net income before adjustments 

9,093 

91 

5,698 

103 

Adjustments 

720 

7 

(154) 

(3) 

Cash flow from operations before working capital changes 

9,813 

98 

5,544 

100 

Changes in working capital 

203 

2 

(1,546) 

(28) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

10,016 

100 

3,998 

72 

Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investments 

(3,330) 

(33) 

(2,097) 

(38) 

Purchase of property and equipment 

(382) 

(4) 

(142) 

(2) 

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 

36 

- 

435 

8 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(3,676) 

(37) 

(1,804) 

(32) 

Financing Activities: 

Distributions 

(5,356) 

(53) 

- 

- 

Repurchase of Units 

(304) 

(3) 

(50) 

(1) 

Proceeds from options exercised 

75 

1 

11 

- 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(5,585) 

(55) 

(39) 

(1) 

Net change in cash and equivalents 

755 

8 

2,155 

39 

Note: All items in the previous table are calculated as a percentage of total cash sources. Total cash sources include the following items, if positive: cash flow from operations before working capital changes, changes in working capital, net cash provided by investing activities and net cash provided by financing activities, plus any decrease in cash and equivalents. 

- 19 -

Table of Contents 

As the above table indicates, the Company s cash flow from operations before working capital changes of 9.8 million represented 98 of total cash sources provided during 2022, and the Company s cash flow from operations before working capital changes of 5.5 million represented 100 of total cash sources provided during 2021. The increase in cash flow from operations before working capital changes in 2022, as compared to the prior comparable period, was primarily due to more crude oil and natural gas sales, net of increased production costs recognized during 2022 as compared to 2021. Changes in working capital other than cash and equivalents increased cash by 203,000 during 2022 and decreased cash by 1.5 million during 2021. The 203,000 in cash provided by changes in working capital other than cash and equivalents in 2022 was primarily the result of an increase in accounts payable, offset somewhat by an increase in production accounts receivable. The increase in accounts payable was primarily the result of an increase in production and related other payables. The increase in production accounts receivable is primarily the combined result of higher average natural gas and crude oil prices received, offset somewhat by a decrease in natural gas volumes produced and crude oil volumes shipped during the current receivable period as compared to the prior comparable period. The decrease in natural gas volumes produced and crude oil volumes shipped is primarily the result of normal production decline associated with existing oil and gas properties during the current receivable period as compared to the prior comparable period. 
 
 The Company used cash in investing activities of 3.7 million and 1.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 1.9 million increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily the result of additional cash used for purchases of investments and additional purchases of property and equipment made in 2022 as compared to those made in the prior comparable period, offset somewhat by less proceeds from disposal of property and equipment in 2022 as compared to the prior comparable period. 
 
 The Company used cash in financing activities of 5.6 million and 39,000 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 5.6 million increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily the result of cash distributions paid to Unitholders in 2022 as compared to no cash distributions paid in the prior comparable period. 
 
 The Company s ending cash and equivalents balance of 13.2 million at December 31, 2022, as well as on-going monthly operating cash flows, should be adequate to meet short-term cash requirements. The Company intends to make a 0.50 per Unit cash distribution in April 2023. 
 
 The Company participated in the drilling of one new oil and gas property in 2022. The Company s share of proved gas reserves increased by 5.6 BCF, or 34 , between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, while proved oil reserves increased by 62,000 BBLS, or 18 , between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows of the Company s reserves increased by 27.8 million between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The primary reasons for this increase were due to increases in average natural gas and crude oil prices in 2022, as compared to the prior comparable period, and the related upward revisions in quantities of natural gas and crude oil reserves between December 31, 2021 and 2022. 

- 20 -

Table of Contents 

The Partnership Agreement provides that the Company annually offers to repurchase for cash up to 10 of the then outstanding Units, to the extent Unitholders offer Units to the Company for repurchase pursuant to the Repurchase Right. The Repurchase Right entitles any Unitholder, between May 1 and June 30 of each year, to notify the Company of his or her election to exercise the Repurchase Right and have the Company acquire such Units. The price to be paid for any such Units will be calculated based upon the audited financial statements of the Company as of December 31 of the year prior to the year in which the Repurchase Right is to be effective and independently prepared reserve reports. The price per Unit will be equal to 66 of the adjusted book value of the Company allocable to the Units, divided by the number of Units outstanding at the beginning of the year in which the applicable Repurchase Right is to be effective less all Interim Cash Distributions received by a Unitholder. The adjusted book value is calculated by adding partner s equity, the Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows and the tax effect included in the Standardized Measure and subtracting from that sum the carrying value of oil and gas properties, net of undeveloped lease costs. If more than 10 of the then outstanding Units are tendered during any period during which the Repurchase Right is to be effective, the Investor s Units so tendered shall be prorated for purposes of calculating the actual number of Units to be acquired during any such period. The Company accepted an aggregate of 137,455 of its Units of limited partnership interest at a price of 0.36 per Unit pursuant to the terms of the Company s Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2021. The Company accepted an aggregate of 121,354 of its Units of limited partnership interest at a price of 2.51 per Unit pursuant to the terms of the Company s Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2022. The Company has determined that the price associated with the 2023 Repurchase Right, based upon the December 31, 2022 calculation, is estimated to be 6.36 per Unit, net of a 0.50 per Unit distribution expected to be made in April 2023. 

- 21 -

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table and discussion is a review of the results of operations of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All items in the table are calculated as a percentage of total revenues. This table should be read in conjunction with the discussions of each item below: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Crude oil and natural gas sales 

96 

94 

Well management and operating 

4 

6 

Total revenues 

100 

100 

Expenses: 

Production costs 

17 

24 

Well management and operating 

2 

4 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

2 

4 

Accretion expense 

1 

2 

General and administrative expense 

16 

21 

Total expenses 

38 

55 

Other income 

2 

13 

Income tax benefit 

- 

1 

Net income 

64 

59 

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 4.7 million, or 49 , compared to the prior comparable period. This increase was due primarily to an increase in crude oil and natural gas sales during 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 
 Crude oil and natural gas sales increased 4.7 million, or 51 , from 2021 to 2022. This increase was due primarily to higher average natural gas and crude oil prices received during 2022 as compared to 2021, offset somewhat by decreases in crude oil and natural gas volumes produced. The Company s natural gas production decreased by 173,000 MCF, or 8 , while crude oil production decreased by 2,000 BBLS, or 6 , from 2021 to 2022. The primary reasons for the decrease in crude oil and natural gas volumes produced during 2022 as compared to 2021 were the result of normal production decline associated with existing oil and gas properties. The average price received per MCF of natural gas increased from 3.28 in 2021 to 5.66 in 2022. The average price received per BBL of crude oil increased from 64.46 in 2021 to 91.46 in 2022. Natural gas sales accounted for 78 and 74 of total crude oil and natural gas sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 22 -

Table of Contents 

Other income decreased 908,000, or 73 , from 2021 to 2022. The primary reasons for the decrease were the result of a decrease in gain on disposal of property and equipment and forgiveness of a PPP loan during 2022 as compared to the prior comparable year, offset somewhat by an increase in investment income. The increase in investment income is primarily due to the Company having earned more dividends and having recognized less unrealized losses on its investments during 2022 as compared to the prior comparable period. 
 
 The Company reported net income of 9.1 million and 5.7 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing 64 and 59 of total revenues during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The primary reasons for the increase in reported net income are increases in crude oil and natural gas sales, offset somewhat by a decrease in other income. 
 
 Application of Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Property and Equipment . The Company uses the successful efforts method of accounting for oil and gas exploration and production activities. Under successful efforts, costs to acquire mineral interests in oil and gas properties and to drill and equip development wells are initially capitalized. Costs of development wells (on properties the Company has no further interest in) that do not find proved reserves and geological and geophysical costs are expensed. The Company has not participated in exploratory drilling and owns no interest in unproved properties. 
 
 Capitalized costs of proved properties, after considering estimated dismantlement and abandonment costs and estimated salvage values, are amortized by the unit-of-production method based upon estimated proved developed reserves. Depletion, depreciation and amortization on proved properties amounted to 288,000 and 300,000 during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 On sale or retirement of a unit of a proved property (which generally constitutes the amortization base), the cost and related accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and write down are eliminated from the property accounts, and the resultant gain or loss is recognized. 
 
 The Company evaluates its crude oil and natural gas properties for impairment annually. Generally accepted accounting principles require that long-lived assets (including crude oil and natural gas properties) and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company utilizes a field by field basis for assessing impairment of its oil and gas properties. 
 
 Management of the Company believes that the accounting estimate related to crude oil and natural gas property impairment is a critical accounting estimate because it is highly susceptible to change from year to year. It requires the use of crude oil and natural gas reserve estimates that are directly impacted by future crude oil and natural gas prices and future production volumes. Actual crude oil and natural gas prices have fluctuated in the past and are likely to do so in the future. 
 
 Crude oil and natural gas reserve estimates are prepared annually based on existing contractual arrangements and current market conditions. Any increases in estimated future cash flows would have no impact on the reported value of the Company s crude oil and natural gas properties. In contrast, decreases in estimated future cash flows could require the recognition of an impairment loss equal to the difference between the estimated fair value of the crude oil and natural gas properties (determined by calculating the discounted value of the estimated future cash flows) and the carrying amount of the crude oil and natural gas properties. Any impairment loss would reduce property and equipment as well as total assets of the Company. An impairment loss would also decrease net income or increase net loss. The Company did not recognize any impairment during 2022 or 2021. 

- 23 -

Table of Contents 

Asset Retirement Obligations . The Company follows generally accepted accounting principles which require the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation to be recognized in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. For the Company, these obligations include dismantlement, plugging and abandonment of crude oil and natural gas wells and associated pipelines and equipment. The associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its then present value each period, and the capitalized cost is depleted over the estimated useful life of the related asset. 
 
 The estimated liability is based on historical experience in dismantling, plugging and abandoning wells, estimated remaining lives of those wells based on reserves estimates, estimates of the external cost to dismantle, plug and abandon the wells in the future and federal and state regulatory requirements. The liability is discounted using an assumed credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. Revisions to the liability will likely occur due to: changes in estimates of dismantlement, plugging and abandonment costs; changes in estimated remaining lives of the wells; changes in federal or state regulations regarding dismantlement, plugging and abandonment requirements; and other factors. At December 31, 2022, the Company made revisions in estimates of plugging costs, lives of wells and the inflation rate. The revisions increased the liability by 1.3 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company has no assets legally restricted for purposes of settling its asset retirement obligations. The Company has determined that there are no other material retirement obligations associated with tangible long-lived assets. 
 
 Revenue Recognition . The Company recognizes crude oil and natural gas revenues when production is sold to a purchaser at a fixed or determinable price, when delivery has occurred, title and risk of loss have transferred to the purchaser, and collectability of the revenue is reasonably assured. The Company utilizes the sales method to account for gas production volume imbalances. Under this method, revenue is recognized only when gas is produced and sold on the Company s behalf. The Company had no material gas imbalances at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Other revenues consist of miscellaneous revenues that are recognized at the time services are rendered, the Company has a contractual right to such revenue and collection is reasonably assured. 
 
 The Company participates (and may act as drilling contractor) with unaffiliated joint venture partners and employees in the drilling, development and operation of jointly owned crude oil and natural gas properties. Each owner, including the Company, has an undivided interest in the jointly owned properties. Generally, the joint venture partners and employees participate on the same drilling/development cost basis as the Company and, therefore, no revenue, expense or income is recognized on the drilling and development of the properties. The Company receives reimbursement of administrative costs associated with preparation, drilling and development of jointly owned crude oil and natural gas properties from certain joint venture partners. Accounts receivable from joint venture partners, if applicable, consist principally of drilling and development costs the Company has advanced or incurred on behalf of joint venture partners. Accounts payable to joint venture partners consist principally of deposits received from joint venture partners for drilling and development costs. The Company earns and receives monthly management and operating fees from certain joint venture partners and employees after the properties are completed and placed into production. 

- 24 -

Table of Contents 

Commodity Pricing, Risk Management Activities and Inflation 
 
 The Company s revenues, operating results, financial condition and ability to borrow funds or obtain additional capital depend substantially on prevailing prices for natural gas and crude oil. Declines in oil and gas prices may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, liquidity, ability to obtain financing and operating results. Lower oil and gas prices also may reduce the amount of oil and gas that the Company can produce economically. Historically, oil and gas prices and markets have been volatile, with prices fluctuating widely, and they are likely to continue to be volatile. Depressed prices in the future would have a negative impact on the Company s future financial results. In particular, substantially lower prices would significantly reduce revenue, potentially increase depletion, depreciation and amortization and potentially trigger impairment under generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 The majority of the Company s production is sold at market responsive prices. Generally, if the related commodity index falls, the price received for the Company s production will also decline. Therefore, the amount of revenue the Company realizes is partially determined by factors beyond the Company s control. However, management has in recent years and may in the future mitigate this price risk on a portion of the Company s anticipated production by shutting-in wells during certain periods of depressed natural gas prices in an attempt to hold production for the future when natural gas prices have recovered. Under this arrangement, there is also a risk that natural gas prices will not recover and that the production of future volumes will be sold at the same depressed or potentially further depressed natural gas prices. 
 
 While the cost of operations is impacted by inflation, crude oil and natural gas prices have fluctuated in recent years and generally have not matched inflation. The price of crude oil in the Appalachian Basin has ranged from a low of 8.50 per barrel in December 1998 to a high of 138.00 in July 2008. As of March 10, 2023, 72.68 per barrel was the prevailing field price in the Appalachian Basin area, the Company s principal area of operation. 
 
 Natural gas prices have also fluctuated more recently. The Company s average price of natural gas during 2022 was 5.66 per MCF, an increase of 2.38 per MCF as compared to 2021. The Company s average price of natural gas during 2021 was 3.28 per MCF, an increase of 1.43 per MCF as compared to 2020. The Company s average price of natural gas during 2020 was 1.85 per MCF, a decrease of 0.94 per MCF as compared to 2019. The Company s average price of natural gas during 2019 was 2.79 per MCF, an increase of 0.02 per MCF as compared to 2018. The price of natural gas in the Appalachian Basin increased significantly throughout 2005 and reached a high of more than 14.00 per MCF in October and November 2005. More recently, the price for Henry Hub Natural Gas on the NYMEX settled for the month of March 2023 at 2.45 per MCF and the regional basis adjustment settled for the month of March 2023 at (0.42) per MCF, resulting in a net regional market price of 2.03 per MCF. Since 2002, the Company has had and continues to have multiple annual or biennial contracts with various purchasers of natural gas, which obligate certain purchasers to purchase, and the Company to sell and deliver, certain quantities of natural gas production from the Company s oil and gas properties throughout the contract periods. 

- 25 -

Table of Contents 

The Company s sales are significantly impacted by pricing instability in the crude oil and natural gas markets. One of the consequences of these pricing fluctuations is evident in the Company s Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows, decreasing from (8.2) million at December 31, 2015 to (9.9) million at December 31, 2016, increasing to (5.1) million at December 31, 2017, increasing to 4.4 million at December 31, 2018, decreasing to (2.5) million at December 31, 2019, decreasing to (8.6) million at December 31, 2020, increasing to 6.8 million at December 31, 2021 and increasing to 34.6 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows increased by 27.8 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. A reconciliation of the Changes in the Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows is included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not a required disclosure for a Smaller Reporting Company. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 See attached pages F-1 to F-23. 

- 26 -

Table of Contents 

EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L. P. 
 
 2022 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT 

F-1

Table of Contents 

EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L. P. 
 
 CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-3 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated balance sheets 
 F-5 

Consolidated statements of operations 
 F-7 

Consolidated statements of partners' equity 
 F-8 

Consolidated statements of cash flows 
 F-9 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-10 

F-2

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Partners 
 Everflow Eastern Partners, L. P. 
 Canfield, Ohio 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Everflow Eastern Partners, L. P. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, partners' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Everflow Eastern Partners, L. P. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis of Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F-3

Table of Contents 

Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 At December 31, 2022, asset retirement obligations ("ARO") totaled approximately, 16 million. As further described in Note 1G, the Company s ARO reflects the estimated present value of its obligations, for dismantlement, plugging and abandonment of crude oil and natural gas wells and associated pipelines and equipment. The estimation of the ARO requires significant judgment given the magnitude of the expected retirement costs and higher estimation uncertainty related to the timing of settlements and settlement amounts. Auditing the Company s ARO is complex and highly judgmental because of the significant estimation required by management in determining the obligation. In particular, the estimate was sensitive to significant subjective assumptions such as retirement cost estimates and the estimated timing of settlements, which are both affected by expectations about future market and economic conditions. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the Company s internal controls over its ARO estimation process, including management s review of the significant assumptions that have a material effect on the determination of the obligations. To test the ARO, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the significant assumptions and inputs used in the valuation, such as retirement cost estimates and timing of settlement assumptions. For example, we evaluated retirement cost estimates by comparing the Company s estimates to its recent costs to retire wells. Additionally, we compared assumptions for the timing of settlements to production forecasts and tested the mathematical accuracy of the ARO calculations. 

/s/ Maloney + Novotny LLC 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1988. 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 March 24, 2023 

F-4

Table of Contents 

EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L. P. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 2022 2021 
 ASSETS 
 
 CURRENT ASSETS 
 Cash and equivalents 
 Investments 
 Production accounts receivable 
 Other 
 Total current assets 
 
 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
 Proved properties (successful efforts accounting method) 
 Pipeline and support equipment 
 Corporate and other 
 Gross property and equipment 
 Less accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and write down 
 Net property and equipment 
 
 OTHER ASSETS 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L. P. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 2022 2021 
 LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' EQUITY 
 
 CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 OPERATIONAL ADVANCES 
 
 ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS 
 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - - 
 
 LIMITED PARTNERS' EQUITY, SUBJECT TO REPURCHASE RIGHT 
 Authorized - 8,000,000 Units 
 Issued and outstanding - 5,243,119 and 5,334,473 Units, respectively 
 
 GENERAL PARTNER'S EQUITY 
 Total partners' equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-6

Table of Contents 

EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 2022 2021 
 REVENUES 
 Crude oil and natural gas sales 
 Well management and operating 
 Other 
 Total revenues 
 
 DIRECT COST OF REVENUES 
 Production costs 
 Well management and operating 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 Accretion expense 
 Total direct cost of revenues 
 
 GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE 
 Total cost of revenues 
 
 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
 
 OTHER INCOME 
 Investment income 
 Gain on disposal of property and equipment 
 Forgiveness of loan 
 Total other income 
 
 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 
 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT) 
 Current 
 Deferred 
 Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 NET INCOME 
 
 Allocation of Partnership Net Income: 
 Limited Partners 
 General Partner 
 
 Net income 
 
 Net income per unit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-7

Table of Contents 

EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS' EQUITY 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 2022 2021 

PARTNERS' EQUITY BEGINNING OF YEAR 
 
 Net income 
 
 Cash distributions 1.00 per unit in 2022) 
 
 Repurchase of Units 
 
 Options exercised 

PARTNERS' EQUITY END OF YEAR 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-8

Table of Contents 

EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 2022 2021 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 Accretion expense 
 Unrealized loss on investments 
 Gain on disposal of property and equipment 
 Forgiveness of loan 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 Production accounts receivable 
 Other current assets 
 Other assets 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses 
 Operational advances 
 Total adjustments 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Purchase of investments 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Distributions 
 Repurchase of Units 
 Proceeds from options exercised 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 NET CHANGE IN CASH AND EQUIVALENTS 
 
 CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 
 
 CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-9

Table of Contents 

EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L. P.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

assets other than its general partner's interest in Everflow, nor does it have any liabilities. In addition, EML has separate operations or role apart from its role as Everflow's general partner. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Everflow, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including EEI, and interests with joint venture partners (collectively, the "Company"), which are accounted for under the proportional consolidation method. All significant accounts and transactions between the consolidated entities have been eliminated. 
 - days after the month of delivery of its product. Consequently, accounts receivable from production and crude oil and natural gas sales are recorded using estimated production volumes and market or contract prices. Differences between estimated and actual amounts are recorded in subsequent periods financial results. As is typical in the oil and gas industry, a significant portion of the Company's accounts receivable from production and crude oil and natural gas sales consists of unbilled receivables. Oil and gas reserve quantities are utilized in the calculation of depreciation, depletion and amortization and the impairment of crude oil and natural gas properties and also impact the timing and costs associated with asset retirement obligations. The Company's estimates, especially those related to oil and gas reserves, could change in the near term and could significantly impact the Company's results of operations and financial position. 

and of operational advances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are funds collected and held on behalf of joint venture partners for their anticipated share of future plugging and abandonment costs. Operational advances held on behalf of joint venture partners include approximately and held on behalf of employees, including officers and directors, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 On sale or retirement of a unit of a proved property (which generally constitutes the amortization base), the cost and related accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and write down are eliminated from the property accounts, and the resultant gain or loss is recognized. 
 
 Generally accepted accounting principles require that long-lived assets (including oil and gas properties) and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company, at least annually, reviews its proved crude oil and natural gas properties (on a field by field basis) for impairment by comparing the carrying value of its properties to the properties' undiscounted estimated future net cash flows. Estimates of future crude oil and natural gas prices, operating costs, and production are utilized in determining undiscounted future net cash flows. The estimated future production of oil and gas reserves is based upon the Company's independent reserve engineer's estimate of proved reserves which includes assumptions regarding field decline rates and future prices and costs. For properties where the carrying value exceeds undiscounted future net cash flows, the Company recognizes as impairment the difference between the carrying value and fair market value of the properties. The Company determines fair market value, using the income approach, as the properties discounted estimated future net cash flows. The key assumptions above are not observable in the market and, therefore, the fair value of the oil and gas properties is classified as Level III. The Company did not write down any crude oil and natural gas properties during 2022 or 2021. 

Pipeline and support equipment and other corporate property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated principally on the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives (pipeline and support equipment - to years, other corporate equipment - to years, building and improvements - to years). Depreciation on pipeline and support equipment amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation on other corporate property and equipment, included in general and administrative expense, amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Maintenance and repairs of property and equipment are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and improvements are capitalized, and the assets replaced are retired. 
 of gains associated with non-cash settlements of asset retirement obligations during 2021. 

The schedule below is a reconciliation of the Company's liability for the years ended December 31: 

Liabilities incurred 
 Liabilities settled 
 Accretion expense 
 Revision of estimated cash flows 
 
 End of period 

The Company utilizes the sales method to account for gas production volume imbalances. Under this method, revenue is recognized only when gas is produced and sold on the Company s behalf. The Company had material gas imbalances at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company frequently participates (and may act as drilling contractor) with affiliated and unaffiliated joint venture partners and certain employees, officers and directors in the drilling, development and operation of jointly owned oil and gas properties. Each owner, including the Company, has an undivided interest in the jointly owned properties. Generally, the joint venture partners, employees, officers and directors participate on the same drilling/development cost basis as the Company and, therefore, no revenue, expense or income is recognized on the drilling and development of the properties. Well management and operating revenues are derived from a variety of both verbal and written operating agreements with joint venture partners, and are recognized monthly as services are provided and properties are managed and operated. Other revenues consist of miscellaneous revenues that are recognized at the time services are rendered, the Company has a contractual right to such revenue and collection is reasonably assured. 

The Company believes that it has appropriate support for any tax positions taken and, as such, does not have any uncertain tax positions that are material to the financial statements. 
 of revenues and costs were allocated to the Unitholders (the limited partners) and of revenues and costs were allocated to the general partner. Such allocation has changed and may change in the future as Unitholders elect to exercise the Repurchase Right and select officers and employees elect to exercise options (See Note 3 ). 

Net income per limited partner Unit has been computed based on the weighted average number of Units outstanding during each year presented. 

Other 
 
 Total accounts payable 
 
 Accrued Expenses: 
 Payroll and retirement plan contributions 
 Current portion of asset retirement obligations 
 Other general and administrative 
 Federal, state and local taxes 
 
 Total accrued expenses 

of the then outstanding Units, to the extent Unitholders offer Units to Everflow for repurchase pursuant to the Repurchase Right. The Repurchase Right entitles any Unitholder, between May 1 and June 30 of each year, to notify Everflow that the Unitholder elects to exercise the Repurchase Right and have Everflow acquire certain or all Units. The price to be paid for any such Units is calculated based upon the audited financial statements of the Company as of December 31 of the year prior to the year in which the Repurchase Right is to be effective and independently prepared reserve reports. The price per Unit equals of the adjusted book value of the Company allocable to the Units, divided by the number of Units outstanding at the beginning of the year in which the applicable Repurchase Right is to be effective less all interim cash distributions received by a Unitholder. The adjusted book value is calculated by adding partners' equity, the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows and the tax effect included in the standardized measure and subtracting from that sum the carrying value of oil and gas properties (net of undeveloped lease costs). If more than of the then outstanding Units are tendered during any period during which the Repurchase Right is to be effective, the investors' Units tendered shall be prorated for purposes of calculating the actual number of Units to be acquired during any such period. The price associated with the 2023 Repurchase Right, based upon the December 31, 2022 calculation, is estimated to be per Unit, net of a per Unit distribution expected to be made in April 2023. 
 
 In June 2022, the Company repurchased Units pursuant to the Repurchase Right at a price of per Unit. In June 2021, the Company repurchased Units pursuant to the Repurchase Right at a price of per Unit. In June 2020, the Company repurchased Units pursuant to the Repurchase Right at a price of per Unit. 
 
 The Company has an Option Repurchase Plan (the "Option Plan") which permits the grant of options to repurchase certain Units to select officers and employees (the "Option Plan Participants"). The purpose of the Option Plan is to assist the Company in attracting and retaining officers and other key employees and to enable those individuals to acquire or increase their ownership interest in the Company in order to encourage them to promote the growth and profitability of the Company. The Option Plan is designed to align directly the financial interests of the Option Plan Participants with the financial interests of the Unitholders. The Company granted options to officers and certain key employees in June 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. All options granted were exercised on the same date. 
 
 All Units repurchased pursuant to the Repurchase Right are retired except for those Units issued through the exercise of options pursuant to the Option Plan. There were , and outstanding Units following the Company s repurchase of Units and issuance of options in June 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were instruments outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021 that would potentially dilute net income per Unit. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and of total crude oil and natural gas sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Approximately and of total crude oil and natural gas sales were derived from operated wells in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had one significant purchaser of natural gas production from operated wells for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (the Major Gas Purchaser ). Natural gas sales to the Major Gas Purchaser as a percentage of consolidated crude oil and natural gas sales were in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, natural gas purchased by the Major Gas Purchaser covers production from approximately gross operated wells. Production purchased by the Major Gas Purchaser from operated wells comprised approximately and of the Company's consolidated natural gas sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company sells substantially all its crude oil production from operated wells to one purchaser (the Major Oil Purchaser ). 
 
 The Company's production accounts receivable result from sales of natural gas and crude oil. A significant portion of the Company's production accounts receivable is due from the Company's major customers. The Company does not view such concentration as an unusual credit risk. However, the Company does not require collateral from its customers and could incur losses if its customers fail to pay. As a result of management's review of current and historical credit losses as well as the current and expected economic trends, a valuation allowance was not deemed necessary at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company expects that the Major Gas Purchaser and Major Oil Purchaser will continue to be the only major customers for natural gas and crude oil production from its operated wells in 2022. Historically, the Company has not tracked the purchasers of natural gas and crude oil derived from third party operated wells which may have the same customers. 

unsecured PPP loan through a commercial bank (the PPP Loan ). Provisions of the PPP allowed EEI to apply for forgiveness of the PPP Loan provided the proceeds were used for covered expenditures and certain other requirements were satisfied. In February 2021, the United States Small Business Administration authorized full forgiveness of EEI s PPP Loan. 

Pipeline and support equipment 
 
 Gross capitalized costs 
 
 Accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and write down 
 
 Net capitalized costs 

Development costs 

The Company had purchases of producing oil and gas properties in 2022 or 2021. 

Production costs 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 Accretion expense 
 
 Results of operations before income tax benefit 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 
 Results of operations for oil and gas producing activities (excluding corporate overhead and financing costs) 

Income tax benefit was computed using statutory tax rates and reflects temporary differences that are reflected in the Company's consolidated income tax benefit for the year. 

Production 
 Revision of previous estimates 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Extensions, discoveries and other additions 
 Production 
 Revision of previous estimates 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

The Company has not determined proved reserves associated with its proved and other undeveloped properties, including its deep property interests. The Company had less than net proved undeveloped acres at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was net carrying cost of the proved undeveloped acreage at December 31, 2022. The net carrying cost of the proved undeveloped acreage that is included in proved properties amounted to approximately at December 31, 2021. 

Future production and development costs 
 Future asset retirement obligations, net of salvage 
 Future income tax expense 
 
 Future net cash flows 
 Effect of discounting future net cash flows at 10 per annum 
 
 Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows 

Extensions, discoveries and other additions 
 Revision of quantity estimates 
 Sales of crude oil and natural gas, net of production costs 
 Net change in income taxes 
 Net changes in prices and production costs 
 Accretion of discount 
 Other 
 
 Balance, end of year 

There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves and in projecting future rates of production and timing of development expenditures, including many factors beyond the control of the Company. The estimated future cash flows are determined based on crude oil and natural gas pricing parameters established by generally accepted accounting principles, adjusted for contract terms within contract periods, estimated production of proved crude oil and natural gas reserves, estimated future production and development costs of reserves and future retirement obligations (net of salvage), based on current economic conditions, and the estimated future income tax expense, based on year-end statutory tax rates (with consideration of future tax rates already legislated) to be incurred on pretax net cash flows less the tax basis of the properties involved. Such cash flows are then discounted using a rate. 
 
 The methodology and assumptions used in calculating the standardized measure are those required by generally accepted accounting principles and United States Securities and Exchange Commission reporting requirements. It is not intended to be representative of the fair market value of the Company's proved reserves. The valuation of revenues and costs does not necessarily reflect the amounts to be received or expended by the Company. In addition to the valuations used, numerous other factors are considered in evaluating known and prospective oil and gas reserves. 
 
 Average adjusted natural gas prices used in the estimation of proved reserves were and per MCF at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the average adjusted crude oil prices used in the estimation of proved reserves were and per BBL at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management performed, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on the evaluation, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15). Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Due to limitations on any control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues have been detected. In addition, effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degrees of compliance with our established policies and procedures. Management intends to continue to evaluate and improve internal controls over financial reporting as necessary and appropriate for the Company s business, however management cannot provide assurance that such improvements will be sufficient to provide effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management is responsible for assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the guidelines established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO (2013 Framework). Management utilized internal and external resources to assist in the various aspects of its assessment and compliance efforts. As a result of its assessment, management has concluded that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

- 27 -

Table of Contents 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to SEC rules that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 I TEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

- 28 -

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The Company, as a limited partnership, does not have any directors or executive officers. The General Partner of the Company is Everflow Management Limited, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company formed in March 1999, as the successor to the Company s original general partner. The members of the General Partner as of March 10, 2023 are EMC; three individuals who are officers and directors of EEI, Brian A. Staebler, Michael W. Rathburn and William A. Siskovic and one individual who serves as the Chairman of the Board of EEI, Thomas L. Korner. 
 
 EMC is the Managing Member of the General Partner. EMC was formed in September 1990 to act as the managing general partner of Everflow Management Company, the predecessor of the General Partner. EMC is owned by the other members of the General Partner and EMC currently has no employees, but as managing member of the General Partner makes all management and business decisions on behalf of the General Partner and thus on behalf of the Company. 
 
 EEI has continued its separate existence as a holder of interests in many of the same crude oil and natural gas properties that the Company operates. EEI also employs all personnel to conduct all of the Company s business. All of EEI s outstanding shares are owned by the Company. 
 
 Directors and Officers of EEI and EMC . The executive officers and directors of EEI and EMC as of March 10, 2023 are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions and Offices 

Thomas L. Korner 
 
 69 
 
 Chairman of the Board and director 

Brian A. Staebler 
 
 48 
 
 President, Principal Executive Officer and director 

Michael W. Rathburn 
 
 39 
 
 Vice President, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and director 

William A. Siskovic 
 
 67 
 
 Vice President, Principal Operations Officer and director 

- 29 -

Table of Contents 

All officers of EEI are employed by EEI to conduct business affairs of the Company. All directors of EEI are elected to serve by the Company, which is EEI s sole shareholder. Directors of EEI received no additional compensation or fees for their services to EEI or their services on behalf of the Company in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 All directors and officers of EMC hold their positions with EMC pursuant to a shareholders agreement among EMC and such directors and officers. The shareholders agreement controls the operation of EMC, provides for changes in share ownership of EMC, and determines the identity of the directors and officers of EMC as well as their replacements. 
 
 As a result of the foregoing organizational structure, the Company does not have a nominating committee or a compensation committee. The Directors of EMC function as the Company s audit committee. None of the members of EMC s board are independent. The Company believes that its status as a limited partnership, the limited voting rights possessed by holders of limited partnership units, and the existence of contractual arrangements governing the selection of EMC s directors and officers makes it appropriate for the Company not to maintain nominating or compensation committees. Each director of EMC participates in determining the compensation of the executive officers of the Company. 
 
 Thomas L. Korner was President and Principal Executive Officer of EEI and EMC from November 1995 to January 2010, when he resigned from these positions and was appointed as Chairman of the Board for both entities. Mr. Korner had also served as a director of EMC since its formation in September 1990. He served as Vice President and Secretary of EEI from April 1985 to November 1995 and as Vice President and Secretary of EMC from September 1990 to November 1995. He served as the Treasurer of EEI from June 1982 to June 1986. In these roles, Mr. Korner has successfully led the Company since its formation. Prior to joining EEI in June 1982, Mr. Korner was a practicing certified public accountant with Hill, Barth and King, certified public accountants, and prior to that with Arthur Andersen Co., certified public accountants. He has a Business Administration Degree from Mt. Union College. 
 
 Brian A. Staebler was appointed to serve as President and Principal Executive Officer and director of EEI and EMC in March 2021. He now supervises and oversees all aspects of the Company and EEI s business, including oil and gas property acquisition, development, operation and marketing. He had previously served as Vice President, Secretary-Treasurer, Principal Financial Accounting Officer and director of EEI and EMC from January 2010 to March 2021. Prior to his role as Vice President, he had served as the Internal Audit Manager for the Company since September 2007, leading the Company s efforts to become compliant with Sarbanes Oxley regulations. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Staebler was a Senior Manager with Hausser + Taylor LLC, certified public accountants, and lead in-charge of the audit team that performed the annual audit and quarterly reviews of the Company as well as many other companies in the oil and gas industry. He had been a member of the audit team since December 1997. Mr. Staebler also served as a member of the firm s oil and gas industry practice, covering an array of areas including attestation, financial reporting and consulting, and tax regulation. Mr. Staebler s experience in working with the Company for 10 years as an independent auditor, financial reporting consultant and tax consultant, in addition to his experience as an employee of the Company working with Sarbanes Oxley regulations and compliance as it relates specifically to the Company, as well as his role as a senior financial executive since January 2010, qualifies him as an officer and director. Mr. Staebler has a Business Administration Degree in Accounting from the University of Toledo, is an active Certified Public Accountant licensed by the Accountancy Board of Ohio, and is a current member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants. 

- 30 -

Table of Contents 

Michael W. Rathburn was appointed to serve as Vice President, Secretary-Treasurer, Principal Financial Accounting Officer and director of EEI and EMC in March 2021. Mr. Rathburn is responsible for the financial operations of the Company and EEI. He had served as the Production Revenue Manager for the Company since April 2019, responsible for overseeing all aspects of the Company s operations over oil and gas revenues, expenses and production distributions. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Rathburn was a Senior Manager with Maloney + Novotny, LLC, certified public accountants, and lead in-charge of the audit team that performed the annual audit and quarterly reviews of the Company as well as other companies in the oil and gas industry and public sector. He had been a member of the audit team since May 2007. Mr. Rathburn also served as a member of the firm s oil and gas industry practice, accounting and attestation practice and SEC practice. While at the firm, Mr. Rathburn specialized in attestation, financial reporting (both public and private sectors), corporate taxation and business consulting. Mr. Rathburn s experience in working with the Company for 12 years as an independent auditor, financial reporting and tax consultant, in addition to his experience as an employee of the Company working as the Production Revenue Manager, qualifies him as an officer, director and audit committee financial expert. Mr. Rathburn has a Business Administration Degree in Accounting from Miami University, is an active Certified Public Accountant licensed by the Accountancy Board of Ohio and is a current member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants. 
 
 William A. Siskovic was President and Principal Executive Officer of EEI and EMC from January 2010 to March 2021, when he resigned from these positions to accept a reduced role as Vice President and Principal Operations Officer. He remains a director of EEI and EMC. Mr. Siskovic had also previously served as Vice President of EEI from January 1989 to January 2010 and as Vice President, Secretary-Treasurer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and a director of EMC. He had served as Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and Secretary of EMC since November 1995 and in all other capacities since the formation of EMC in September 1990. Mr. Siskovic s experience as a senior financial executive with EEI and EMC since the Company s formation provides the Company with a valuable resource and qualifies him for his role as officer and director. He is now responsible for day-to-day operational efficiency of the Company and EEI. From August 1980 to July 1984, Mr. Siskovic served in various financial and accounting capacities including Assistant Controller of Towner Petroleum Company, a public independent oil and gas operator, producer and drilling fund sponsor company. From August 1984 to September 1985, Mr. Siskovic was a Senior Consultant for Arthur Young Company, certified public accountants, where he was primarily responsible for the firm s oil and gas consulting practice in the Cleveland, Ohio office. From October 1985 until joining EEI in April 1988, Mr. Siskovic served as Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of Lomak Petroleum, Inc., a public independent oil and gas operator and producer. Mr. Siskovic has a Business Administration Degree in Accounting from Cleveland State University and currently serves on the Board of Trustees of the Children's Mental Health Circle of Friends Foundation, a nonprofit organization that serves a counseling center providing behavioral health care services. 

- 31 -

Table of Contents 

Audit Committee 
 
 EMC is the managing general partner of the Company. The directors and officers of EMC serve as the Company s audit committee as specified in section 3(a)(58)(B) of the Exchange Act. Michael W. Rathburn, who is not independent, has been designated the Company s audit committee financial expert. 
 
 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 
 
 The Audit Committee oversees the Company s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors of Everflow Management Corporation, the managing general partner of Everflow Management Limited, LLC, the general partner of the Company. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including the systems of internal controls. The independent registered public accountants are responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 We have discussed with the independent registered public accountants of the Company, Maloney + Novotny LLC, the matters that independent registered public accounting firms must communicate to audit committees under Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB requirements, which includes a review of the results of the independent registered public accountant s examination of the Company s financial statements and related processes. 
 
 We have received and reviewed written disclosures and the letter from Maloney + Novotny LLC, which is required by applicable rules of the PCAOB, and we have discussed with Maloney + Novotny LLC their independence under such standards. We have concluded that the independent registered public accountants are independent from the Company and its management. 
 
 Based on our review and discussions referred to above, we have recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements of the Company be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Respectfully submitted by the members of the Audit Committee: 

Brian A. Staebler (Chairman) Thomas L. Korner Michael W. Rathburn William A. Siskovic 

- 32 -

Table of Contents 

Code of Ethics . The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics is included as Exhibit 14.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided upon written request. 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance . Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires the Company s officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater than 10 owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 
 
 Based solely on the Company s review of the copies of such forms furnished to the Company, the Company believes that all required Section 16(a) filings for fiscal year 2022 were timely made. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 As a limited partnership, the Company has no executive officers or directors, but is managed by the General Partner. The executive officers of EMC and EEI are compensated by EEI. The compensation described below represents all compensation from EEI. 
 
 Overview of 2022 Executive Compensation Components 
 
 Components of executive compensation in the 2022 fiscal year for the executive officers of EMC and EEI include the following: 

base salary 

annual cash bonuses 

retirement and other benefits 

Base Salary 
 
 The base salary of the executive officers is intended to provide fixed compensation for the performance of core duties. In determining appropriate salary levels, consideration is given to the level and scope of responsibility, experience, and Company and individual performance. The base salaries paid during fiscal 2022 are shown in the Summary Compensation Table appearing further below in this Item 11. 

- 33 -

Table of Contents 

Annual Cash Bonuses 
 
 The annual bonus of the executive officers is intended to supplement the fixed compensation provided in the base salary to recognize an individual s performance in a fiscal year. Payment with respect to any cash bonus is contingent upon the satisfaction of objective and subjective performance criteria. The annual cash bonus is determined at the end of each fiscal year. The amount is awarded in the first fiscal quarter following the end of each fiscal year. 
 
 Executive officers are provided an annual cash bonus each year based on the achievement of certain financial and non-financial performance objectives during the previous fiscal year. Annual cash bonuses are based on a percentage of the executive s base salary. For 2022, the Board of Directors set a range of these bonuses between 50 and 160 of the executive s base salary, based on the Company achieving specified financial and non-financial performance objectives. In 2022, the financial performance objectives that were used for determining financial performance-based cash awards were asset management, profitability and overall company stability. In 2022, the non-financial performance objectives that were used for determining non-financial performance based cash awards were corporate governance and adherence to policies and procedures as well as other factors that vary depending on responsibilities. 
 
 The 2023 target annual cash bonus awards for executive officers are established as a percentage of the executive s base salary. These target amounts range between 50 and 160 of base salary. These target amounts were determined considering executive pay at companies of comparable size. The Board of Directors believes it is important that these target and maximum payout levels are aligned with the Company s long-term strategic plan and the Company s expectation of future financial performance. 
 
 Retirement and Other Benefits 
 
 The executive officers are entitled to the same benefits coverage as other employees such as health insurance, life and disability insurance, participation in the Company s 401(k) plan, and the reimbursement of ordinary and reasonable business expenses. The executive officers are also provided with additional supplementary life insurance and a Company owned vehicle. 
 
 The Company has an Option Repurchase Plan under which the Company may grant options to repurchase Units acquired by the Company as part of the Repurchase Right to eligible officers and employees. The Company granted a total of 27,000 and 27,500 options to executive officers in 2022 and 2021, respectively, all of which were exercised immediately. 
 
 The Company does not currently offer any deferred compensation program, supplemental executive retirement plan or any financial planning services for executive officers. 

- 34 -

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth information concerning the annual compensation for services in all capacities to the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, of those persons who were at December 31, 2022: (i) the Principal Executive Officer of EMC and EEI, (ii) the Principal Financial Officer of EMC and EEI; and (iii) the Principal Operations Officer of EMC and EEI. The Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Operations Officer are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Named Executive Officers. 

Annual Compensation 

Other 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 

Bonus 

Compensation (1) 

Total 

William A. Siskovic (5) 
 
 2022 

113,100 

108,600 

39,700 
 
 (2) 

261,400 

2021 

129,500 

200,000 

49,900 
 
 (2) 

379,400 

Brian A. Staebler (6) 
 
 2022 

157,000 

177,000 

49,700 
 
 (3) 

383,700 

2021 

147,900 

156,000 

46,400 
 
 (3) 

350,300 

Michael W. Rathburn (7) 
 
 2022 

142,000 

70,000 

39,900 
 
 (4) 

251,900 

2021 

129,200 

20,000 

26,300 
 
 (4) 

175,500 

No Named Executive Officer received personal benefits or perquisites during 2022 or 2021 in excess of 10,000. 

(1) 
 Includes amounts contributed under the Company s Defined Contribution Plan in the form of employer-matched contributions and profit sharing contributions on behalf of the executive officers, and amounts considered taxable wages with respect to personal use of a Company vehicle, the Company s Group Term Life Insurance Plan, and additional supplemental life insurance. Additional terms of the Defined Contribution Plan are described in the section entitled Retirement Plans appearing later in this Item 11. 

(2) 
 During fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes 18,800 and 25,600, respectively, contributed as profit sharing to the Defined Contribution Plan, 13,300 and 16,500 contributed as matching contributions to the Defined Contribution Plan, 1,100 and 900, respectively, considered taxable wages with respect to personal use of a Company vehicle, and 6,500 and 6,900, respectively considered taxable wages with respect to the Company s Group Term Life Insurance Plan and additional supplemental life insurance. 

(3) 
 During fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes 28,900 and 25,800, respectively, contributed as profit sharing to the Defined Contribution Plan, 16,100 and 16,000, respectively, contributed as matching contributions to the Defined Contribution Plan, 2,900 and 2,800, respectively considered taxable wages with respect to personal use of a Company vehicle, and 1,800 considered taxable wages with respect to the Company s Group Term Life Insurance Plan and additional supplemental life insurance. 

(4) 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes 17,600 and 9,300, respectively, contributed as profit sharing to the Defined Contribution Plan, 12,700 and 9,000, respectively, contributed as matching contributions to the Defined Contribution Plan, 8,700 and 6,900, respectively, considered taxable wages with respect to personal use of a Company vehicle, and 900 and 1,100 considered taxable wages with respect to the Company s Group Term Life Insurance Plan and additional supplemental life insurance. 

(5) 
 Served as President and Principal Executive Officer through March 23, 2021. Served as Vice President and Principal Operations Officer from March 24, 2021 through December 31, 2022. 

(6) 
 Served as Vice President and Principal Financial Accounting Officer through March 23, 2021. Served as President and Principal Executive Officer from March 24, 2021 through December 31, 2022. 

(7) 
 Served as Vice President and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer from March 24, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 

None of the Named Executive Officers has an employment agreement with the Company or EEI. 

- 35 -

Table of Contents 

Outstanding Equity Awards 
 
 The Company granted a total of 27,000 and 27,500 options to executive officers in 2022 and 2021, respectively, all of which were exercised immediately. There were no outstanding unexercised options as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Retirement Plans 
 
 The Company has a defined contribution plan pursuant to section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code for all employees, including officers, who have reached the age of 21 and completed one year of service (the Defined Contribution Plan , or the DC Plan ). The Company makes safe harbor contributions and matches employees' contributions to the Defined Contribution Plan as annually determined by EMC's board of directors. Additionally, the DC Plan has a profit sharing component which provides for contributions to the DC Plan at the discretion of EMC's board of directors. Amounts contributed to the DC Plan vest immediately. 
 
 The Defined Contribution Plan is further described in Note 4 of the Company s consolidated financial statements included herein. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 Thomas L. Korner, Brian A. Staebler, Michael W. Rathburn and William A. Siskovic did not receive any additional compensation for their service as directors during 2022 or 2021. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The General Partner is a limited liability company of which EMC, an Ohio corporation, is the managing member. The members of the General Partner as of March 10, 2023 are EMC; three individuals who are officers and directors of EEI, Brian A. Staebler, Michael W. Rathburn and William A. Siskovic and one individual who serves as the Chairman of the Board of EEI, Thomas L. Korner. The General Partner of the Company owns a 1.26 interest in the Company. 

- 36 -

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the number of Units beneficially owned as of March 10, 2023 by each person known to the management of the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding Units; and by each director and officer of EMC. The table also sets forth (i) the ownership interests of the General Partner and (ii) the ownership of EMC. 

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF UNITS IN THE COMPANY, 
 EVERFLOW MANAGEMENT LIMITED, LLC AND EMC 

Percentage 

Interest in 

Percentage 

Everflow 

Percentage 

Units in 

of Units in 

Management 

Interest in 

Name of Holder 
 
 Company 

Company (1) 

Limited, LLC (2) 

EMC 

Directors and Executive Officers 

William A. Siskovic (officer and director of EMC) 

130,443 

2.49 

25.00 

25.00 

Thomas L. Korner (Chairman of the Board director of EMC) 

64,311 

1.23 

25.00 

25.00 

Brian A. Staebler (officer and director of EMC) 

59,998 

1.14 

25.00 

25.00 

Michael W. Rathburn (officer and director of EMC) 

21,377 

0.41 

25.00 

25.00 

276,129 

5.27 

100.00 

100.00 

Other Beneficial Owners of >5 of the Company 

Catherine S. Massie (3) 

299,848 

5.72 

- 

- 

Peter H. Sykes (4) 

272,503 

5.20 

- 

- 

David F. Sykes (5) 

272,503 

5.20 

- 

- 

1,120,983 

21.39 

100.00 

100.00 

(1) 
 Does not include the interest in the Company owned indirectly by such individuals as a result of their ownership in (i) the General Partner (based on its 1.26 interest in the Company) or (ii) EMC (based on EMC s 1 managing member s interest in the General Partner). 

(2) 
 Includes the interest in the General Partner owned indirectly by such individuals as a result of their share ownership in EMC resulting from EMC s 1 managing member s interest in the General Partner. 

(3) 
 All Units held by CSM Associates, a New York limited partnership owned by the family of Catherine S. Massie. Catherine S. Massie is not an officer or director of EMC. 

(4) 
 All Units held by PHS Associates, a New York limited partnership owned by the family of Peter H. Sykes. Peter H. Sykes is not an officer or director of EMC. 

(5) 
 All Units held by DFS Associates, a New York limited partnership owned by the family of David F. Sykes. David F. Sykes is not an officer or director of EMC. 

- 37 -

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. C ERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 In the past, certain officers, directors and Unitholders who beneficially own more than 10 of the Company have invested in crude oil and natural gas programs sponsored by EEI on the same terms as other unrelated investors in such programs. In the past, certain officers, directors and/or more than 10 Unitholders of the Company have frequently participated and will likely participate in the future as working interest owners in wells in which the Company has an interest. The Company anticipates that any such participation by individual members of the Company s management would enable such individuals to participate in the drilling and development of undeveloped drill sites on an equal basis with the Company or the particular drilling program acquiring such drill sites, which participation would be on a uniform basis with respect to all drilling conducted during a specified time frame, as opposed to selective participation. Frequently, such participation has been on more favorable terms than the terms which were available to other unrelated investors in such programs. Prior to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, EEI loaned the officers of the Company the funds necessary to participate in the drilling and development of such wells. The Company ceased making these loans in compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Certain officers and directors of EMC own crude oil and natural gas properties and, as such, contract with the Company to provide field operations on such properties. These ownership interests are charged per well fees for such services on the same basis as all other working interest owners. Thomas L. Korner, Brian A. Staebler, Michael W. Rathburn and William A. Siskovic each made investments in crude oil and natural gas properties, during 2022, in the amount of 10,700. Thomas L. Korner, Brian A. Staebler, Michael W. Rathburn and William A. Siskovic did not make any investments in crude oil and natural gas properties and pipelines during 2021. 
 
 As a result of its organizational structure, the Company does not have a nominating committee or a compensation committee. The Directors of EMC function as the Company s audit committee. None of the members of EMC s board are independent under the current independence standards of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Marketplace Rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market. The Company believes that its status as a limited partnership, the limited voting rights possessed by holders of limited partnership units, and the existence of contractual arrangements governing the selection of EMC s directors and officers makes it appropriate for the Company not to maintain nominating or compensation committees. 

- 38 -

Table of Contents 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Maloney + Novotny LLC served as the Company s independent auditor for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following is a summary of the fees billed to the Company by Maloney + Novotny LLC for professional services rendered during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees 

149,500 

144,500 

Tax fees 

- 

12,800 

Total 

149,500 

157,300 

Audit fees include fees for the audit and quarterly reviews of the consolidated financial statements, assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC, accounting and financial reporting consultations and research work necessary to comply with generally accepted auditing standards. Tax fees include fees for the Company s tax planning and tax advice. There were no audit related or other services performed in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 The Company has a policy to assure the independence of its registered public accounting firm. Prior to each fiscal year, the audit committee receives a written report from its independent auditor describing the elements expected to be performed in the course of its audit of the Company s financial statements for the coming year. 

- 39 -

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

I TEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements 
 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements of the Registrant and its subsidiaries are included in Part II, Item 8: 

Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Partners Equity 
 F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

(a) (2) Financial Statements Schedules 
 
 All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. 
 
 (a) (3) Exhibits 
 
 See the Exhibit Index at page E-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 
 Exhibits required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are contained in the Exhibits listed under Item 15(a)(3). 
 
 (c) Financial Statements Schedules required by Regulation S-X (17 CFR 210) 
 
 All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. 
 
 I TEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

- 40 -

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

3.1 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Registrant dated September 13, 1990, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 14, 1990 
 (1) 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant, dated as of February 10, 2010 
 (2) 

3.3 
 Articles of Incorporation of Everflow Management Corporation 
 (1) 

3.4 
 Articles of Organization of Everflow Management Limited LLC 
 (3) 

3.5 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. 
 (7) 

3.6 
 Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Everflow Management Limited LLC dated December 31, 2021 
 (8) 

3.7 
 Second Amended and Restated Close Corporation Agreement of Everflow Management Corporation dated December 31, 2021 
 (9) 

4.1 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 Operating facility lease dated October 3, 1995 between Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. and A-1 Storage of Canfield, Ltd. 
 (4) 

14.1 
 Code of Ethics 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 (5) 

31.1 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 Report of Wright Company, Inc. dated February 13, 2023 concerning evaluation of oil and gas reserves. 

99.2 
 Audit Committee Charter of Everflow Management Corporation 
 (6) 

E-1

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

101.INS 
 Inline Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

(1) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 33-36919). 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 12, 2010 (File No. 0-19279). 

(3) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended March 31, 1999 (File No. 0-19279). 

(4) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter ended September 30, 1995 (File No. 0-19279). 

(5) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995 (File No. 0-19279). 

(6) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 0-19279). 

(7) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended March 31, 2018 (File No. 0-19279). 

(8) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 0-19279). 

(9) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 0-19279). 

E-2

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS, L.P. 

By: 
 EVERFLOW MANAGEMENT LIMITED, LLC General Partner 

By: 
 EVERFLOW MANAGEMENT CORPORATION Managing Member 

By: 
 /s/ Thomas L. Korner 
 
 Director 
 March 24, 2023 

Thomas L. Korner 

By: 
 /s/ Brian A. Staebler 
 
 President, Principal 
 March 24, 2023 

Brian A. Staebler 
 
 Executive Officer and 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ Michael W. Rathburn 
 
 Vice President, Secretary- 
 March 24, 2023 

Michael W. Rathburn 
 
 Treasurer, Principal 

Financial and Accounting 

Officer and Director 

By: 
 /s/ William A. Siskovic 
 
 Vice President, Principal 
 March 24, 2023 

William A. Siskovic 
 
 Operations Officer and 

Director 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex_488354.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

ex_488354.htm 

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The following description of the units of limited partnership interest (the Units of Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. (the Company and the rights of holders thereof (each, a Holder is summary only and is subject to the complete text of the Company s Partnership Agreement (the Partnership Agreement ). 

Market 

The Units are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. There is currently no established public trading market for the Units. At the present time, the Company does not intend to list any of the Units for trading on any exchange or otherwise take any action to establish any market for the Units. As of March 10, 2023, there were 5,243,119 Units held by 1,179 holders of record. 

Distribution History 

The Company commenced operations in February 1991. Management s stated intention was to make quarterly cash distributions equal to 0.125 per Unit (or 0.50 per Unit on an annualized basis) for the first eight quarters following the commencement of operations. The Company paid a quarterly distribution every quarter from July 1991 through October 2015. The Company paid total cash distributions equal to 0.25 per Unit in 2020 and 1.00 per Unit in 2022. The Company did not make a cash distribution in 2021. The Company intends to make a cash distribution equal to 0.50 per Unit in April 2023. 

Repurchase Right 

The Partnership Agreement provides that beginning in 1992 and annually thereafter the Company offers to repurchase for cash up to 10 of the then outstanding Units, to the extent Holders offer Units to the Company for repurchase (the Repurchase Right ). The Repurchase Right entitles any Holder(s), between May 1 and June 30 of each year, to notify the Company that the Holder(s) elects to exercise the Repurchase Right and have the Company acquire certain or all Units. The price to be paid for any such Units is calculated based on the method provided for in the Partnership Agreement. The Company accepted an aggregate of 137,455 of its Units of limited partnership interest at a price of 0.36 per Unit pursuant to the terms of the Company s Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2021. The Company accepted an aggregate of 121,354 of its Units of limited partnership interest at a price of 2.51 per Unit pursuant to the terms of the Company s Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2022. The Company has determined that the price associated with the 2023 Repurchase Right, based upon the December 31, 2022 calculation, is estimated to be 6.36 per Unit. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 ex_488355.htm
 EXHIBIT 14.1

ex_488355.htm 

Exhibit 14.1 

CODE OF ETHICS FOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS 

 EVERFLOW MANAGEMENT CORPORATION 

This Code of Ethics applies to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Financial Officers of Everflow Management Corporation in connection with its role as managing general partner of Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. the Company ). Its purpose is to promote honest and ethical conduct and compliance with the law, particularly as related to the maintenance of the Company s financial records and the preparation of financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). To the best of their knowledge and ability, Financial Officers are expected to: 

1. Act with honesty and integrity, avoiding actual or apparent conflicts of interest in personal or professional relationships. 

2. Work to ensure full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, governmental agencies, including the SEC, and in other public communications. 

3. Comply with rules and regulations of federal, state and local governments, and other appropriate private and public regulatory agencies. 

4. Act in good faith, responsibly, with due care, competence and diligence, without misrepresenting material facts or allowing their independent judgment to be subordinated. 

5. Respect the confidentiality of information acquired in the course of their work except when authorized or otherwise legally obligated to disclose, and ensure that confidential information acquired in the course of their work is not used by them for personal advantage. 

6. Share knowledge and maintain skills important and relevant to their constituents needs. 

7. Proactively promote ethical behavior as a responsible partner among peers in their work environment. 

Financial Officers who violate or attempt to violate this Code of Ethics may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination, and depending on the nature of the violation, may expose the Company and/or themselves to both civil and/or criminal liabilities and penalties. 

This Code of Ethics is a statement of certain fundamental principles, policies and procedures that govern Financial Officers in the conduct of the Company s business. It is not intended to and does not create any rights in any employee, customer, client, supplier, competitor, shareholder or any other person or entity. 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_488356.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_488356.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brian A. Staebler, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Brian A. Staebler 

			 Brian A. Staebler 

			 President and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_488357.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_488357.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael W. Rathburn, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Michael W. Rathburn 

			 Michael W. Rathburn 

			 Vice President, Secretary-Treasurer and 

			 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_488358.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_488358.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned, Brian A. Staebler, President and Principal Executive Officer of Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. (the Company ), and Michael W. Rathburn, Vice President, Secretary-Treasurer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, hereby certify that, to his knowledge: 

(1) 

the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Brian A. Staebler 

			 Brian A. Staebler 

			 President and Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Michael W. Rathburn 

			 Michael W. Rathburn 

			 Vice President, Secretary-Treasurer and 

			 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

This written statement accompanies the Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 7
 ex_488359.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

ex_488359.htm 

Exhibit 99.1 

February 13, 2023 

Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. 

 585 West Main Street 

 Canfield, OH 44406 

Attention: Mr. Michael W. Rathburn 

SUBJECT: 

Evaluation of Oil and Gas Reserves 

			 To the Interests of Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. 

			 In Certain Properties Located in Ohio and Pennsylvania 

			 Pursuant to the Requirements of the 

			 Securities and Exchange Commission 

			 Effective January 1, 2023 

			 Job 22.2249 

At the request of Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. (Everflow), Wright Company, Inc. (Wright) has performed an evaluation to estimate proved reserves and associated cash flow and economics from certain properties to the subject interests. This evaluation was authorized by Mr. Michael W. Rathburn of Everflow. Projections of the reserves and cash flow to the evaluated interests were based on specified economic parameters, operating conditions, and government regulations considered applicable at the effective date. This reserves evaluation is pursuant to the financial reporting requirements of the United States (U.S.) Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as specified in Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a) and Regulation S-K, Rule 1202(a)(8). It is the understanding of Wright that the purpose of this evaluation is for inclusion in relevant registration statements or other filings to the SEC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The effective date of this report is January 1, 2023. The report was completed February 13, 2023. The following is a summary of the results of the evaluation. 

Everflow Eastern 

Proved Developed 

Total 

Partners, L.P. 

			 Pursuant to SEC 

Producing 

			 (PDP) 

Nonproducing 

			 (PDNP) 

Proved 

			 (PDP PDNP) 

Net Reserves to the Evaluated Interests 

Oil, Mbbl: 

397.673 

0.000 

397.673 

Gas, MMcf: 

21,713.316 

0.000 

21,713.316 

NGL, Mbbl: 

0.000 

0.000 

0.000 

Gas Equivalent, MMcfe: (1 bbl = 6 Mcfe) 

24,099.354 

0.000 

24,099.354 

Cash Flow BTAX, M 

Undiscounted: 

85,221.752 

0.000 

85,221.752 

Discounted at 10 Per Annum: 

46,615.352 

0.000 

46,615.352 

Please note numbers in table may not add due to rounding techniques in the ARIES petroleum software program. 

Twelve Cadillac Drive Suite 260 

 Brentwood, TN 37027 

 (615) 370-0755 Fax (615) 370-0756 

 www.wrightandcompany.com 

Mr. Michael W. Rathburn 

 Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. 

 February 13, 2023 

 Page 2 

The properties evaluated in this report are located in the states of Ohio and Pennsylvania. According to Everflow, the total proved reserves included in this evaluation represent 100 percent of the reported total proved reserves of Everflow. 

Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas that can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations. As specified by the SEC regulations, when calculating economic producibility, the base product price must be the 12-month average price, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the prior 12-month period. The benchmark base prices used for this evaluation were 93.67 per barrel for West Texas Intermediate oil at Cushing, Oklahoma, and 5.325 per million British thermal units (MMBtu) for natural gas at Eastern Gas South. These benchmark base prices were adjusted for energy content, quality, basis differential, and contract terms, as appropriate. The resultant average adjusted product prices are 90.29 per barrel of oil and 5.332 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf) of gas. The product prices and adjustments were held constant for the life of the properties. 

Oil volumes are expressed in thousands of U.S. barrels (Mbbl) of 42 U.S. gallons per barrel. Gas volumes are expressed in millions of standard cubic feet (MMcf) at 60 degrees Fahrenheit and at the legal pressure base that prevails in the state in which the reserves are located. For purposes of this report, quantities of barrels of oil are converted into equivalent quantities of natural gas at the ratio of one barrel (bbl) equals six thousand standard cubic feet equivalent (Mcfe). No adjustment of the individual gas volumes to a common pressure base has been made. 

Net income to the evaluated interests is the cash flow after consideration of royalty revenue payable to others, state and county taxes, operating expenses, investments, salvage values, and abandonment costs, as applicable. The cash flow is before federal income tax (Cash Flow BTAX) and excludes consideration of any encumbrances against the properties if such exist. The Cash Flow BTAX was discounted monthly at an annual rate of 10.0 percent in accordance with the reporting requirements of the SEC. 

The estimates of reserves contained in this report were determined by accepted industry methods, and the procedures used in this evaluation are appropriate for the purpose served by the report. Where sufficient production history and other data were available, reserves for producing properties were determined by extrapolation of historical production or sales trends. Analogy to similar producing properties was used for those properties that lacked sufficient production history to yield a definitive estimate of reserves. Wright has used all methods and procedures as it considered necessary under the circumstances to prepare this report. 

Oil and gas reserves were evaluated for the proved developed producing (PDP) and proved developed nonproducing (PDNP) categories. The summary classification of total proved reserves combines the PDP and PDNP categories. In preparing this evaluation, no attempt has been made to quantify the element of uncertainty associated with any reserves category. Reserves were assigned to each category as warranted. Wright is not aware of any local, state, or federal regulations that would preclude Everflow from continuing to produce from currently active wells. 

There are significant uncertainties inherent in estimating reserves, future rates of production, and the timing and amount of future costs. The estimation of oil and gas reserves must be recognized as a subjective process that cannot be measured in an exact way, and estimates of others might differ materially from those of Wright. The accuracy of any reserves estimate is a function of the quantity and quality of available data and of subjective interpretations and judgments. It should be emphasized that production data subsequent to the date of these estimates or changes in the analogous properties may warrant revisions of such estimates. Accordingly, reserves estimates are often different from the quantities of oil and gas that are ultimately recovered. 

Mr. Michael W. Rathburn 

 Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. 

 February 13, 2023 

 Page 3 

All data utilized in the preparation of this report were provided by Everflow. No inspection of the properties was made as this was not considered to be within the scope of this evaluation. Wright has not independently verified the accuracy and completeness of information and data furnished by Everflow with respect to ownership interests, oil and gas production or sales, historical costs of operation and development, product prices, or agreements relating to current and future operations and sales of production. Wright requested and received detailed information allowing Wright to check and confirm any calculations provided by Everflow with regard to product pricing, appropriate adjustments, and lease operating expenses. Furthermore, if in the course of Wright s examination something came to our attention that brought into question the validity or sufficiency of any information or data, Wright did not rely on such information or data until we had satisfactorily resolved our questions relating thereto or independently verified such information or data. In accordance with the requirements of the SEC, all operating costs were held constant for the life of the properties. 

It should be noted that no abandonment costs were included in this evaluation in accordance with the instructions of Everflow. According to Everflow, the cost and liability for any Asset Retirement Obligations are determined by Everflow and are subject to audit by an independent registered public accounting firm. Wright offers no opinion regarding Everflow s calculations for the abandonment costs and liabilities. 

Wright is not aware of any potential environmental liabilities that may exist concerning the properties evaluated. There are no costs included in this evaluation for potential property restoration, liability, or clean up of damages, if any, that may be necessary due to past or future operating practices. 

Wright is an independent petroleum consulting firm founded in 1988 and owns no interests in the oil and gas properties covered by this report. No employee, officer, or director of Wright is an employee, officer, or director of Everflow, nor does Wright or any of its employees have direct financial interest in Everflow. Neither the employment of nor the compensation received by Wright is contingent upon the values assigned or the opinions rendered regarding the properties covered by this report. 

This report is prepared for the information of Everflow, its shareholders, and for the information and assistance of its independent public accountants in connection with their review of and report upon the financial statements of Everflow, and for reporting disclosures as required by the SEC. This report is also intended for public disclosure as an exhibit in filings made to the SEC by Everflow. 

Based on data and information provided by Everflow, and the specified economic parameters, operating conditions, and government regulations considered applicable at the effective date, it is Wright s conclusion that this report provides a fair and accurate representation of the oil and gas reserves to the interests of Everflow in those certain properties included in this report. 

Mr. Michael W. Rathburn 

 Everflow Eastern Partners, L.P. 

 February 13, 2023 

 Page 4 

The professional qualifications of the petroleum consultants responsible for the evaluation of the reserves and economics information presented in this report meet the standards of Reserves Estimator as defined in the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information as promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers. 

It has been a pleasure to serve you by preparing this evaluation. All related data will be retained in our files and are available for your review. 

Very truly yours, 

Wright Company, Inc. 

By: 

/s/ D. Randall Wright 

D. Randall Wright 

			 President 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 eepl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 eepl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 eepl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 eepl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 eepl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

