<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1360214_0001493152-23-008718.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11217675</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>495838</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1784809</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3455662</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2430668</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2779834</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008718.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323170605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008718
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HARROW HEALTH, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001360214
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				450567010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35814
		FILM NUMBER:		23756999

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		102 WOODMONT BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 610
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37215
		BUSINESS PHONE:		615.733.4731

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		102 WOODMONT BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 610
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSDEL PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070912

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bywater Resources, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060421

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008718.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)(Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange 
 on
 Which Registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, based on the closing price of 7.28
for the registrant s common stock as quoted on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on that date. For purposes of this calculation, it has
been assumed that shares of common stock held by each director, each officer and each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding
common stock of the registrant are held by affiliates of the registrant. The treatment of these persons as affiliates for purposes of
this calculation is not conclusive as to whether such persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 

As
of March 22, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 40 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 41 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 52 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 52 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 53 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 53 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 53 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 53 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 57 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 58 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), unless indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms
the Company, Harrow, we, us and our refer to Harrow Health, Inc.
and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

In
addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future
performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as will, may, 
 should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 predicts, forecasts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or
other comparable terminology. All statements made in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and reflect only our current views, expectations and assumptions
with respect to future events and our future performance. If risks or uncertainties materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results or events could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Risks that could cause
actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements we make include, among others, risks related
to: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations, our ability to successfully implement
our business plan, develop and commercialize our proprietary formulations in a timely manner or at all, identify and acquire additional
proprietary formulations, manage our pharmacy operations, service our debt, obtain financing necessary to operate our business, recruit
and retain qualified personnel, manage any growth we may experience and successfully realize the benefits of our previous acquisitions
and any other acquisitions and collaborative arrangements we may pursue; competition from pharmaceutical companies, outsourcing facilities
and pharmacies; general economic and business conditions; regulatory and legal risks and uncertainties related to our pharmacy operations
and the pharmacy and pharmaceutical business in general; physician interest in and market acceptance of our current and any future formulations
and compounding pharmacies generally; our limited operating history; and the other risks and uncertainties described under the heading
 Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise
or publicly update any forward-looking statement for any reason. 

We
have registered trademarks, copyrights and/or pending trademark and copyright applications for a number of proprietary names in the United
States, including, but not limited to: Imprimis , ImprimisRx , Harrow Health , Visionology ,
Dropless , LessDrops , Dropless Cataract Surgery , Klarity-C , Dropless Therapy ,
MKO Melt , and Simple Drops . We may choose to pursue trademark protection in other jurisdictions for one
or more of these or other marks in the future. All other trademarks, service marks and trade names included or incorporated by reference
into this Annual Report, are the property of their respective owners. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview

We
are an ophthalmic-focused pharmaceutical company. Our business specializes in the development, production, sale, and distribution of
innovative prescription medications that offer unique competitive advantages and serve unmet needs in the marketplace through our subsidiaries
and deconsolidated companies. We serve ophthalmologists and optometrists by providing FDA-approved branded ophthalmic pharmaceuticals
and innovative compounded prescription medicines that are accessible and affordable. We own the U.S. commercial rights to ten branded
ophthalmic pharmaceutical products, including IHEEZO TM , IOPIDINE (both approved concentrations), MAXITROL eye drops,
MOXEZA , ILEVRO , NEVANAC , VIGAMOX , MAXIDEX , and TRIESENCE . We own and operate ImprimisRx, one of the nation s
leading ophthalmology-focused pharmaceutical-compounding businesses, and our branded drugs are marketed under our Harrow name. In addition,
we also have non-controlling equity positions in Surface Ophthalmics, Inc. Surface and Melt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Melt ),
both companies that began as subsidiaries of Harrow and were subsequently carved-out of our corporate structure and deconsolidated from
our financial statements. We also own royalty rights in certain drug candidates being developed by Surface and Melt. 

ImprimisRx

ImprimisRx
is our ophthalmology-focused pharmaceutical compounding businesses. From its inception in 2014, ImprimisRx, whose business consists of
integrated research and development, production, dispensing/distribution, sales, marketing, and customer-service capabilities, has offered
physician customers and their patients access to critical medicines to meet their clinical needs. Initially, ImprimisRx focused
exclusively on compounded medications to serve needs unmet by commercially available drugs. Our compounded medications include various
combinations of drugs formulated into one bottle and numerous preservative-free formulations. Depending on the formulation, the regulations
of a specific state, and ultimately the needs of the patient, ImprimisRx products may be dispensed as patient-specific medications from
our 503A pharmacy, or for in-office use, made according to current good manufacturing practices cGMPs or other guidance
documents from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), in our FDA-registered New Jersey outsourcing facility.
Our current ophthalmology formulary includes over 30 compounded formulations, many of which are patented or patent-pending, that are
customizable for the specific needs of a patient. We make our formulations available at prices that are, in most cases, lower than non-customized
commercial drugs. ImprimisRx s customer base has grown to include more than 10,000 U.S. eyecare-dedicated prescribers and institutions. 

1 

Branded
Pharmaceuticals and Drug Candidates 

Over
the past three years, in order to more fully serve the needs of our growing customer base, we have invested in broadening our product
portfolio to include FDA-approved products. Our investments in this regard have led to the pursuit and completion of several announced
transactions, and others we are continuing to pursue, all of which are focused on eyecare pharmaceuticals. We believe that our continued
investments in these and other products will result in our ability to provide more physician prescribers and their patients with access
to a complete portfolio of affordable eyecare pharmaceuticals to address their clinical needs. 

ILEVRO ,
NEVANAC , VIGAMOX , MAXIDEX , TRIESENCE 

In
December 2022, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Novartis Technology, LLC and Novartis
Innovative Therapies AG (together, Novartis ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase from Novartis the exclusive
commercial rights to assets associated with the following ophthalmic products (collectively the Fab 5 Products in the
U.S. (the Fab 5 Acquisition ): 

ILEVRO 
 (nepafenac ophthalmic suspension) 0.3 , a non-steroidal, anti-inflammatory eye drop indicated for pain and inflammation associated
 with cataract surgery. 

NEVANAC 
 (nepafenac ophthalmic suspension) 0.1 , a non-steroidal, anti-inflammatory eye drop indicated for pain and inflammation associated
 with cataract surgery. 

VIGAMOX 
 (moxifloxacin hydrochloride ophthalmic solution) 0.5 , a fluoroquinolone antibiotic eye drop for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis
 caused by susceptible strains of organisms. 

MAXIDEX 
 (dexamethasone ophthalmic suspension) 0.1 , a steroid eye drop for steroid-responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and
 bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe. 

TRIESENCE 
 (triamcinolone acetonide injectable suspension) 40 mg/ml, a steroid injection for the treatment of certain ophthalmic diseases and
 for visualization during vitrectomy. 

We
closed the Fab 5 Acquisition on January 20, 2023. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, we made a one-time payment of 130,000,000
at closing, with up to another 45,000,000 due in a milestone payment related to the timing of the commercial availability of TRIESENCE.
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and various ancillary agreements, immediately following the closing and subject to certain conditions,
for a period that we expect to last approximately six months, and prior to the transfer of the Fab 5 Products new drug applications (the
 NDAs to us, Novartis will continue to sell the Fab 5 Products on our behalf and transfer the net profit from the sale
of the Fab 5 Products to us. Novartis has agreed to supply certain Fab 5 Products to the Company for a period of time after the NDAs
are transferred to us and to assist with technology transfer of the Fab 5 Products manufacturing to other third-party manufacturers,
if needed. 

IOPIDINE ,
MAXITROL EYE DROPS, MOXEZA 

In
December 2021, we acquired U.S. commercial rights to four FDA-approved ophthalmic medicines: IOPIDINE 1 and 0.5 (apraclonidine hydrochloride);
MAXITROL (neomycin/polymyxin B/dexamethasone) ophthalmic suspension; and MOXEZA (moxifloxacin hydrochloride). We believe by expanding
our product portfolio to include branded FDA-approved products, we will be uniquely positioned to leverage our commercial platform to
introduce unique lifecycle management strategies that could grow sales and address needs of our customers that we are unable to meet
with our other compounded product offerings. 

At
the time of closing the acquisition of the four products, we agreed to a transition period with the seller, which lasted six months following
the closing of the transaction. During the transition period, the seller continued to sell the products and transferred the net profit
from those sales to us. Following the transition period which ended in June 2022, we made IOPIDINE 1 and MAXITROL commercially available,
and expect to re-launch MOXEZA at a later date. 

IHEEZO 

In
July 2021, we acquired the exclusive U.S. and Canadian marketing and supply rights to IHEEZO (chloroprocaine hydrochloride ophthalmic
gel) 3 from Sintetica S.A. Sintetica ). The FDA approved IHEEZO for ocular surface anesthesia in September 2022. IHEEZO
is protected by an Orange Book-listed patent that is valid until 2038. We expect to commercially launch IHEEZO in the U.S. market during
2023. 

We
expect our commercial focus of IHEEZO to be on ophthalmic procedures that traditionally require the eye to be anesthetized, including
intravitreal injections and lens replacement procedures, which in aggregate we estimate to be over 11 million instances annually in the
U.S. (see also subheading Ophthalmology Market ). 

2 

IHEEZO
is protected by one issued, Orange Book listed patent and another patent-pending. The issued patent includes composition of matter and
method of use claims and could provide protection for IHEEZO into 2037. 

MAQ-100 

In
August 2021, we acquired exclusive marketing rights to MAQ-100 in the U.S. and Canada from Wakamoto Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Wakamoto ).
MAQ-100 is a preservative-free triamcinolone acetonide ophthalmic injection drug candidate. MAQ-100 is marketed and sold by Wakamoto
in Japan as MaQaid . Following Japan s Ministry of Health Labor and Welfare MHLW approval, MaQaid was launched
in Japan in 2010, indicated as an intravitreal injection for visualization for vitrectomy. Since its initial MHLW approval, the indication
for MaQaid was expanded to include (a) treatments for alleviation of diabetic macular edema, (b) macular edema associated with retinal
vein occlusion (or RVO), and (c) non-infectious uveitis. We are currently working with Wakamoto to assess a clinical pathway for MaQaid. 

We
are currently evaluating several programs to internally develop product candidates based on technology and know-how we own. We also expect
to continue to acquire and/or develop additional FDA-approved/approvable ophthalmic products and product candidates that will allow us
to leverage our commercial infrastructure to promote, sell, and ultimately bring these products to market. 

Ophthalmology
Market 

For
any ocular procedure, a surgeon may require drugs for sedation, dilation, anesthesia, inflammation and infection prevention, and ocular
surface preservation. The cataract surgery market continues to experience significant growth. According to Market Scope , approximately
4.8 million lens procedures were performed in the U.S. in 2021, 97 of those procedures for cataracts, with the number expected to grow
to 5.5 million lens procedures in 2026. Nearly 96 of the refractive surgery procedures performed are LASIK (laser in situ keratomileusis)
surgeries, an outpatient surgical procedure used to treat nearsightedness, farsightedness, and astigmatism. According to an article published
in 2021 in Clinical Ophthalmology , an estimated 800,000 eyes have been treated with laser correction surgery (such as LASIK) each
year for the last 10 years. 

Intravitreal
injections are one of the most common procedures performed by ophthalmologists in the United States. According to a 2023 article
published in Healio , approximately 8 million intravitreal injections are expected to be performed this year. These injections
are utilized to administer critical medications into the eye that treat diseases including but not limited to: proliferative
diabetic retinopathy, diabetic macular edema, wet age-related macular degeneration, neovascular glaucoma, retinal vein occlusions,
intraocular tumors, and endophthalmitis. In addition, products and product candidates are being developed and used to treat symptoms
associated with an eye disease known as geographic atrophy. Most of the medicines in these products and product candidates are
administered via intravitreal injection. Therefore, we believe as these products and product candidates gain commercial adoption,
the number of annual intravitreal injections should increase further and at an increased rate as compared to recent
years. 

Vitrectomy
is a surgical procedure undertaken by a specialist where the vitreous humor gel that fills the eye cavity is removed to provide
better access to the retina. This allows for a variety of repairs, including the removal of scar tissue, laser repair of retinal
detachments and treatment of macular holes. According to an October 2022 article on the Cleveland Clinic website,
U.S. surgeons perform about 225,000 vitrectomies each year. The number is likely to continue to grow as eye care providers find more
uses for vitrectomy. 

Chronic
non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye is an inflammatory disease that afflicts people of all ages, producing
swelling and destroying eye tissues, which can lead to severe vision loss and blindness. We estimate this disease affects approximately
100,000 people each year in the U.S. and causes approximately 30,000 new cases of blindness every year. The standard of care treatment
for this disease typically involves the use of short-acting corticosteroids to reduce uveitic flares (such as TRIESENCE) followed by
additional treatments of sustained release, lower dose steroids to minimize the risk of further flares. 

According
to the Glaucoma Research Foundation, there are over 3 million Americans experiencing glaucoma, and that only half of this population
are aware of their condition. Open-angle glaucoma (the most common type of glaucoma) is a condition of increased intraocular
pressure that causes gradual loss of sight. Glaucoma is incurable, and if not managed, can lead to blindness. Generally, the first
line of treatment consists of a prostaglandin analog (PGA) eye drop regimen. As the disease progresses, non-PGA products are
generally added as a second-line treatment. Topical agents, other than PGAs, include beta blockers, alpha agonists, miotics, and
steroids. According to a 2013 article in Glaucoma Today , up to 50 of glaucoma patients require more than one drug following
a few months of initial treatment and there is a direct correlation between the number of glaucoma bottles and decreased adherence;
however, the FDA has yet to approve a PGA combination product despite that combination products including a PGA
(Xalacom , DuoTrav and Ganfort are available outside of the U.S. According to a 2023 Market
Scope report, the global glaucoma pharmaceuticals market was expected to be 4.3 billion in 2022. 

Dry
eye occurs when the eye does not produce enough tears, or when the tears are not of the correct consistency and evaporate too quickly.
Inflammation of the surface of the eye may also occur. We believe that dry eye disease DED affects over 30 million people
in the U.S., and a major epidemiological study, the Beaver Dam Offspring Study, published in 2014 in the American Journal of Ophthalmology ,
reported that in a cohort of over 3,000 patients, DED was self-reported by 14.5 of the patients. According to a 2022 Market Scope
 report, the global dry eye product market was expected to grow from 5.7 billion in 2022 to 7.0 billion in 2027. Dry eye is among
the most common conditions seen by eyecare professionals. 

3 

Pharmaceutical
Compounding Businesses 

Pharmaceutical
Compounding 

Pharmaceutical
compounding is the science of combining different active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), all of which are approved by the FDA (either
as a finished form product or as a bulk drug ingredient), and excipients to create specialized pharmaceutical preparations. Physicians
and healthcare institutions use compounded drugs when commercially available drugs do not optimally treat a patient s needs. In
many cases, compounded drugs, such as ours, have wide market utility and may be clinically appropriate for large patient populations.
Examples of compounded formulations include medications with alternative dosage strengths or unique dosage forms, such as topical creams
or gels, suspensions, or solutions with more tolerable drug delivery vehicles. 

A
majority of our sales revenue in 2021 and 2022 was derived from making, selling and dispensing our compounded prescription drug formulations
as cash payment transactions between us and our end-user customer. As such, the majority of our commercial transactions did not involve
distributors, wholesalers, insurance companies, pharmacy benefit managers or other middle parties. In regard to our compounded formulations,
by not being reliant on insurance company formulary inclusion and pharmacy benefit manager payment clawbacks, we are able to simplify
the prescription transaction process. We believe the outcome of our compounding business model is a simple transaction, involving a patient-in-need,
a physician s diagnosis, a fair price and great service for a quality pharmaceutical product. 

Our
Compounding Facilities 

Pharmaceutical
compounding businesses are governed by Sections 503A and 503B of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA ). Section
503A of the FDCA provides that a pharmacy is only permitted to compound a drug for an individually identified patient based on a prescription
for the patient and is only permitted to distribute the drug interstate if the pharmacy is licensed to do so in the states where it is
compounded and where the medication is received. 

Section
503B of the FDCA provides that a pharmacy engaged in preparing sterile compounded drug formulations may voluntarily elect to register
as an outsourcing facility. Outsourcing facilities are permitted to compound large quantities of drugs without a prescription
and distribute them out of state with certain limitations, such as the formulation appearing on the FDA s drug shortage list or
the bulk drug substances contained in the formulations appearing on the FDA s clinical need list. Entities voluntarily
registering with FDA as outsourcing facilities are subject to additional requirements that do not apply to compounding pharmacies (operating
under Section 503A of the FDCA), including adhering to standards such cGMPs or other FDA guidance documents and being subject to regular
FDA inspection. 

We
operate two compounding facilities located in Ledgewood, New Jersey. Our New Jersey operations are comprised of two separate entities
and facilities, one of which is registered with the FDA as an outsourcing facility NJOF under Section 503B of the FDCA.
The other New Jersey facility RxNJ is a licensed pharmacy operating under Section 503A of the FDCA. All of our compounded
products that we sell, produce and dispense are made in the United States. 

We
believe that, with our current compounding pharmacy facilities and licenses and FDA registration of NJOF, we have the infrastructure
to scale our business appropriately under the current regulatory landscape and meet the potential growth in demand we are targeting.
We plan to invest in one or both of our facilities to further their capacity and efficiencies. Also, we may seek to access greater pharmacy
and production related redundancy and markets through acquisitions, partnerships or other strategic transactions. 

Carved-Out
Subsidiaries (De-Consolidated Businesses) 

We
have ownership interests in Surface, Melt, and Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Eton and hold royalty interests in some of
Surface s and Melt s drug candidates. These companies are pursuing market approval for their drug candidates under the FDCA,
including in some instances under the abbreviated pathway described in Section 505(b)(2), which permits the submission of an NDA where
at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant
has not obtained a right of reference. 

Noncontrolling
Equity Interests 

Melt
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Melt
is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of proprietary non-intravenous, sedation
and anesthesia therapeutics for human medical procedures in hospital, outpatient, and in-office settings. Melt is seeking regulatory
approval for its proprietary technologies, where possible. In December 2018, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Melt (the
 Melt Asset Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which Harrow assigned to Melt the underlying intellectual property for Melt s
current pipeline, including its lead drug candidate MELT-300. The core intellectual property Melt owns is a patented series of combination
non-opioid sedation drug formulations that we estimate to have multitudinous applications. 

4 

MELT-300
is a novel, sublingually delivered, non-IV, opioid-free drug candidate being developed for procedural sedation. In February 2021, Melt
announced data from, and the successful completion of, its Phase 1 study. In December 2022, Melt announced topline data from its Phase
2 study for MELT-300: 

In
 a study of more than 300 patients, at 9 study sites, all undergoing cataract surgery, MELT-300 achieved its primary procedural sedation
 endpoint, demonstrating statistical superiority for procedural sedation compared to all comparator treatment arms, including midazolam
 3mg (P=0.0129) and ketamine 50mg (P=0.0096). 

Using
 the validated Ramsey Sedation Scale (RSS), MELT-300 treatment arm patients were 50 less likely to require rescue sedation compared
 to midazolam 3mg (P=0.0198). 

Using
 the RSS, MELT-300 treatment arm patients were 66 less likely to require rescue sedation pre-operatively compared to the midazolam
 3mg treatment arm. 

MELT-300 s
 safety profile was generally comparable to the placebo arm. 

In
January 2019, Melt closed an offering of its Series A Preferred Stock. At that time, we gave up our controlling interest and deconsolidated
Melt from our consolidated financial statements. We own 3,500,000 shares of Melt common stock, which was approximately 46 of Melt s
equity and voting interests issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. In September 2021, we provided Melt with a senior secured
loan with a principal amount of 13,500,000, which was used to fund the Phase 2 program of MELT-300. 

Melt
is required to make mid-single digit royalty payments to the Company on net sales of MELT-300, while any patent rights remain outstanding,
subject to other conditions. Melt can require the Company to cease compounding like products at the time of FDA approval of MELT-300.
If approved, we do not expect a cessation of compounding like products to have a material impact on our operations and financial performance.

Surface
Ophthalmics, Inc. 

Surface
is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on development and commercialization of innovative therapeutics for ocular surface
diseases. 

SURF-100
 for Chronic Dry Eye Disease: Surface completed its 350-patient Phase 2 clinical trial, comparing five active arms of SURF-100
 study drugs with the current market-leading prescription chronic dry eye treatments. According to Surface, the SURF-100 Phase 2 clinical
 trial achieved superiority for both signs and symptoms of chronic dry eye disease compared to market leading incumbents, as well
 as generating positive data on onset and duration of action. 

SURF-200
 for Acute Dry Eye : Surface has completed enrollment of its Phase 2 clinical trial for SURF-200 and expects to announce top-line
 results in 2023. 

SURF-201
 for Pain and Inflammation Following Ocular Surgery : According to the Surface results, SURF-201 was dosed twice daily, met its
 primary endpoints of absence of inflammation at both Day 8 and Day 15 and was found to be safe and well-tolerated by the patient
 group. In addition, a secondary endpoint showed almost 90 of patients given SURF-201 were pain free at Day 15. 

In
2018, Surface closed an offering of its Series A Preferred Stock. At that time, we lost our controlling interest and deconsolidated Surface
from our consolidated financial statements. During May, June and July of 2021, Surface closed an offering of its preferred stock at a
purchase price of 4.50 per share resulting in gross proceeds to Surface of approximately 25,000,000 (the Surface Series B Offering ).
We own 3,500,000 shares of Surface common stock, which was approximately 20 of Surface s equity and voting interests as of December
31, 2022. Harrow owns mid-single-digit royalty rights on net sales of SURF-100, SURF-200 and SURF-201. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Eton
is an innovative pharmaceutical company focused on developing, acquiring, and commercializing treatments for rare diseases. Eton currently
commercializes ALKINDI SPRINKLE and Carglumic Acid tablets and has additional rare disease products under development, including
dehydrated alcohol injection and the ZENEO hydrocortisone autoinjector. In May 2017, we gave up our controlling interest in Eton.
We own 1,982,000 shares of Eton common stock, which represented less than 10 of Eton s equity and voting interests issued and
outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

5 

Sales
and Marketing 

The
focus of our sales and marketing is in the U.S. We do, however, believe that our proprietary drug formulations, drug candidates and drug
products could have commercial appeal in international markets, and in the past we have engaged distributors and entered into out-licensing
arrangements for certain of our proprietary formulations in certain non-U.S. markets, including Canada. Our sales and marketing activities
consist primarily of efforts to educate doctors, ambulatory surgery centers, healthcare systems, hospitals and other users throughout
the U.S. about our branded drug products and compounded formulations. We expect that we may experience growth in the sales of our products
in future periods, particularly in light of our current and planned launches of new formulations and commercialization campaigns. However,
we may not be successful in doing so, whether due to the safety, quality or availability of our proprietary compounded formulations,
the size of the markets for such formulations, which could be smaller than we expect, the timing of market entry relative to competitive
products, the availability of alternative compounded formulations or FDA-approved drugs, the price of our compounded formulations relative
to alternative products or the success of our sales and marketing efforts, which is dependent on our ability to build and grow a qualified
and adequate internal sales function. 

We
expect to continue to acquire and/or develop additional FDA-approved ophthalmic drugs that allow us to leverage our existing commercial
infrastructure to promote, sell, and ultimately bring these products to market. As we execute this strategy, we will continue to expand
our sales and marketing team, expertise and expenses. This includes the addition of market access expertise and team members, where roles
include discussions with payors regarding the costs and benefits of our products for their members, assisting with the addition of our
products to the medical policy of payors, and providing the market with assistance regarding reimbursement queries. 

In
the past, we entered into various sales and marketing agreements with certain organizations to provide exclusive sales and marketing
representation services in select geographies in the U.S., in connection with our pharmaceutical products and compounded formulations.
Under the terms of the sales and marketing agreements, we are required to make commission payments, generally equal to a certain percentage
of net sales for products above and beyond the initial existing sales amounts. At the end of 2022, we began to end many of these arrangements
and we plan to replace these arrangements with and invest in a traditional salaried salesforce over time. 

Competition 

The
pharmaceutical and pharmacy industries are highly competitive. We compete against branded drug companies, generic drug companies, outsourcing
facilities and compounding pharmacies. We are smaller than some of our competitors, and we may lack the financial and other resources
needed to develop, produce, distribute, market and commercialize any of our branded products and proprietary formulations or compete
for market share in these sectors. The drug products available through branded and generic drug companies with which our products and
formulations compete have been approved for marketing and sale by the FDA and are required to be manufactured in facilities compliant
with cGMP standards. Although we prepare some of our compounded formulations in accordance with cGMP standards and our other formulations
are produced according to the standards provided by United States Pharmacopoeia (USP) and USP and applicable
state and federal law, our compounded formulations are not required to be, and have not been, approved for marketing and sale by the
FDA. As a result, some physicians may be unwilling to prescribe, and some patients may be unwilling to use, our compounded formulations.
Additionally, under federal and state laws applicable to our current compounding pharmacy operations operating under Section 503A of
the FDCA, we are not permitted to prepare significant amounts of a specific formulation in advance of a prescription, compound quantities
for office use or utilize a wholesaler for distribution of our formulations; instead, our compounded formulations must be prepared and
dispensed in connection with a physician prescription for an individually identified patient. Pharmaceutical companies, on the other
hand, are able to sell their FDA-approved products to large pharmaceutical wholesalers, who can in turn sell to and supply hospitals
and retail pharmacies. Even though we have registered NJOF with the FDA, our compounding business may not be scalable on the scope available
to our competitors that produce FDA-approved drugs, which may limit our potential for profitable operations. These facets of our operations
may subject our business to limitations our competitors offering only FDA-approved drugs may not face. 

Biotechnology
and related pharmaceutical technologies are subject to rapid and significant change. Our future success will depend in large part on
our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to these technologies. Products developed by our competitors, including FDA-approved
drugs and compounded formulations created by other pharmacies, could render our products and technologies obsolete or unable to compete.
Any products that we develop may become obsolete before we recover expenses incurred in developing the products, which may require that
we seek additional funds that may or may not be available to continue our operations. The competitive environment requires an ongoing,
extensive search for medical and technological innovations and the ability to develop and market these innovations effectively, and we
may not be competitive with respect to these factors. Other competitive factors include the safety and efficacy of a product, the size
of the market for a product, the timing of market entry relative to competitive products, the availability of alternative compounded
formulations or approved drugs, the price of a product relative to alternative products, the availability of third-party reimbursement,
the success of sales and marketing efforts, brand recognition and the availability of scientific and technical information about a product.
Although we believe we are positioned to compete favorably with respect to many of these factors, if our proprietary formulations are
unable to compete with the products of our competitors, we may never gain market share or achieve profitability. 

6 

Factors
Affecting Our Performance 

We
believe the primary factors affecting our performance are our ability to increase revenues of our proprietary compounded formulations
and certain non-proprietary products, grow and gain operating efficiencies in our pharmacy operations, potential regulatory-related restrictions,
optimize pricing and obtain reimbursement options for our proprietary compounded formulations, and continue to pursue development and
commercialization opportunities for certain of our ophthalmology and other assets that we have not yet made commercially available as
compounded formulations. We believe we have built a tangible and intangible infrastructure that will allow us to scale revenues efficiently
in the near and long-term. All of these activities will require significant costs and other resources, which we may not have or be able
to obtain from operations or other sources. See Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 

Medicare,
Medicaid and Other Reimbursement Options 

Sales
in the United States of our marketed products are dependent, in large part, on the availability and extent of reimbursement from third-party
payors, including private payor healthcare and insurance programs, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies,
and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, see also Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional risks related
to reimbursement and government programs. 

We
participate in, and have certain price reporting obligations to, the Medicaid Drug Rebate program, state Medicaid supplemental rebate
program(s), and other governmental pricing programs. We also have obligations to report the average sales price for certain drugs to
the Medicare program. Under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program, we are required to pay a rebate to each state Medicaid program for our
covered outpatient drugs that are dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries and paid for by a state Medicaid program as a condition of having
federal funds being made available for our drugs under Medicaid and Part B of the Medicare program. 

Medicare
is a federal program that is administered by the federal government that covers individuals age 65 and over or that are disabled as well
as those with certain health conditions. Medicare Part B generally covers drugs that must be administered by physicians or other health
care practitioners; are provided in connection with certain durable medical equipment; or are certain oral anti-cancer drugs and certain
oral immunosuppressive drugs. Medicare Part B pays for such drugs under a payment methodology based on the average sales price of the
drugs. Manufacturers, including us, are required to report average sales price information to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid
Services CMS on a quarterly basis. The manufacturer-submitted information may be used by CMS to calculate Medicare payment
rates. Starting in 2023, manufacturers must pay refunds to Medicare for single-source drugs or biological products, or biosimilar biological
products, reimbursed under Medicare Part B and packaged in single-dose containers or single-use packages for units of discarded drug
reimbursed by Medicare Part B in excess of 10 of total allowed charges under Medicare Part B for that drug. Manufacturers that fail
to pay refunds could be subject to civil monetary penalties. Further, starting in 2023, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA establishes a Medicare Part B inflation rebate scheme under which, generally speaking, manufacturers will owe rebates if the average
sales price of a Part B drug increases faster than the pace of inflation. Failure to timely pay a Part B inflation rebate is subject
to a civil monetary penalty. 

The
IRA also creates a drug price negotiation program under which, after being on the market for a certain period of time, the prices for
certain high Medicare spending drugs and biological products provided to Medicare patients without generic or biosimilar competition
will be capped by reference to, among other things, a specified non-federal average manufacturer price, starting in 2026. Failure to
comply with requirements under the drug price negotiation program is subject to an excise tax and a civil monetary penalty. This or any
other legislative change could impact the market conditions for our products. 

IHEEZO
and TRIESENCE are covered under Medicare Part B and we may develop other drug candidates and/or acquire drug products that are also covered
under Medicare Part B. In February 2023, we announced that CMS had issued a permanent, product specific J-code for IHEEZO (J2403) which
will become effective under the Healthcare Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) on April 1, 2023. TRIESENCE has a permanent product specific
J-code (J3301) as well, which physicians can use for reimbursement purposes of that product. New drugs approved by the FDA that are used
in surgeries performed in a hospital outpatient departments or ambulatory surgical centers may receive a transitional pass-through reimbursement
under Medicare, provided they meet certain criteria, including a not insignificant cost criterion. Pass-through status
allows for separate payment (i.e., outside the packaged payment rate for the surgical procedure) under Medicare Part B, which consists
of Medicare reimbursement for a drug based on a defined formula for calculating the minimum fee that a manufacturer may charge for the
drug. Under current regulations of CMS, pass-through status applies for a period of three years; which is measured from the date Medicare
makes its first pass-through payment for the product. Following the three-year period, the product would be incorporated into the cataract
bundled payment system, which could significantly reduce the pricing for that product. Temporary pass-through reimbursement for IHEEZO
was awarded by CMS and will be made effective in the second quarter of 2023. Following the expiration of pass-through status, under current
CMS policy, non-opioid pain management surgical drugs when used on Medicare Part B patients in an outpatient setting can qualify for
ongoing separate payments. CMS current non-opioid separate payment policy, like other CMS policies, can be changed by CMS through
its annual rulemaking and comment process. We believe that CMS will continue its separate payment policy for non-opioid pain management
surgical drugs, which has been in effect since 2019. 

7 

In
July of 2022, CMS issued its Proposed CY 2023 Payment Rule for Hospital Outpatient Services and ASCs. Based on the summary in the proposed
rule, DEXYCU, a product we previously promoted through a commercial alliance agreement with EyePoint Pharmaceuticals, Inc. no longer
qualified as a separately payable product in an ASC or outpatient setting and instead is now bundled into the general cataract procedure
code effective January 1, 2023. 

Medicaid
is a joint federal and state program that is administered by the states for low-income and disabled beneficiaries. Medicaid rebates are
based on pricing data reported by us on a monthly and quarterly basis to CMS, the federal agency that administers the Medicaid and Medicare
programs. These data include the average manufacturer price and, in the case of innovator products, the best price for each drug which,
in general, represents the lowest price available from the manufacturer to any entity in the U.S. in any pricing structure, calculated
to include all sales and associated rebates, discounts, and other price concessions. The amount of the rebate is adjusted upward if the
average manufacturer price increases at a faster rate than inflation (measured by reference to the Consumer Price Index Urban).
Currently, the rebate is capped at 100 of the average manufacturer price, but effective January 1, 2024, this cap on the rebate will
be removed, and our rebate liability could increase accordingly. 

If
we become aware that our reporting for a prior quarter was incorrect, or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data,
we are obligated to resubmit the corrected data for up to three years after those data originally were due, which revisions could affect
our rebate liability for prior quarters. The federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the PPACA made significant
changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate program, and CMS issued a final regulation, which became effective on April 1, 2016, to implement
the changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate program under the PPACA. Effective in 2022, CMS modified Medicaid Drug Rebate program regulations
to, among other things, permit reporting multiple best price figures with regard to value-based purchasing arrangements and provide definitions
for line extension, new formulation, and related terms with the practical effect of expanding the scope of
drugs considered to be line extensions. 

Civil
monetary penalties can be applied if we are found to have knowingly submitted any false pricing or other information to the government,
if we are found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of our average sales price, or if we fail to submit the required data
on a timely basis. Such conduct also could be grounds for CMS to terminate our Medicaid drug rebate agreement, in which case federal
payments may not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part B for our covered outpatient drugs. 

Federal
law requires that any company that participates in the Medicaid Drug Rebate program also participate in the Public Health Service s
340B drug pricing program (the 340B program in order for federal funds to be available for the manufacturer s drugs
under Medicaid and Medicare Part B. The 340B program, which is administered by the Health Resources and Services Administration HRSA ),
requires participating manufacturers to agree to charge statutorily defined covered entities no more than the 340B ceiling price 
for the manufacturer s covered outpatient drugs. Covered entities include hospitals that serve a disproportionate share of financially
needy patients, community health clinics, and other entities that receive certain types of grants under the Public Health Service Act.
The PPACA expanded the list of covered entities to include certain free-standing cancer hospitals, critical access hospitals, rural referral
centers, and sole community hospitals, but exempts orphan drugs from the ceiling price requirements for these covered entities.
The 340B ceiling price is calculated using a statutory formula, which is based on the average manufacturer price and Medicaid rebate
amount for the covered outpatient drug as calculated under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program. In general, products subject to Medicaid
price reporting and rebate liability are also subject to the 340B ceiling price calculation and discount requirement. 

HRSA
issued a final regulation regarding the calculation of the 340B ceiling price and the imposition of civil monetary penalties on manufacturers
that knowingly and intentionally overcharge covered entities, which became effective on January 1, 2019. It is currently unclear how
HRSA will apply its enforcement authority under this regulation. Any charge by HRSA that we have violated the requirements of the regulation
could result in civil monetary penalties. Moreover, under a final regulation effective January 13, 2021, HRSA established a new administrative
dispute resolution ADR process for claims by covered entities that a manufacturer has engaged in overcharging, and by
manufacturers that a covered entity violated the prohibitions against diversion or duplicate discounts. Such claims are to be resolved
through an ADR panel of government officials rendering a decision that could be appealed only in federal court. An ADR proceeding could
subject us to onerous procedural requirements and could result in additional liability. On November 30, 2022, HRSA issued a notice of
proposed rulemaking that proposes several changes to the ADR process. HRSA also implemented a price reporting system under which we are
required to report our 340B ceiling prices to HRSA on a quarterly basis, which then publishes those prices to 340B covered entities.
In addition, legislation could be passed that would further expand the 340B program to additional covered entities or would require participating
manufacturers to agree to provide 340B discounted pricing on drugs used in an inpatient setting. 

In
order to be eligible to have our products paid for with federal funds under the Medicaid and Medicare Part B programs and purchased by
certain federal agencies and grantees, we participate in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs VA Federal Supply Schedule FSS pricing program. FSS participation is required for our products to be purchased by the VA, Department of Defense DoD ), Coast Guard, and Public Health Service PHS ). Prices for innovator drugs purchased by the VA, DoD,
Coast Guard, and PHS are subject to a cap (known as the Federal Ceiling Price equal to 76 of the annual non-federal average
manufacturer price non-FAMP minus, if applicable, an additional discount. The additional discount applies if non-FAMP
increases more than inflation (measured by reference to the Consumer Price Index - Urban). We also participate in the Tricare Retail
Pharmacy Program, under which we pay quarterly rebates to DoD for prescriptions of our innovator drugs dispensed to Tricare beneficiaries
through Tricare Retail network pharmacies. The governing statute provides for civil monetary penalties for failure to provide information
timely or for knowingly submitting false information to the government. 

8 

Medicare
Part D provides coverage to enrolled Medicare patients for self-administered drugs (i.e., drugs that are not administered by a physician).
Medicare Part D is administered by private prescription drug plans approved by the U.S. government and, subject to detailed program rules
and government oversight, each drug plan establishes its own Medicare Part D formulary for prescription drug coverage and pricing, which
the drug plan may modify from time to time. The prescription drug plans negotiate pricing with manufacturers and pharmacies, and may
condition formulary placement on the availability of manufacturer discounts. In addition, manufacturers, including us, are required to
provide to CMS a 70 discount on brand name prescription drugs utilized by Medicare Part D beneficiaries when those beneficiaries are
in the coverage gap phase of the Part D benefit design. The IRA includes a sunset provision with respect to the coverage gap discount
program starting in 2025 and replaces it with a new manufacturer discount program. In addition, as of October 2022, the IRA established
a Medicare Part D inflation rebate scheme under which, manufacturers will generally owe additional rebates if the average manufacturer
price of a Part D drug increases faster than the pace of inflation. Failure to timely pay a Part D inflation rebate is subject to a civil
monetary penalty. 

Private
payor healthcare and insurance providers, health maintenance organizations, and pharmacy benefit managers in the United States are adopting
more aggressive utilization management techniques and are increasingly requiring significant discounts and rebates from manufacturers
as a condition to including products on formulary with favorable coverage and copayment/coinsurance. These payors may not cover or adequately
reimburse for use of our products or may do so at levels that disadvantage them relative to competitive products. 

Our
proprietary ophthalmic compounded formulations are primarily available on a cash-pay basis and generally are not subject to Medicare,
Medicaid, or other payor-related initiatives. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
success and ability to compete depends upon our ability to protect our intellectual property. We conduct a fulsome analysis of the intellectual
property landscape prior to acquiring rights to formulations and filing patent applications. In addition, as of March 15, 2023, we owned
and/or licensed more than 50 total issued and pending patent applications, which include U.S.-issued patents, international-issued patents,
and U.S. and foreign/international patent pending applications. We expect to file additional patent applications in the U.S. and pursue
patent protection for certain of our formulations in other important international jurisdictions in the future. 

As
of March 15, 2023, we had, on a worldwide basis, more than 100 issued trademarks, pending trademark and copyright applications, or
registered copyright and/or trademarks including, but not limited to IHEEZO , Imprimis , ImprimisRx , Harrow
Health , Dropless , LessDrops , Dropless Cataract Surgery , Dropless Cataract Therapy , Dropless Therapy ,
MKO Melt , and Simple Drops . We may choose to pursue trademark protection in other jurisdictions for any one or more of
these or other marks in the future. We also rely on unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation in
order to develop our formulations, which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants,
collaborators and others, including certain service providers. We also have invention or patent assignment agreements with our
current employees and certain consultants. However, our employees and consultants may breach these agreements, and we may not have
adequate remedies for any breach, or our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. In
addition, inventions relevant to us could be developed by a person not bound by an invention assignment agreement with us, in which
case we may have no rights to use the applicable invention. 

Governmental
Regulation 

Our
business is subject to federal, state and local laws, regulations, and administrative practices, including, among others: federal, state
and local licensure and registration requirements concerning the operation of pharmacies and the practice of pharmacy; the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA the Health Care Reform Law; statutes and regulations of the FDA, the
U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and the U.S. Consumer Product Safety
Commission, as well as regulations promulgated by comparable state agencies concerning the sale, advertisement and promotion of the products
we sell. The regulatory and quality compliance environment for compounded drugs has become significantly more rigorous, complex and strict
since the passage of The Drug Quality and Security Act of 2013. The complexity of the current state and federal regulatory environment,
as well as the expected continued evolution of state and federal laws governing pharmaceutical compounding, have and will continue to
present potentially significant challenges to our business model and the fulfillment of our mission as a company. Below are descriptions
of some of the various federal and state laws and regulations which may govern or impact our current and planned operations. 

FDA
New Drug Application Process 

As
discussed in other sections of this Annual Report, we are pursuing, and may continue to pursue, alone or with project partners, FDA approval
to market and sell one or more of our product candidates through the FDA s NDA process. As a condition of approval, the FDA or
other regulatory authorities may require further studies, including Phase 4 post-marketing studies, to provide additional data. Other
post-marketing studies may be required to gain approval for the use of a product as a treatment for clinical indications other than those
for which the product was initially tested and approved. Also, the FDA or other regulatory authorities require post-marketing reporting
to monitor the adverse effects of a drug. Results of post-marketing programs may limit or expand the further marketing of a product. 

9 

The
FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer
advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the Internet.
A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy that are approved by the FDA. Failure to comply with these requirements
can result in adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising, fines and potential civil and criminal penalties. 

Section
505(b)(2) New Drug Applications 

As
an alternate path for FDA approval of new indications or new formulations of previously-approved products, a company may file a Section
505(b)(2) NDA instead of a stand-alone or full NDA. Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA was enacted as part of
the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, otherwise known as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. Section 505(b)(2)
permits the submission of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or
for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. Some examples of products that may be allowed to
follow a Section 505(b)(2) path to approval are drugs that have a new dosage form, strength, route of administration, formulation or
indication. The AMP-100 NDA that was submitted and we expect the MAQ-100 NDA will be submitted as Section 505(b)(2) NDAs. 

The
Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit the applicant to rely upon certain published nonclinical or clinical studies conducted for an approved
product or the FDA s conclusions from prior review of such studies. The FDA may require companies to perform additional studies
or measurements to support any changes from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new product for all or some of the labeled
indications for which the reference product has been approved, as well as for any new indication supported by the Section 505(b)(2) application.
While references to nonclinical and clinical data not generated by the applicant or for which the applicant does not have a right of
reference are allowed, all development, process, stability, qualification and validation data related to the manufacturing and quality
of the new product must be included in an NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2). 

To
the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on the FDA s conclusions regarding studies conducted for an already
approved product, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s
Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, or Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify that: (i) the
required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will
expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed
by the new product. The Section 505(b)(2) application also will not be approved until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity
for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed in the Orange Book for the reference product has expired. Thus, the Section 505(b)(2)
applicant may invest a significant amount of time and expense in the development of its products only to be subject to significant delay
and patent litigation before its products may be commercialized. 

Pharmacy
Regulation 

Our
pharmacy operations are regulated by both individual states and the federal government. Every state has laws and regulations addressing
pharmacy operations, including regulations relating specifically to compounding pharmacy operations. These regulations generally include
licensing requirements for pharmacists, pharmacy technicians and pharmacies, as well as regulations related to compounding processes,
safety protocols, purity, sterility, storage, controlled substances, recordkeeping and regular inspections, among other things. State
rules and regulations are updated periodically, generally under the jurisdiction of individual state boards of pharmacy. Failure to comply
with the state pharmacy regulations of a particular state could result in a pharmacy being prohibited from operating in that state, financial
penalties and/or becoming subject to additional oversight from that state s board of pharmacy. In addition, many states are considering
imposing, or have already begun to impose, more stringent requirements on compounding pharmacies. If our pharmacy operations become subject
to additional licensure requirements, are unable to maintain their required licenses or if states place burdensome restrictions or limitations
on pharmacies, our ability to operate in some states could be limited. 

Federal
law limits compounding pharmacies from engaging in the practice of anticipatory compounding, which involves preparing compounded medications
before the actual receipt of a prescription or practitioner s order, unless the compounding pharmacy has a history of filling certain
prescriptions for a customer. In such cases, it is acceptable to engage in anticipatory compounding or the preparation of larger batches
so that medications will be ready when they are needed. Anticipatory compounding also reduces the cost of compounded medications, as
economies of scale can be realized by producing larger batches. Anticipatory compounding also leads to less wasted chemicals, dilutions,
fillers, and other associated products that are produced, and greater accuracy and uniformity in finished medications, as larger batches
decrease the variation caused by preparing multiple, smaller batches. Based on our history of meeting the needs of our customers, we
are able to anticipatorily compound batches of our formulations for our customers, per the applicable regulations. 

10 

Many
of the states into which we deliver pharmaceuticals have laws and regulations that require out-of-state pharmacies to register with,
or be licensed by, the boards of pharmacy or similar regulatory bodies in those states. These states generally permit the dispensing
pharmacy to follow the laws of the state within which the dispensing pharmacy is located. However, various state pharmacy boards have
enacted laws and/or adopted rules or regulations directed at restricting or prohibiting the operation of out-of-state pharmacies by,
among other things, requiring compliance with all laws of the states into which the out-of-state pharmacy dispenses medications, whether
or not those laws conflict with the laws of the state in which the pharmacy is located, or requiring the pharmacist-in-charge to be licensed
in that state. To the extent that such laws or regulations are found to be applicable to our operations, we believe we comply with them. 

Further,
under federal law, Section 503A of the FDCA previously had language that implied a limitation of the amount of compounded products that
a pharmacy can distribute interstate. The interpretation and enforcement of this provision is dependent on the FDA entering into a standard
Memorandum of Understanding MOU with each state setting forth limits on shipments of interstate compounding. In January
of 2019, the FDA released the 2018 Compounding Policy Priorities Plan (the 2018 Compounding Plan which provided
an overview of the key priorities the FDA planned to focus on in 2018 in connection with compounding regulations. One of the priorities
outlined in the 2018 Compounding Plan addressed the FDA s plan to release a revised MOU (the Revised MOU ). Pursuant
to the statements in the 2018 Compounding Plan, the Revised MOU would consider amounts shipped interstate by a compounder to be inordinate
amounts if the number of prescriptions of compounded drugs distributed interstate during any calendar month is greater than 50
percent. Importantly, instead of that number serving as a hard limit, for state action, the 50 target would trigger
certain additional reporting requirements. On October 27, 2020, the FDA announced availability of a final MOU, Addressing Certain Distributions
of Compounded Human Drug Products Between the State Board of Pharmacy or Other Appropriate State Agency and the Food and Drug Administration
(the Final MOU ). The Final MOU describes the responsibilities of a state board of pharmacy, or other appropriate state
agency that chooses to sign the Final MOU, in investigating and responding to complaints related to drug products compounded in such
state and distributed outside such state and in addressing the interstate distribution of inordinate amounts of compounded human drug
products. Additionally, as part of the Final MOU, the FDA refined the definition of inordinate amount, a threshold for
certain information identification and sharing which does not place a limit on the distribution of compounded human drug products interstate
by a pharmacy located in a state that has entered into the Final MOU. Section 503A of the FDCA sets a 5 limit on compounded drugs distributed
outside the state by a pharmacist, pharmacy or physician located in a state that has not entered into the Final MOU. In February 2022,
the FDA said it would suspend implementation of the Final MOU and engage in a formal rulemaking process. During the rulemaking process,
the agency will not enter into new agreements with states based on the Final MOU. The FDA does not expect states that have signed the
Final MOU to carry out the activities described in the Final MOU. Thus, there is no reporting requirement for any pharmacy concerning
interstate shipments pursuant to Section 503A and will not be until the Final MOU is finalized through the rulemaking process, which
will include the engagement of a notice-and-comment and rulemaking period to implement certain provisions of Section 503A. The agency
indicated that the process may take several years to complete. In the same announcement, the FDA stated it does not intend
to enforce the statutory 5 limit on the distribution of compounded drugs out of the state in which they are compounded by compounders
located in states that do not sign the Final MOU for the duration of the rulemaking process. 

Certain
provisions of the FDCA govern the preparation, handling, storage, marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical products. The Drug Quality
and Security Act of 2013 (the DQSA clarifies and strengthens the federal regulatory framework governing compounding pharmacies.
Title 1 of the DQSA, the Compounding Quality Act, modifies provisions of the Section 503A of the FDCA that were found to be unconstitutional
by the U.S. Supreme Court in 2002. In general, Section 503A provides that pharmacies are exempt from the provisions of the FDCA requiring
compliance with cGMP, labeling with adequate directions for use and FDA approval prior to marketing if the pharmacy complies with certain
other requirements. Among other things, to comply with Section 503A, a compounded drug must be compounded by a licensed pharmacist for
an identified individual patient on the basis of a valid prescription. Pharmacies may only compound in limited quantities before receipt
of a prescription for an individual patient and are subject to limitations on anticipatory compounding for distribution, which generally
permit anticipatory compounding only based on historical prescription volumes. 

The
DQSA also contained new Section 503B of the FDCA, which established an outsourcing facility as a new form of entity that is permitted
to compound larger quantities of drug formulations without a prescription, thus permitting the practice of anticipatory compounding,
and distributing them out of state without limitation, if the drug formulations appear on the FDA s drug shortage list or the bulk
drug substances contained in the formulations appear on a clinical need list to be established by the FDA. In January 2017,
the FDA issued Interim Policy on Compounding Using Bulk Drug Substances Under Section 503B of the FFDCA Interim Policy which informs stakeholders about how the FDA intends to exercise its enforcement discretion for compounding with those substances on
a Category 1 list while the agency compiles and evaluates its clinical needs list, and in March 2019 the FDA issued Evaluation
of Bulk Substances Nominated for Use in Compounding Under Section 503B of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act which provides
further guidance as to the FDA s policy for evaluating bulk drug substances nominated for use in compounding by outsourcing facilities.
Entities voluntarily registering as outsourcing facilities are subject to cGMP requirements and regular FDA inspection, among other requirements.
As described above, our current pharmacy operations in NJ are governed by Section 503A of the FDCA, and our New Jersey based outsourcing
facility is governed by Section 503B of the FDCA. 

11 

On
July 30, 2020, the FDA issued a notice for comments related to certain bulk drug substances to be removed from the 503B Bulk s
List (or Category 1 List). Included in this notice for comment were certain bulk drug substances which we currently use in some of
our compounded products. In the event one or more of these bulk substances are ultimately removed from the Category 1 List, we
intend to utilize commercially available versions of these substances or similar active pharmaceutical ingredients as replacements
of the bulk powders contained in our sterile products. In addition, nothing in the FDA s notice affects the dispensing of bulk
powder-containing products from our 503A pharmacy. Nonetheless, if all or some of the bulk drug substances we use are removed from
the 503B Bulk s List, this may result in a disruption in our operations, revenues and cash flows. In addition, during
September 2020 through January 2021, NJOF was inspected by the FDA (the 2020 Inspection and certain observations were
made by the FDA in a Form 483. Five observations made during the 2020 Inspection were considered repeat observations from a 2017 FDA
inspection of NJOF. In addition, during the 2020 Inspection, the FDA noted that we were compounding drugs for which there is no
change that produces for an individual patient a clinical difference, as determined by a prescribing practitioner, between a
compounded drug and the comparable approved drug. We have responded to the FDA regarding all of their observations from the 2020
Inspection, including providing documentation from prescribing clinicians that indicate a clinical difference between our compounded
drugs and the comparable approved drugs, while also committing to amend our order process to collect medical
necessity/clinical difference information for each order of our compounded drugs on a go-forward basis. 

In
two recent California federal court (the Court decisions, Allergan USA, Inc. v. Prescribers Choice, Inc. and Allergan
USA, Inc. v. Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the Court made rulings which impact 503B and 503A facilities operating in and
shipping to the state of California. In the Prescribers Choice case, the Court determined that while the FDA s interim
policies do not override the statutory obligations of the DQSA, the Court supported the FDA s authority and flexibility as it
determines what clinical needs exist and finalizes the bulk drug substances list. The Court would not hold a party liable under
California s Sherman Food, Drug and Cosmetic Law Sherman Law for selling, delivering, or giving away any new
drug that has not been approved by the California Department of Health Services or the FDA if that party has complied with the
FDA s Interim Policy. In other words, it is not unlawful in California to utilize bulk drugs appearing on the Category 1 list
while the FDA finalizes its clinical needs list. In the Imprimis Pharmaceuticals case, the Court made clear that its rulings
related to violations of California s Unfair Competition Law UCL (Cal. Bus. Prof. Code 17200) were
limited in geographical scope to drugs prepared in, dispensed from within or shipped to the State of California. With respect to
503A facilities, the Court followed FDA s guidance allowing compounding pharmacies to ship more than 5 of its medications out
of state while finalizing the MOUs. It further held that 503A facilities operating within or shipping into the state of California
must follow statutory guidance found in 21 U.S.C. 353(a). With respect to the statutory guidance related to compounding in response
to valid prescription orders, the Court added a requirement that the valid prescription order must contain language that an
FDA-approved drug is not medically appropriate. The practical effect of these two rulings is that 503A and 503B facilities
operating within or shipping drugs into the State of California now have clear guidance as to what is, and is not, lawful behavior
with respect the California s UCL and Sherman Law. 

We
prepare our compounded formulations in accordance with the standards provided by the USP and USP and applicable
state and federal law. In November 2022, USP published finalized revisions to USP chapters and , which had been
previously proposed for public comment in September 2021. The revisions include limitations on beyond use dating of sterile and preservative-free
products and batch sizes, among other changes. USP expects the published revisions to become effective November 1, 2023, however, regulatory
bodies such as state boards of pharmacy may adopt these changes at that time, or on different dates, on a case-by-case basis. While USP
has no role in enforcement, we believe the revisions to USP chapter in particular will likely cause two changes to our business,
which in the aggregate should have a neutral to positive revenue impact on Harrow: (i) we expect a reduction in revenues generated from
sales of formulations compounded by our 503A pharmacy, and (ii) we expect an increase in revenues from sales of formulations compounded
in our 503B facility. Further, we believe the changes to USP chapter will likely cause a reduction in the ability of local
503A pharmacies to produce compounded formulations to serve local markets, and that these changes in policy affecting sterile compounded
formulations, if adopted by the various states, may increase demand for compounded formulations from larger vendors such as Harrow and
cause further consolidation in the market for compounded formulations as smaller 503A pharmacies see a reduction in revenues from certain
segments of their formularies affected by these changes. 

Confidentiality,
Privacy and HIPAA 

Our
pharmacy operations involve the receipt, use and disclosure of confidential medical, pharmacy and other health-related information. In
addition, we use aggregated and blinded (anonymous) data for research and analysis purposes. The federal privacy regulations under HIPAA
are designed to protect the medical information of a healthcare patient or health plan enrollee that could be used to identify the individual.
Among other things, HIPAA limits certain uses and disclosures of protected health information and requires compliance with federal security
regulations regarding the storage, utilization and transmission of and access to electronic protected health information. The requirements
imposed by HIPAA are extensive. In addition, most states and certain other countries have enacted privacy and security laws that protect
identifiable patient information that is not health-related. For example, California recently enacted the California Consumer Privacy
Act (the CCPA that creates new individual privacy rights for consumers and places increased privacy and security obligations
on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. Effective January 1, 2020, the CCPA gives California residents expanded
privacy rights and protections, and provides civil penalties for violations and a private right of action for data breaches. The CCPA
exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to not only cyber threats but also the evolving regulatory environment related to personal
data and protected health information. Other countries also have, or are developing, laws governing the collection, use and transmission
of personal information, such as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR in the European Union (the EU that became effective in May 2018 and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act that became effective in Canada
in April 2000. Further, several states have enacted more protective and comprehensive pharmacy-related privacy legislation that not only
applies to patient records but also prohibits the transfer or use for commercial purposes of pharmacy data that identifies prescribers.
These regulations impose substantial requirements on covered entities and their business associates regarding the storage, utilization
and transmission of and access to personal health and non-health information. Many of these laws apply to our business. 

12 

International
Regulation 

If
we pursue commercialization of our branded products and proprietary formulations in countries other than the United States, then we may
need to obtain the approvals required by the regulatory authorities of such foreign countries that are comparable to the FDA and state
boards of pharmacy, and we would be subject to a variety of other foreign statutes and regulations comparable to those relating to our
U.S. operations. Regulatory frameworks and requirements vary by country and could involve significant additional licensing requirements
and product testing and review periods. 

Environmental
and Other Matters 

We
are or may become subject to environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, any use and disposal by us of hazardous
or potentially hazardous substances in connection with our research and preparation of our formulations. In addition, we are subject
to work safety and labor laws that govern certain of our operations and our employee relations. In each of these areas, as described
above, the FDA and other government agencies have broad regulatory and enforcement powers, including, among other things, the ability
to levy fines and civil penalties, suspend or delay issuance of approvals, licenses or permits, seize or recall products, and withdraw
approvals, any one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

COVID-19
Pandemic 

The
pandemic caused by an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus(the COVID-19 pandemic ), that is affecting the U.S. and global
economy and financial markets and the related responses of government, businesses and individuals are impacting our employees, patients,
communities and business operations. The implementation of travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place/stay-at-home and
social distancing orders and shutdowns, for example, affected our business in 2020 and 2021. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic
will continue to directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations and financial condition and those of our customers,
vendors, suppliers, and collaboration partners will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately
predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19, the actions taken to contain it or treat its impact and the
economic impact on local, regional, national and international markets. Management continues to actively monitor this situation and the
possible effects on our financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, industry, and workforce. In the paragraphs that follow,
we have described impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our clinical development programs. For additional information on risks posed by
the COVID-19 pandemic, please see Item 1A Risk Factors, included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Our
research and development R D expenses incurred in 2022 and 2021 primarily include expenses related to the upfront
and milestone payments from the acquisition and licensing of technology for drug and product candidates that were not yet approved by
the FDA (acquired in-process R D), development of intellectual property, researcher and investigator-initiated evaluations, and formulation
development related primarily to our ophthalmic formulations and certain other assets, in addition to costs associated with our drug
candidate development programs. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 3,050,000 in R D expenses, compared to 11,084,000 during the year ended December
31, 2021. The 2021 R D expenses included milestone payments of 8,117,000 to Sintetica related to our acquisition of rights to IHEEZO. 

Financial
Information About Segments and Geographic Areas 

Management
evaluated the Company s 2021 performance based on operating segments. Segment performance for its two operating segments was based
on segment contribution. Our reportable segments consisted of (i) our commercial stage pharmaceutical business (Pharmaceutical Compounding),
generally including the operations of our ImprimisRx business; and (ii) our start-up operations associated with our pharmaceutical drug
development business (Pharmaceutical Drug Development). Segment contribution for our segments represented net revenues less cost of sales,
R D expenses, selling and marketing expenses, and select general and administrative expenses. Management did not evaluate the following
items at the segment level: 

Operating
 expenses within selling, general and administrative expenses that result from the impact of corporate initiatives. Corporate initiatives
 primarily include integration, restructuring, acquisition and other shared costs; 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses that result from shared infrastructure, including certain expenses associated with legal matters,
 our board of directors and principal executive officers, investor relations and other like shared expenses; 

Other
 select revenues and operating expenses including R D expenses, amortization, and asset sales and impairments, net as not all
 such information has been accounted for at the segment level, or such information has not been used by both segments; and 

Total
 assets including capital expenditures. 

13 

Management
defined segment net revenues as pharmaceutical compounded drug sales, revenues from licenses and other revenues derived from related
agreements. 

Cost
of sales within segment contribution includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture formulations and sell products, including active
pharmaceutical ingredients, personnel costs, packaging, storage, royalties, shipping and handling costs, manufacturing equipment and
tenant improvements depreciation, the write-off of obsolete inventory and other related expenses. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses consisted mainly of personnel-related costs, marketing and promotion costs, distribution costs, professional
service costs, insurance, depreciation, facilities costs, transaction costs, and professional services costs, which are general in nature
and attributable to the segment. 

Beginning
in 2022, due to shifts in the Company s strategic plans and its organizational structure, management no longer evaluates the Company s
business in two segments and instead focuses on the performance of the business as a single operating business. 

See
Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for more information about our reportable segments. 

Human
Capital 

As
of March 15, 2023, we employed 217 employees. Our employees are engaged in pharmacy operations, sales, marketing, research, development,
and general and administrative functions. We expect to add additional employees in all departmental functions, with a focus on commercial
activities as we carry out our business plan in the next 12 months. We are not party to any collective bargaining agreements with any
of our employees. We have never experienced a work stoppage, and we believe our employee relations are good. We hire independent contractors
and consultants on an as-needed basis, and our salesforce is comprised primarily of contract sales organizations and contract labor. 

Talent
Acquisition and Retention 

We
recognize that our employees largely contribute to our success. To this end, we support business growth by seeking to attract and retain
best-in-class talent. Our talent acquisition team uses internal and external resources to recruit highly skilled candidates in the U.S..
We believe that we continue to attract and retain superior talent as measured by our turnover rate and employee service tenure. 

Total
Rewards 

Our
total rewards philosophy has been to create investment in our workforce by offering competitive compensation and benefits packages. We
provide employees with compensation packages that include base salary, annual incentive bonuses, and long-term equity awards. We also
offer comprehensive employee benefits, which vary by country and region, such as life, disability, and health insurance, health savings
and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, and a 401(k) plan. It is our expressed intent to be an employer of choice in our industry
by providing market-competitive compensation and benefits packages. 

Health,
Safety, and Wellness 

The
health, safety, and wellness of our employees is a priority in which we have always invested and will continue to do so. We provide our
employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible, and convenient health and wellness programs. Program benefits
are intended to provide protection and security, so employees can have peace of mind concerning events that may require time away from
work or that may impact their financial well-being. 

Diversity,
Equity, and Inclusion 

We
believe a diverse workforce is critical to our success. Our mission is to value differences in races, ethnicities, religions, nationalities,
genders, ages, sexual orientations, as well as education, skill sets and experience. We are focused on inclusive hiring practices, fair
and equitable treatment, organizational flexibility, and training and resources. 

Training
and Development 

We
believe in encouraging employees in becoming lifelong learners by providing ongoing learning, training and leadership opportunities.
We provide our employees with a tuition reimbursement program, and in certain instances, onsite training programs. While we strive to
provide real-time recognition of employee performance, we have a formal annual review process not only to determine pay and equity adjustments
tied to individual contributions, but to identify areas where training and development may be needed. 

14 

Corporate
Transparency 

In
early 2022, we released and published on our corporate website (harrowinc.com) our Corporate Transparency Report, which describes and
summarizes the initiatives the Company has undertaken and associated metrics related to certain issues including: 

Energy,
 Emissions, Waste and Water 
 
 Embracing
 our Community 

Supply
 Chain Management 
 
 Innovation/Sustainable
 Products 

Community
 Involvement 
 
 Employee
 Health and Safety 

Employee
 Recruitment, Development and Retention 
 
 Governance 

Employee
 Diversity 
 
 Drug
 Safety 

Business
 Ethics, Compliance and Bribery 
 
 Data
 Protection, Patient Data Privacy 

Company
Information 

We
were incorporated in Delaware in January 2006 as Bywater Resources, Inc. In September 2007, we closed a merger transaction with Transdel
Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. and changed our name to Transdel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. We changed our name to Imprimis Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. in February 2012. We changed the name of our company to Harrow Health, Inc. in December 2018. 

On
June 26, 2011, we suspended our operations and filed a voluntary petition for reorganization relief under Chapter 11 of the United States
Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of California, Case No. 11-10497-11. On December 8, 2011,
in connection with our entry into a line of credit agreement and securities purchase agreement with a third party, our voluntary petition
for reorganization relief was dismissed. 

Our
corporate headquarters are located at 102 Woodmont Blvd., Suite 610, Nashville, Tennessee, 37205, and our telephone number at such office
is (615) 733-4730. Our website address is www.harrowinc.com. Information contained on our website is not deemed part of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risk
Factors Summary 

We
are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including financial risks, operational risks, human capital risks, legal proceedings
and regulatory risks and certain general risks, that could have a material adverse effect on our business results of operations, financial
condition and prospects. Risks that we deem material are described under Risk Factors below and include, but are not limited
to, the following: 

Risks
Related to Economic Conditions and Operations of Our Business. 

Our
 ability to achieve and maintain profitability for our business; 

Our
 ability to successfully market, commercialize, and sell current, recently acquired and future products; 

Our
 current indebtedness and ability to access additional capital; 

Our
 ability to attract customers and increase sales of current and future products; 

Our
 ability to obtain marketing approval and ongoing expense associated with it for any of our drug candidates, including those we own
 royalty rights of; 

Our
 reliance on third parties for manufacturing certain components, FDA approved drugs and to conduct clinical trials; 

Our
 exposure to liabilities and reputation harm if our products give rise to defects, recalls, patient injury or death; 

The
 potential adverse impact of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic; 

Risks
Related to Government Regulations and Third-Party Policies 

Governmental
 regulations, including, but not limited to, potential changes to USP 797, 503B bulks list and others, that could or currently do
 burden operations or narrow the market for our products; 

Our
 sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures
 have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. 

The
 adoption and interpretation of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability. 

Our
 business may be affected by litigation and government investigations. 

Risks
Related to Competition 

Securing
 and maintaining patent or other intellectual property protection for our products and related improvements; 

Market
 acceptance of our drug products, drug candidates, compounded drugs and pharmacies; 

Our
 ability to successfully research, develop and timely manufacture our current and future products and drug candidates; 

Our
 ability to enforce protect our intellectual property rights along with the potential of future legal proceedings filed against us
 claiming intellectual property infringement; 

Retention,
 recruitment, and training of senior management and key personnel; 

15 

Risks
Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization 

We
 may not be able to develop commercial products despite significant investments in R 

Our
 branded products and product candidates in development cannot be sold without regulatory approval; 

Our
 drug candidates may face competition sooner than we expect; 

We
 rely on third parties to manufacture and conduct clinical trials of our branded drug products and product candidates 

We
 may not be successful in obtaining market exclusivity for our product candidates; 

Risks
Related to Our Notes 

Our
 ability pay the interest and debt service payments associated with the Notes; 

The
 Notes are unsecured, effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness, with limited protection for its holders; 

The
 Notes are subject to various market factors, including market interest rates, trading activity, third-party ratings and other factors 

General
Risk Factors 

Volatility
 of the price of our common stock; and 

Our
 stock price falling as a result of future offerings or sales. 

You
should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report. Our business,
financial condition, results of operations and stock price could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. 

Risks
Related to Economic Conditions and Operations of Our Business. 

We
may not be profitable in the future. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit was (109,493,000). Our current projections indicate that we will have operating income
and/or net income during 2023; however, these projections may not be correct and our plans could change. Also, we could incur increasing
operating losses in the foreseeable future for our commercialization activities, research and development, and our pharmaceutical compounding
business, which would impact net income. Recent changes to the accounting for equity investments require those investments to be measured
at fair market value, which may cause our earnings (losses) to become volatile as the stock prices of those equity investments fluctuate.
Although we have been generating revenue from our pharmaceutical operations, our ability to generate the revenues necessary to achieve
profitability will depend on many factors, including those discussed in this Risk Factors section. Our business plan and
strategies involve costly activities that are susceptible to failure, and, therefore, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue
to support and sustain our business or reach the level of sales and revenues necessary to achieve and sustain profitability. 

We
may not receive sufficient revenue to fund our operations and recover our development costs. 

Our
business plan involves the preparation and sale of our proprietary formulations through our compounding pharmacies and outsourcing facilities,
along with the sale and marketing of FDA-approved products and drug candidates through third-party wholesaler and pharmacy channels.
We have limited experience operating pharmacies and commercializing compounded formulations and selling FDA-approved products, and we
may be unable to successfully manage this business or generate sufficient revenue to recover our development costs and operational expenses.
We may have only limited success in marketing and selling our products and formulations. Although we have established and plan to grow
our internal sales teams to market and sell our products and formulations and other non-proprietary products, we have limited experience
with such activities and may not be able to generate sufficient physician and patient interest in our products and formulations to generate
significant revenue from sales of these products. In addition, we are substantially dependent on our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies
and outsourcing facilities, along with any pharmacy partners with which we may contract to compound and sell our formulations and products
using our quality standards and specifications, in a timely manner and sufficient volumes to accommodate the number of prescriptions
they receive. Our pharmacies may be unable to compound our formulations successfully, and we may be unable to acquire, build or enter
into arrangements with pharmacies or outsourcing facilities of sufficient size, reputation and quality to implement our business plan,
which would cause our business to suffer. 

We
may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our recent and any future product acquisitions. 

The
success of our product acquisitions will depend on, among other things, our ability to successfully integrate the products into our commercial
platform, transfer the products NDAs, maintain payer reimbursement coverage, maintain an adequate supply of the products, market the
products to our existing customers and re-introduce TRIESENCE to the ophthalmic market. If we experience difficulties with the implementation
of plans with respect to our acquisitions, the anticipated benefits of the recent or future acquisition may not be realized fully or
at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. Integration efforts will also divert management s attention and resources.
These matters could have an adverse effect during any transition period and for an undetermined period after completion of the acquisitions. 

16 

We
may not be able to correctly estimate our future operating expenses, which could lead to cash shortfalls. 

The
estimates of our future operating and capital expenditures are based upon our current business plan, our current operations and our current
expectations regarding the commercialization of our proprietary formulations. Our projections have varied significantly in the past as
a result of changes to our business model and strategy, our termination of efforts to pursue FDA approval of a drug candidate in November
2013, our acquisitions of compounding facilities and various product and corporate development opportunities since 2014, and the expenses
in developing our pharmacy facilities into outsourcing facilities and registering them as such with the FDA. We may not accurately estimate
the potential revenues and expenses of our operations. If we are unable to correctly estimate the amount of cash necessary to fund our
business, we could spend our available financial resources much faster than we expect. If we do not have sufficient funds to continue
to operate and develop our business, we could be required to seek additional financing earlier than we expect, which may not be available
when needed or at all, or be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our proposed operations. 

If
we do not successfully identify and acquire rights to potential formulations and successfully integrate them into our operations, our
growth opportunities may be limited. 

We
plan to pursue the development of new proprietary compounded formulations in the ophthalmology and/or other therapeutic areas, which
may include continued activities to develop and commercialize current assets or, if and as opportunities arise, potential acquisitions
of new intellectual property rights and assets. We also intend to seek opportunities to FDA approved products and drug candidates. However,
we expect acquisitions of compounding pharmacies to provide us with only limited research and development support and access to additional
novel compounded formulations. We have historically relied, and we expect to continue to rely, primarily upon third parties to provide
us with additional development opportunities. We may seek to enter into acquisition agreements or licensing arrangements to obtain rights
to develop new formulations and FDA approved products in the future, but only if we are able to identify attractive products and formulations
and negotiate acquisition or license agreements on terms acceptable to us, which we may not be able to do. Moreover, we have limited
resources to acquire additional potential product development assets and integrate them into our business. Acquisition opportunities
may involve competition among several potential purchasers, which could include large multi-national pharmaceutical companies and other
competitors that have access to greater financial resources than we do. If we are unable to obtain rights to development and commercial
opportunities from third parties and we are unable to rely upon our compounding pharmacies and current and future relationships with
pharmacists, physicians and other inventors to provide us with additional development opportunities, our growth and prospects could be
limited. 

Our
product development strategy is to focus on a ophthalmology and eye care related products and formulations in which we believe there
is broad market potential, large unmet needs and/or unique value to physicians and patients and to develop and offer formulations and
products within these therapeutic areas that could afford us with gross and operating margins consistent with our current and historical
figures. However, our expectations and assumptions about market potential and patient needs may prove to be wrong, and we may invest
capital and other resources on products, drug candidates, and formulations that do not generate sufficient revenues for us to recoup
our investment. 

We
may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize our proprietary formulations or any other assets we may acquire. 

We
have acquired assets related to compoundable formulations, drug products and drug candidates. We are currently pursuing development and
commercialization opportunities with respect to a number of these products, drug candidates and formulations, and we are in the process
of assessing certain of our other assets in order to determine whether to pursue their development or commercialization. In addition,
we expect to consider the acquisition of additional intellectual property rights or other assets in the future. Once we decide to pursue
a potential drug candidate, we develop a commercialization strategy for it, which may include marketing and selling the formulation in
compounded form through compounding pharmacies or outsourcing facilities, or pursuing FDA approval of the drug candidate. We may incorrectly
assess the risks and benefits of the commercialization options or we may not pursue a commercialization strategy that proves to be successful.
If we are unable to successfully commercialize one or more of our proprietary formulations, drug products and drug candidates, our operating
results would be adversely affected. Even if we are able to successfully sell one or more proprietary formulations, drug products and
drug candidates, we may never recoup our investment in acquiring or developing the formulations, drug products and drug candidates. Our
failure to identify and expend our resources and technologies with commercial potential and execute an effective commercialization strategy
for each of our formulations, drug products and drug candidates would negatively impact the long-term profitability of our business. 

We
may need additional capital in order to continue operating our business, and such additional funds may not be available when needed,
on acceptable terms, or at all. 

We
only recently started generating cash from operations, but we do not currently earn sufficient revenues to support our operations. We
may need significant additional capital to execute our business plan, execute on future acquisitions and fund our proposed business operations.
Additionally, our plans may change or the estimates of our operating expenses and working capital requirements could be inaccurate, we
may pursue acquisitions of FDA-approved products, drug candidates, pharmacies or other strategic transactions that involve large expenditures,
or we may experience growth more quickly or on a larger scale than we expect, any of which may result in the depletion of capital resources
more rapidly than anticipated and could require us to seek additional financing earlier than we expect to support our operations. 

17 

We
have raised over 200,000,000 in funds through equity and debt financings since 2021. We may seek to obtain additional capital through
equity or debt financings, funding from corporate partnerships or licensing arrangements, sales of assets or other financing transactions.
If we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities to raise funds, our existing stockholders may experience substantial dilution,
and the newly issued equity or debt securities may have more favorable terms or rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of
our existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements or sales of assets, we may have
to relinquish potentially valuable rights to our drug candidates or proprietary technologies, or grant licenses on terms that are not
favorable to us. If we raise funds by incurring additional debt, we may be required to pay significant interest expenses and our leverage
relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization may increase. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available,
would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments and may impose restrictions on our activities, such as the financial and operating
covenants. Further, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing transactions, including investment banking
fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash
expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as options, convertible notes and warrants, which would adversely impact
our financial results. 

We
have in the past and may in the future participate in strategic transactions that could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and
distract our management. 

From
time to time, we consider engaging in strategic transactions, such as out-licensing or in-licensing of compounds, drug candidates, drug
products or technologies, acquisitions of companies, and asset purchases. We may also consider a variety of different business arrangements
in the future, including strategic partnerships, joint ventures, spin-offs, carve-outs, restructurings, divestitures, business combinations
and investments. In addition, another entity may pursue us or certain of our assets or aspects of our operations as an acquisition target.
Any such transactions may require us to incur expenses specific to the transaction and not incident to our operations, may increase our
near- and long-term expenditures, may pose significant integration challenges, may require us to hire or otherwise engage personnel with
additional expertise, or may result in our selling or licensing of our assets or technologies under terms that may not prove profitable,
any of which could harm our operations and financial results. Such transactions may also entail numerous other operational and financial
risks, including, among others, exposure to unknown liabilities, disruption of our business and diversion of our management s time
and attention in order to develop acquired products, drug candidates, technologies or businesses. 

As
part of our efforts to complete any significant transaction, we would need to expend significant resources to conduct business, regulatory,
legal and financial due diligence, with the goal of identifying and evaluating material risks involved in the transaction. We may be
unsuccessful in ascertaining or evaluating all the risks and, as a result, we may not realize the expected benefits of the transaction,
whether due to unidentified risks, integration difficulties, regulatory setbacks or other events. We may incur material liabilities for
the past activities of any businesses we partner with or acquire. If any of these events occur, we could be subject to significant costs
and damage to our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
we are unable to establish, train and maintain an effective sales and marketing infrastructure, we will not be able to commercialize
our drug candidates successfully. 

We
have built an internal sales and marketing infrastructure to implement our business plan by developing internal sales teams and education
campaigns to market our proprietary formulations and FDA-approved drug products. We will need to expend significant resources to further
establish and grow this internal infrastructure and properly train sales personnel with respect to regulatory compliance matters. We
may also choose to engage or enter into other arrangements with third parties to provide sales and marketing services for us in place
of or to supplement our internal commercialization infrastructure. We may not be able to secure sales personnel or relationships with
third-party sales organizations that are adequate in number or expertise to successfully market and sell our proprietary formulations,
drug products and pharmacy services. Further, any third-party organizations we may seek to partner with or engage may not be able to
provide sales and marketing services in accordance with our expectations and standards, may be more expensive than we can afford or may
not be available on otherwise acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to establish and maintain compliant and adequate sales and
marketing capabilities, through our own internal infrastructure or third-party services or other arrangements, we may be unable to sell
our formulations, drug products or services or generate meaningful revenues. 

18 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of cybersecurity or other system failures. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of any third parties with which we partner are vulnerable
to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures.
While we have not experienced any cybersecurity or system failure, accident or breach to date, if an event were to occur, it could result
in a material disruption of our operations, substantial costs to rectify or correct the failure, if possible, and potentially violation
of HIPAA and other privacy laws applicable to our operations. For example, the CCPA became effective on January 1, 2020 and gave California
residents expanded rights to access and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing
and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations,
as well as a private right of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. Although the CCPA includes exemptions
for certain clinical trials data, and HIPAA-protected health information, the law may increase our compliance costs and potential liability
with respect to other personal information we collect about California residents. The CCPA has prompted a number of proposals for new
federal and state privacy legislation. Other countries also have, or are developing, laws governing the collection, use and transmission
of personal information, such as the GDPR in the EU that became effective in May 2018 and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic
Documents Act that became effective in Canada in April 2000. We anticipate that over time we may expand our business to include operations
outside of the United States. With such expansion, we would be subject to increased governmental regulation in the EU countries in which
we might operate, including the GDPR. These laws and similar laws adopted in the future could increase our potential liability, increase
our compliance costs and adversely affect our business. If any disruption or security breach resulted in a loss of or damage to our data
or applications or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or protected information, we could incur liability, further development of
our proprietary formulations could be delayed, and our pharmacy operations could be disrupted, subject to restriction or forced to terminate
their operations, any of which could severely harm our business and prospects. 

We
depend upon consultants, outside contractors and other third-party service providers for key aspects of our business. 

We
are substantially dependent on consultants and other outside contractors and service providers for key aspects of our business. For instance,
we rely upon pharmacist, physician and research consultants and advisors to provide us with significant assistance in the evaluation
of product development opportunities, and we have engaged or supported, and expect to continue to engage or support, consultants, advisors,
contract manufacturers, clinical research organizations CROs ), and others to design, conduct, analyze and interpret the
results of any clinical or non-clinical trials or other studies in connection with the research and development of our products. If any
of our consultants or other service providers terminates its engagement with us, or if we are unable to engage highly qualified replacements
as needed on commercially reasonable terms, we may be unable to successfully execute our business plan. We must effectively manage these
third-party service providers to ensure that they successfully carry out their contractual obligations and meet expected deadlines. However,
these third parties often engage in other business activities and may not devote sufficient time and attention to our activities, and
we may have only limited contractual rights in connection with the conduct of the activities we have engaged the service providers to
perform. If we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality, timeliness or accuracy of the services provided
by third-party service providers is compromised for any reason, our development activities may be extended, delayed or terminated, and
we may not be able to commercialize our formulations or advance our business. 

If
a compounded drug formulation provided through our compounding services leads to patient injury or death or results in a product recall,
we may be exposed to significant liabilities and reputational harm. 

The
success of our business, including our proprietary formulations and pharmacy operations, is highly dependent upon medical and patient
perceptions of us and the actual safety and quality of our products. We could be adversely affected if we, any other compounding pharmacies
or our formulations and technologies are subject to negative publicity. We could also be adversely affected if any of our formulations
or other products we sell, any similar products sold by other companies, or any products sold by other compounding pharmacies prove to
be, or are asserted to be, harmful to patients. For instance, if any of the components of approved drugs or other ingredients used to
produce our compounded formulations have quality or other problems that adversely affect the finished compounded preparations, our sales
could be adversely affected. Because of our dependence upon medical and patient perceptions, adverse publicity associated with illness
or other adverse effects resulting from the use or misuse of our products, any similar products sold by other companies, or any other
compounded formulations could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

To
assure compliance with USP guidelines, we have a policy whereby 100 of all sterile compound batches produced by our ImprimisRx compounding
pharmacies are tested prior to their delivery to patients and physicians both in-house and externally by an independent, FDA-registered
laboratory that has represented to us that it operates in compliance with current good laboratory practices. However, we could still
become subject to product recalls and termination or suspension of our state pharmacy licenses if we fail to fully implement this policy,
if the laboratory testing does not identify all contaminated products, or if our products otherwise cause or appear to have caused injury
or harm to patients. In addition, laboratory testing may produce false positives, which could harm our business and impact our pharmacy
operations and licensure even if the impacted formulations are ultimately found to be sterile and no patients are harmed by them. If
adverse events or deaths or a product recall, either voluntarily or as required by the FDA or a state board of pharmacy, were associated
with one of our proprietary formulations or any compounds prepared by our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies or any pharmacy partner,
our reputation could suffer, physicians may be unwilling to prescribe our proprietary formulations or order any prescriptions from such
pharmacies, we could become subject to product and professional liability lawsuits, and our state pharmacy licenses could be terminated
or restricted. If any of these events were to occur, we may be subject to significant litigation or other costs and loss of revenue,
and we may be unable to continue our pharmacy operations and further develop and commercialize our proprietary formulations. 

19 

We
carry product and professional liability insurance, which may be inadequate. 

Although
we have secured product and professional liability insurance for our pharmacy operations and the marketing and sale of our formulations,
our current or future insurance coverage may prove insufficient to cover any liability claims brought against us. Because of the increasing
costs of insurance coverage, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or at a level adequate to satisfy
liabilities that may arise. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and could have future adverse effects, which could
be material, on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and capital investments. 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively
impacted the global economy, disrupted supply chains and created significant volatility in financial markets. We have implemented business
policies intended to protect our employees from the spread of COVID-19. Those policies included employees working from home when possible
and employees in our facilities increasing physical distancing. 

On
March 18, 2020, CMS released guidance for U.S. healthcare providers to limit all elective medical procedures in order to conserve personal
protective equipment and limit exposure to COVID-19 during the pendency of the pandemic. Many of our customers use our products in procedures
impacted by the guidance. In addition to limiting medical procedures, many hospitals and other healthcare providers strictly limited
access to their facilities during the pandemic. While we believe our business has mostly recovered from the impact of the pandemic, if
conditions worsen, we believe future impact of the pandemic to our business could include, but is not limited to: 

Reduced
 revenues from our customers, including our major customers, whose products are impacted by CMS guidance to limit elective medical
 procedures; 

Diminished
 ability or willingness of third parties to market, distribute and sell our products, due to reduced demand from, or lack of access
 to, healthcare facilities and providers; 

Diminished
 ability, or inability, to complete clinical trials and other activities required to achieve regulatory clearance of our products
 under development due to lack of access to healthcare facilities, healthcare providers and patients; 

Diminished
 or lost access to third-party service providers that we use in our research and development or marketing efforts; 

Reduced
 cash flow from our operations due to reductions in revenues or collections from our customers and increases in operating costs related
 to actions we have taken in response to the pandemic; 

Reduced
 business productivity due to inefficiencies in employees working from home or increasing physical distancing and other pandemic response
 protocols in our production facilities; 

Increased
 susceptibility to the risk of information technology security breaches and other disruptions due to increased volumes of remote access
 to our information systems from our employees working at home; 

Inability
 to source sufficient components used in our products due to disruptions in supply chains; 

Diminished
 ability to identify, evaluate and acquire, or effectively integrate, complementary businesses, products, materials or technologies
 due to travel restrictions, physical distancing protocols, and lack of access to third-party service providers related to our development
 activities; 

Loss
 of manufacturing capacity, which could lead to failures to meet product delivery commitments, or increased operating costs if one
 of our facilities were to experience a COVID-19 outbreak; 

Difficulties
 in assessing and securing intellectual property rights due to lack of access to, or delayed responsiveness of, third-party service
 providers or governmental agencies; 

Diminished
 ability to retain personnel over concerns about workplace exposure to COVID-19, or to hire and effectively train new personnel, due
 to physical distancing protocols; and 

Impairment
 of goodwill or other assets due to reductions in the fair value of our reporting units. 

These
and other factors relating to, or arising from, the pandemic could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations,
cash flows, financial condition, and capital investments. 

Business
disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 

Our
operations, and those of contract research organizations CROs ), contractors and consultants, could be subject to power
shortages, telecommunications failures, wildfires, water shortages, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather
conditions, medical epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions for which
we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial
condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if
the operations of our contract manufacturers or the contract manufacturers of our development partners are affected by a man-made or
natural disaster or other business interruption. 

20 

We
sell our proprietary formulations primarily through pharmaceutical compounding facilities we own, but we may not be successful in our
efforts to integrate these businesses into our operations. 

We
currently have two compounding facilities in New Jersey. We may expand our pharmacy operations and personnel. We have developed ImprimisRx 
as a uniform brand for our compounding facilities and ophthalmology focused pharmaceutical business. We have limited experience acquiring,
building or operating compounding pharmacies or other prescription dispensing facilities or commercializing our formulations through
ownership of or licensing arrangements with pharmacies. In addition, as we have in the past purchased and operated certain pharmaceutical
compounding businesses and pharmacies and subsequently divested or sold those associated assets, we may pursue similar strategies in
the future. Those things considered, we may experience difficulties implementing and/or executing on our compounding pharmacy strategy,
including difficulties that arise as a result of our lack of experience, and we may be unsuccessful and our plans may change materially.
For instance: 

we
 have experienced delays and increased costs in relation to expansion efforts; 

we
 may not be able to satisfy applicable federal and state licensing and other requirements for any of our pharmacy businesses in a
 timely manner or at all; 

changes
 to federal and state pharmacy regulations may restrict compounding operations or make them more costly; 

we
 may be unable to achieve or maintain a sufficient physician and patient customer base to sustain our pharmacy operations; 

market
 acceptance of compounding pharmacies generally may be curtailed or delayed; and 

we
 may not be able to enter into licensing or other arrangements with third-party pharmacies or outsourcing facilities when desired,
 on acceptable terms or at all. 

Moreover,
all our efforts to expand pharmacy operations will involve significant costs and other resources, which we may not be able to afford
and may disrupt our other operations and distract management and employees from the other aspects of our business. As a result, our business
could materially suffer if we are unable to further develop a group of unified compounding facilities and, even if we are successful,
we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to recover our costs. 

We
are dependent on market acceptance of compounding pharmacies and compounded formulations, and physicians may be unwilling to prescribe,
and patients may be unwilling to use, our proprietary customizable compounded formulations. 

We
currently distribute our proprietary formulations through compounding pharmacies and an outsourcing facility. Formulations prepared and
dispensed by compounding pharmacies contain FDA-approved ingredients, but are not themselves approved by the FDA. Thus, our compounded
formulations have not undergone the FDA approval process and only limited data, if any, may be available about the safety and efficacy
of our formulations for any particular indication. Certain compounding pharmacies have been subject to widespread negative media coverage
in recent years, and the actions of these pharmacies have resulted in increased scrutiny of compounding pharmacy activities from the
FDA and state governmental agencies. For example, the FDA has issued formal requests to compounding pharmacies and outsourcing facilities
to conduct a recall of all non-expired, purportedly sterile drug products and to cease sterile compounding operations due to lack of
sterility assurance. As a result, some health care providers may be reluctant to purchase and use compounded drugs. Our growth and future
sales depend not only on our ability to demonstrate in the face of increased scrutiny the quality and safety of our pharmacies and outsourcing
facilities and our compliance with more stringent regulatory standards at the federal and state levels, but also on the continued acceptance
of compounded drugs and formulations, particularly outsourced compounded drugs and formulations, in the marketplace. 

An
incident similar to the fungal meningitis outbreak in 2012, which was caused by a compounding pharmacy employing a non-sterile-to-sterile
business model, could cause our customers to reduce their use of compounded formulations significantly or even stop using compounded
drugs altogether. States have in the past, and could in the future, enact regulations prohibiting or restricting the use of compounding
pharmacies and outsourcing facilities in response to such incidents. Such prohibitions or restrictions by states or reduced customer
demand as a result of an incident with compounded drugs and formulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

21 

In
August 2017, the FDA issued a MedWatch notification regarding our curcumin emulsion and two adverse events that had been associated
with the use of these emulsions by prescribing physicians. We issued a press release on August 7, 2017, clarifying certain facts
regarding the notice which outlined our belief that the adverse events associated with the two patients occurred due to an allergic
reaction caused by the products being inappropriately administered and obtained by the prescribing physician, and our use of
curcumin and excipients in our curcumin emulsion formulation met regulatory standards required for dispensing of the curcumin
emulsion. In September 2017, the FDA released a letter confirming that the alleged misuse of certain ingredients in our curcumin
emulsions were due to mislabeling by the underlying supplier, and not of our own misdoing. We no longer compound curcumin emulsion
products. Separately, in December 2017, we were issued a warning letter from the FDA alleging that, in their interpretation of our
public communications, we had made false or misleading claims and omitted risk and side effect information regarding certain of our
ophthalmology focused compounded medications. We immediately performed a full review of our public communications referenced in the
warning letter and responded to the FDA in January 2018, notwithstanding our continued belief that our public communications were
not in fact false and misleading, we have been in communication with the FDA and took steps to address the items outlined in the FDA
letter. The Company received another warning letter from the FDA related to our alleged marketing activities; we immediately
responded to this warning letter received and the FDA sent the Company notice in January 2023 that our corrective actions appear
adequate. In June 2019, our outsourcing facility was issued a warning letter related to an April 2017 inspection and our use of
certain active pharmaceutical ingredients in our compounded medications. During September 2020 through January 2021, our New Jersey
based outsourcing facility was inspected by the FDA (the 2020 Inspection and certain observations were made by the
FDA in a Form 483. Five observations made during the 2020 Inspection were considered repeat observations from a 2017 FDA inspection.
In addition, during the 2020 Inspection, the FDA noted that we were compounding drugs for which there is no change that produces for
an individual patient a clinical difference, as determined by a prescribing practitioner between a compounded drug and the
comparable approved drug. We have responded to the FDA regarding all of their observations from the 2020 Inspection, including
providing documentation from prescribing clinicians that indicate a clinical difference between our compounded drugs and the
comparable approved drugs, while also committing to amend our order process to collect medical necessity/clinical
difference information for each order of our compounded drugs on a go-forward basis. Our pharmacy was inspected in August
2022, and received a Form 483 with several observations from FDA. We have responded to these observations and continue to dialogue
with the FDA related to this 483. 

We
have worked and communicated, and will continue to work and communicate, with the FDA to assure that all allegations in the warning letters
and 483s have been addressed. We believe, to date, we have addressed all of the material items of concern in the FDA s 483, warning
letters and those related to the MedWatch notification (and any other requirements observed by the FDA and noted to us), and we do not
believe there will be any further action taken by the FDA in these matters. We believe this is evidenced by the FDA registration for
our outsourcing facility which was most recently renewed in November 2022. Nonetheless, these items increased further scrutiny and negative
publicity on us as a company. As part of our commitment to actively work with regulators, at times, we have become aware of concerns
related to certain formulations, and as a result, discontinued compounding certain drug formulations in an attempt to help mitigate potential
regulatory risk. As a result of the MedWatch notice, warning letters and other regulatory notifications, some physicians may be hesitant
to prescribe and some patients may be hesitant to purchase and use non-FDA-approved compounded formulations, particularly when an FDA-approved
potential alternative is available. For other reasons, physicians may be unwilling to prescribe or patients may be unwilling to use our
proprietary compounded formulations, including the following: legal prohibitions on our ability to discuss the efficacy or safety of
our formulations with potential users to the extent applicable data is available; our pharmacy operations are primarily operating on
a cash-pay basis and reimbursement may or may not be available from third-party payors, including the government Medicare and Medicaid
programs; and certain formulations are not required to be prepared and are not presently being prepared in a manufacturing facility governed
by cGMP requirements. Any failure by physicians, patients and/or third-party payors to accept and embrace compounded formulations could
substantially limit our market and cause our operations to suffer. 

Risks
Related to Government Regulations and Third-Party Policies 

Our
business is significantly impacted by state and federal statutes and regulations. 

Our
proprietary compounded formulations are comprised of active pharmaceutical ingredients that are components of drugs that have received
marketing approval from the FDA, although our proprietary compounded formulations have not themselves received FDA approval. FDA approval
is not required in order to market and sell our compounded formulations. We own, we are pursuing FDA approval to market and sell drug
candidates, both owned by us and by Melt and Surface, FDA approval of those drug candidates, along with the marketing and sale of FDA-approved
drugs and compounded formulations is subject to and must comply with extensive state and federal statutes and regulations governing those
products and compounding pharmacies. These compounding statutes and regulations include, among other things, restrictions on compounding
for office use or in advance of receiving a patient-specific prescription or, for outsourcing facilities, requirements regarding preparation,
such as regular FDA inspections and cGMP requirements, prohibitions on compounding drugs that are essentially copies of FDA-approved
drugs, limitations on the volume of compounded formulations that may be sold across state lines, and prohibitions on wholesaling or reselling.
These and other restrictions on the activities of compounding pharmacies and outsourcing facilities may significantly limit the market
available for compounded formulations, compared to the market available for FDA-approved drugs. 

Our
pharmacy business is impacted by federal and state laws and regulations governing the following: the purchase, distribution, management,
compounding, dispensing, reimbursement, marketing and labeling of prescription drugs and related services including: FDA and/or state
regulation affecting the pharmacy and pharmaceutical industries, including state pharmacy licensure and registration or permit standards;
rules and regulations issued pursuant to HIPAA and other state and federal laws related to the use, disclosure and transmission of health
information; and state and federal controlled substance laws. Our failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could severely
limit or curtail our pharmacy operations, which would materially harm our business and prospects. Further, our business could be adversely
affected by changes in these or any newly enacted laws and regulations, and federal and state agency interpretations of the statutes
and regulations. Statutory or regulatory changes could require us to make changes to our business model and operations and/or could require
us to incur significantly increased costs to comply with such regulations. 

22 

On
July 30, 2020, the FDA issued a notice for comments related to certain bulk drug substances to be removed from the 503B Bulk s
List (or Category 1 List). Included in this notice for comment were certain bulk drug substances which we currently use in some of our
compounded products. In the event one or more of these bulk substances are ultimately removed from the Category 1 List, we intend to
utilize commercially available versions of these substances or similar active pharmaceutical ingredients as replacements of the bulk
powders contained in our sterile products. In addition, nothing in the FDA s notice affects the dispensing of bulk powder-containing
products from our 503A pharmacy. Nonetheless, if all or some of the bulk drug substances we use are removed from the 503B Bulk s
List, this may result in a disruption in our operations, revenues and cash flows. 

On
October 27, 2020, the FDA announced availability of a final Memorandum of Understanding, Addressing Certain Distributions of Compounded
Human Drug Products Between the State Board of Pharmacy or Other Appropriate State Agency and the Food and Drug Administration (the Final
MOU ). The Final MOU describes the responsibilities of a state board of pharmacy, or other appropriate state agency that chooses
to sign the Final MOU, in investigating and responding to complaints related to drug products compounded in such state and distributed
outside such state and in addressing the interstate distribution of inordinate amounts of compounded human drug products. Additionally,
as part of the Final MOU, the FDA refined the definition of inordinate amount, a threshold for certain information identification
and sharing which does not place a limit on the distribution of compounded human drug products interstate by a pharmacy located in a
state that has entered into the Final MOU. Section 503A of the FDCA sets a 5 limit on compounded drugs distributed outside the state
by a pharmacist, pharmacy or physician located in a state that has not entered into the Final MOU. 

In
February 2022, the FDA said it would suspend implementation of the Final MOU and engage in a formal rulemaking process. During the rulemaking
process, the agency will not enter into new agreements with states based on the Final MOU. The FDA does not expect states that have signed
the Final MOU to carry out the activities described in the Final MOU. Thus, there is no reporting requirement for any pharmacy concerning
interstate shipments pursuant to Section 503A and will not be until the Final MOU is finalized through the rulemaking process, which
will include the engagement of a notice-and-comment and rulemaking period to implement certain provisions of Section 503A. The agency
indicated that the process may take several years to complete. In the same announcement, the FDA stated it does not intend
to enforce the statutory 5 limit on the distribution of compounded drugs out of the state in which they are compounded by compounders
located in states that do not sign the Final MOU for the duration of the rulemaking process. 

If
we or our partner facilities fail to comply with the Controlled Substances Act, FDCA, or similar state statutes and regulations, the
pharmacy facilities could be required to cease operations or become subject to restrictions that could adversely affect our business.

State
pharmacy laws require pharmacy locations in those states to be licensed as an in-state pharmacy to dispense pharmaceuticals. In addition,
state controlled substance laws require registration and compliance with state pharmacy licensure, registration or permit standards promulgated
by the state s pharmacy licensing authority. Pharmacy and controlled substance laws often address the qualification of an applicant s
personnel, the adequacy of its prescription fulfillment and inventory control practices and the adequacy of its facilities. These laws
also subject pharmacies to oversight by state boards of pharmacy and other regulators that could impose burdensome requirements or restrictions
on operations if a pharmacy is found not in compliance with these laws. We believe that our compounding pharmacies are in material compliance
with applicable regulatory requirements. Further, if any of our compounding pharmacies fail to comply with regulatory requirements, they
could be forced to permanently or temporarily cease or limit their compounding operations, which would severely limit our ability to
market and sell our proprietary formulations and would materially harm our operations and prospects. Any noncompliance could also result
in complaints or adverse actions by other state boards of pharmacy. FDA inspection of a facility to determine compliance with the FDCA,
if not successful, may result in the loss of FDCA exemptions provided under Sections 503A and 503B, warning letters, injunctions, prosecution,
fines and loss of required government licenses, certifications and approvals, any of which could involve significant costs and could
cause us to be unable to realize the expected benefits of these pharmacies operations. Additionally, the permanent injunction
entered on July 22, 2019, by the United States District Court of the Central District of California in the Allergan litigation (also
referenced in Item. 3 Legal Proceedings), enjoins the Company from engaging in activities that are inconsistent with current FDA guidelines
for 503A and 503B operations. While the Company believes its operations fully comply with the injunction, if the Court were to find the
Company to be in violation of the injunction, further sanctions, including fines and limitations on the pharmacies operations,
could occur. 

If
we market any of our drug candidates in a manner that violates healthcare fraud and abuse laws, or if we violate government price reporting
laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA enforces laws and regulations which require that the promotion of pharmaceutical products be consistent with the approved prescribing
information. While physicians may prescribe an approved product for a so-called off label use, it is unlawful for a pharmaceutical
company to promote its products in a manner that is inconsistent with its approved label, and any company which engages in such conduct
can subject that company to significant liability. Similarly, industry codes in the EU and other foreign jurisdictions prohibit companies
from engaging in off-label promotion, and regulatory agencies in various countries enforce violations of the code with civil penalties.
While we intend to ensure that our promotional materials are consistent with our label, regulatory agencies may disagree with our assessment
and may issue untitled letters, warning letters or may institute other civil or criminal enforcement proceedings. In addition to FDA
restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal healthcare fraud and abuse laws have been
applied in recent years to restrict certain marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry. These laws include the U.S. Anti-Kickback
Statute, U.S. False Claims Act and similar state laws. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the safe harbors, it
is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of these laws. 

23 

Our
sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures
have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. 

Sales
of our branded products depend on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, including government
healthcare programs and private insurance plans. Governments and private payors continue to pursue initiatives to manage drug utilization
and contain costs. Further, pressures on healthcare budgets from the pandemic, the economic downturn and inflation continue and are likely
to increase across the markets we serve. Payors are increasingly focused on costs, which have resulted, and are expected to continue
to result, in lower reimbursement rates for our branded products or narrower populations for which payors will reimburse. Continued intense
public scrutiny of the price of drugs and other healthcare costs, together with payor dynamics, have limited, and are likely to continue
to limit, our ability to set or adjust the price of our products based on their value, which can have a material adverse effect on our
business. In the United States, particularly over the past few years, a number of legislative and regulatory proposals have been introduced
and/or signed into law that attempt to lower drug prices. These include legislation promulgated by the IRA that enables the U.S. government
to set prices for certain drugs in Medicare, redesigns Medicare Part D benefits to shift a greater portion of the costs to manufacturers
and enables the U.S. government to impose penalties if drug prices are increased at a rate faster than inflation in addition to rebates
imposed on manufacturers associated with drug waste (which could potentially impact sales of TRIESENCE). Additional proposals focused
on drug pricing continue to be debated, and additional executive orders focused on drug pricing and competition are likely to be adopted
and implemented in some form. Government actions or ballot initiatives at the state level also represent a highly active area of policymaking
and experimentation, including pursuit of proposals that limit drug reimbursement under state run Medicaid programs based on reference
prices or permitting importation of drugs from Canada. Such state policies may also eventually be adopted at the federal level. 

We
are unable to predict which or how many policy, regulatory, administrative or legislative changes may ultimately be, or effectively estimate
the consequences to our business if, enacted and implemented. However, to the extent that payer actions further decrease or modify the
coverage or reimbursement available for our products, require that we pay increased rebates or shift other costs to us, limit or affect
our decisions regarding the pricing of or otherwise reduce the use of our products, such actions could have a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. 

Changing
U.S. federal coverage and reimbursement policies and practices have affected and are likely to continue to affect access to, pricing
of and sales of our products. 

A
substantial portion of our branded product portfolio relies on reimbursement from federal government healthcare programs and commercial
insurance plans regulated by federal and state governments. Our business has been and will continue to be affected by legislative actions
changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy. The IRA s drug pricing controls and Medicare redesign is likely to have a material
adverse effect on our sales (particularly for our branded products that are more substantially reliant on Medicare reimbursement), our
business and our results of operations. However, as the degree of impact from this legislation on our business depends on a number of
implementation decisions, the extent of the IRA s impact on our sales and, in turn, our business remains unclear. 

Changing
reimbursement and pricing actions in various states have negatively affected and may continue to negatively affect access to and have
affected and may continue to affect sales of our products. 

At
the state level, government actions or ballot initiatives can also affect how our branded products are covered and reimbursed and/or
create additional pressure on our pricing decisions. Existing and proposed state pricing laws have added complexity to the pricing of
drugs and may already be affecting industry pricing decisions. A number of states have adopted, and many other states are considering,
drug importation programs or other pricing actions, including proposals designed to require biopharmaceutical manufacturers to report
to the state proprietary pricing information or provide advance notice of certain price increases. For example, a California law requires
biopharmaceutical manufacturers to notify health insurers and government health plans at least 60 days before scheduled prescription
drug price increases that exceed certain thresholds. Similar laws exist in Oregon and Washington. Additional proposals directed at Medicaid
seek to penalize manufacturers for pricing drugs above a certain threshold or limit spending on biopharmaceutical products. States are
also seeking to change the way they pay for drugs for patients covered by state programs. New York has established a Medicaid drug spending
cap, and Massachusetts implemented a new review and supplemental rebate negotiation process. Six states (Colorado, Maine, New Hampshire,
Maryland, Oregon and Washington) have enacted laws that establish Prescription Drug Affordability Boards (PDABs) to study drug prices
and identify drugs that pose affordability challenges, and in three states (Colorado, Maryland and Washington) include authority for
the state PDAB to set upper payment limits on certain drugs in state regulated plans. Other states may consider implementing similar
policies and laws. Additionally, Colorado, Florida, Maine, New Hampshire, New Mexico and Vermont have enacted laws, and several other
states have proposed bills, to implement importation of drugs from Canada. The FDA has met with representatives from Colorado, Florida,
Maine and New Mexico to discuss those states proposed importation programs, and the FDA may be working towards approving such
plans. Other states could adopt similar approaches or could pursue different policy changes in a continuing effort to reduce their costs.
Ultimately, as with U.S. federal government actions, existing or future state government actions or ballot initiatives may also have
a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. 

24 

U.S.
commercial payer actions have affected and may continue to affect access to and sales of our products 

Payers,
including healthcare insurers, pharmacy benefit managers PBMs ), integrated healthcare delivery systems (vertically-integrated
organizations built from consolidations of healthcare insurers and PBMs) and group purchasing organizations, increasingly seek ways to
reduce their costs. With increasing frequency, payors are adopting benefit plan changes that shift a greater proportion of drug costs
to patients. Such measures include more limited benefit plan designs, high deductible plans, higher patient co-pay or coinsurance obligations
and more significant limitations on patients use of manufacturer commercial co-pay assistance programs. Further, government regulation
of payors may affect these trends. For example, CMS finalized a policy for plan years starting on or after January 1, 2021 that has caused
commercial payors to more widely adopt co-pay accumulator adjustment programs. Payors, including PBMs, have sought, and continue to seek,
price discounts or rebates in connection with the placement of our branded products on their formularies or those they manage, and to
also impose restrictions on access to or usage of our branded products (such as step therapy), require that patients receive the payor s
prior authorization before covering the product, and/or chosen to exclude certain indications for which our products are approved. In
an effort to reduce barriers to access, we may reduce the net price of some of our branded products by providing greater discounts and
rebates to payors (including PBMs that administer Medicare Part D prescription drug plans), and we may introduce a set of new National
Drug Codes to make our branded products available at a lower list price. However, affordability of patient out-of-pocket co-pay cost
has limited and may continue to limit patient use. Further, despite these net and list price reductions, some payors may restrict, patient
access and may seek further discounts or rebates or take other actions, such as changing formulary coverage for some or all of our branded
products. These factors have limited, and may continue to limit, patient affordability and use, negatively affecting sales of our branded
products. 

Further,
significant consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and PBMs, which places greater pressure
on pricing and usage negotiations with biopharmaceutical manufacturers, significantly increasing discount and rebate requirements and
limiting patient access and usage. For example, in the United States, as of the beginning of 2023, we believe the top five integrated
health plans and PBMs controlled approximately 92 of all pharmacy prescriptions. This high degree of consolidation among insurers and
PBMs and other payers, including through integrated healthcare delivery systems and/or with specialty or mail-order pharmacies and pharmacy
retailers, has increased the negotiating leverage such entities have over us and other biopharmaceutical manufacturers and has resulted
in greater price discounts, rebates and service fees realized by those payers from our business. CVS, Express Scripts and United Health
Group (among the top five integrated health plans and PBMs), each have Rebate Management Organizations that further increase their leverage
to negotiate deeper discounts. Ultimately, additional discounts, rebates, fees, coverage changes, plan changes, restrictions or exclusions
imposed by these commercial payers could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. Policy
reforms advanced by Congress or the Biden administration that refine the role of PBMs in the U.S. marketplace could have downstream implications
or consequences for our business and how we interact with these entities. 

Guidelines
and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our branded products. 

Government
agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our products. Professional societies, practice management
groups, insurance carriers, physicians groups, private health and science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases
also publish guidelines and recommendations to healthcare providers, administrators and payers, as well as patient communities. Recommendations
by government agencies or other groups and organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use
of related therapies. In addition, a growing number of organizations are providing assessments of the value and pricing of biopharmaceutical
products, and even organizations whose guidelines have historically been focused on clinical matters have begun to incorporate analyses
of the cost effectiveness of various treatments into their treatment guidelines and recommendations. Value assessments may come from
private organizations that publish their findings and offer recommendations relating to the products reimbursement by government
and private payers. Some companies and payers have announced pricing and payment decisions based in part on the assessments of private
organizations. In addition, government health technology assessment organizations in many countries make reimbursement recommendations
to payers in their jurisdictions based on the clinical effectiveness, cost-effectiveness and service effects of new, emerging and existing
medicines and treatments. Such health technology assessment organizations have recommended, and
may in the future recommend, reimbursement for certain of our products for a narrower indication than was approved by applicable regulatory
agencies or may recommend against reimbursement entirely. See - Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government
and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. 
 Such recommendations or guidelines may affect our reputation, and any recommendations or guidelines that result in decreased use,
dosage or reimbursement of our products could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations.
In addition, the perception by the investment community or stockholders that such recommendations or guidelines will result in decreased
use and dosage of our products could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

25 

Risks
Related to Competition 

There
are many competitive risks related to marketing and selling our proprietary formulations and operating our compounding pharmacy business. 

The
pharmaceutical and pharmacy industries are highly competitive. We compete against branded drug companies, generic drug companies, outsourcing
facilities and other compounding pharmacies. We are significantly smaller than some of our competitors. Currently we lack some of the
financial and other resources needed to develop, produce, distribute and market our proprietary formulations at a level to capture a
significant market share in these sectors. The drug products available through branded and generic drug companies with which our formulations
compete have been approved for marketing and sale by the FDA and are required to be manufactured in facilities compliant with cGMP standards.
Although we prepare our compounded formulations in accordance with the standards provided by USP chapter and USP chapter
 and applicable state and federal law, our proprietary compounded formulations are not required to be, and have not been,
approved for marketing and sale by the FDA. As a result, some physicians may be unwilling to prescribe, and some patients may be unwilling
to use, our formulations. Additionally, under federal and state laws applicable to our current compounding pharmacy operations, we are
not permitted to prepare significant amounts of a specific formulation in advance of a prescription, compound quantities for office use
or utilize a wholesaler for distribution of our formulations; instead, our compounded formulations must be prepared and dispensed in
connection with a physician prescription for an individually identified patient. Pharmaceutical companies, on the other hand, are able
to sell their FDA-approved products to large pharmaceutical wholesalers, which can in turn sell to and supply hospitals and retail pharmacies.
Even if we are successful in registering certain of our facilities as outsourcing facilities, our business may not be scalable on the
scope available to our competitors that produce FDA-approved drugs, which may limit our potential for profitable operations. These facets
of our operations may subject our business to limitations our competitors with FDA-approved drugs may not face. 

In
November 2022, USP published finalized revisions to USP chapters and , which had been previously proposed for
public comment in September 2021. The revisions include limitations on beyond use dating of sterile and preservative-free products and
batch sizes, among other changes. USP expects the published revisions to become effective November 1, 2023, however, regulatory bodies
such as state boards of pharmacy may adopt these changes at that time, or on different dates, on a case-by-case basis. While USP has
no role in enforcement, we believe the revisions to USP chapter in particular will likely cause two changes to our business,
which in the aggregate should have a neutral to positive revenue impact on Harrow: (i) we expect a reduction in revenues generated from
sales of formulations compounded by our 503A pharmacy, and (ii) we expect an increase in revenues from sales of formulations compounded
in our 503B facility. Further, we believe the changes to USP chapter will likely cause a reduction in the ability of local
503A pharmacies to produce compounded formulations to serve local markets, and that these changes in policy affecting sterile compounded
formulations, if adopted by the various states, may increase demand for compounded formulations from larger vendors such as Harrow and
cause further consolidation in the market for compounded formulations as smaller 503A pharmacies see a reduction in revenues from certain
segments of their formularies affected by these changes. 

Our
future success depends in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to biotechnology and related pharmaceutical
technologies . 

Biotechnology
and related pharmaceutical technologies have undergone and continue to be subject to rapid and significant change. Our future success
will depend in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to these technologies. Products developed by
our competitors, including FDA-approved drugs and compounded formulations created by other pharmacies, could render our products and
technologies obsolete or unable to compete. Any products that we develop may become obsolete before we recover expenses incurred in their
development, which may require us to raise additional funds that may or may not be available. The competitive environment requires an
ongoing, extensive search for medical and technological innovations and the ability to develop and market these innovations effectively,
and we may not be competitive with respect to these factors. Other competitive factors include the safety and efficacy of a product,
the size of the market for a product, the timing of market entry relative to competitive products, the availability of alternative compounded
formulations or approved drugs, the price of a product relative to alternative products, the availability of third-party reimbursement,
the success of sales and marketing efforts, brand recognition and the availability of scientific and technical information about a product.
Although we believe we are positioned to compete favorably with respect to many of these factors, if our proprietary formulations are
unable to compete with the products of our competitors, we may never gain market share or achieve sustained profitability. 

Concentration
of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors and consolidation of private payers may negatively affect our business. 

Certain
of our distributors, customers and payers have substantial purchasing leverage, due to the volume of our products they purchase or the
number of patient lives for which they provide coverage. The substantial majority of our U.S. branded product sales are made through
three pharmaceutical product wholesaler distributors: McKesson Corporation, AmerisourceBergen Corporation and Cardinal Health, Inc. These
distributors, in turn, sell our products to their customers, which include physicians or their clinics, ambulatory surgical centers,
hospitals and pharmacies. Similarly, as discussed above, there has been significant consolidation in the health insurance industry, including
that a small number of PBMs now oversee a substantial percentage of total covered lives in the United States. See Our
sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures
have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. The three largest PBMs in the United States are now
part of major health insurance providers. The growing concentration of purchasing and negotiating power by these entities has, and may
continue to, put pressure on our pricing due to their ability to extract price discounts on our branded products, fees for other services
or rebates, negatively affecting our bargaining position, sales and/or profit margins. In addition, decisions by these entities to purchase
or cover less or none of our branded products in favor of competing products could have a material adverse effect on our branded product
sales, business and results of operations due to their purchasing volume. Further, if one of our significant wholesale distributors encounters
financial or other difficulties and becomes unable or unwilling to pay us all amounts that such distributor owes us on a timely basis,
or at all, it could negatively affect our business and results of operations. In addition, if one of our significant wholesale distributors
becomes insolvent or otherwise unable to continue its commercial relationship with us in its present form, it could significantly disrupt
our business and adversely affect our product sales, our business and results of operations unless suitable alternatives are timely found
or lost sales are absorbed by another distributor. 

26 

If
we are unable to protect our proprietary rights, we may not be able to prevent others from using our intellectual property, which may
reduce the competitiveness and value of the related assets. 

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for our formulations and technologies and to prevent
third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights. We must also operate without infringing upon patents and proprietary rights
of others, including by obtaining appropriate licenses to patents or other proprietary rights held by third parties, if necessary. The
primary means by which we will be able to protect our formulations and technologies from unauthorized use by third parties is to obtain
valid and enforceable patents that cover them. However, the applications we have filed or may file in the future may never yield patents
that protect our inventions and intellectual property assets. Failure to obtain patents that sufficiently cover our formulations and
technologies would limit our protection against other compounding pharmacies and outsourcing facilities, generic drug manufacturers,
pharmaceutical companies and other parties who may seek to copy our products, produce products substantially similar to ours or use technologies
substantially similar to those we own. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in certain of our proprietary
formulations prior to the grant of any patents covering these formulations, and we may not receive a sufficient return on these investments
if patent coverage or other appropriate intellectual property protection is not obtained and their competitiveness and value decreases. 

The
patent and intellectual property positions of pharmacies and pharmaceutical companies, including ours, are uncertain and involve complex
legal and factual questions. There is no guarantee that we have developed or obtained or will in the future develop or obtain the rights
to products or processes that are patentable, that patents will issue from any pending applications or that claims allowed will be sufficient
to protect the technology we have developed or may in the future develop or to which we have acquired or may in the future acquire development
rights. In addition, we cannot be certain that patents issued to us will not be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented, including
by our competitors, or that the rights granted thereunder will provide competitive advantages to us. 

We
also rely on unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation in order to develop our formulations, which
we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, collaborators and others, including certain
service providers. We also have invention or patent assignment agreements with our current employees and certain consultants. Nonetheless,
our employees and consultants may breach these agreements, and we may not have adequate remedies for the breach. Our trade secrets may
otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors or could be developed by a person not bound by an invention assignment
agreement with us, in which case we may have no rights to use the applicable invention. 

We
may face additional competition outside of the U.S. as a result of a lack of patent coverage in some territories and differences in patent
prosecution and enforcement laws in foreign counties. 

Filing,
prosecuting, defending and enforcing patents on our proprietary formulations throughout the world is extremely expensive. We do not currently
have patent protection outside of the U.S. that covers any of our proprietary formulations or other assets that we are currently pursuing.
Competitors may use our technologies to develop their own products in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection. 

Even
if the international patent applications we have filed or may in the future file are issued or approved, it is likely that the scope
of protection provided by such patents would be different from, and possibly less than, the scope provided by corresponding U.S. patents.
As a result, patent rights we are able to obtain may not be sufficient to prevent generic competition. Further, the extent of our international
market opportunity may be dependent upon the enforcement of patent rights in various other countries. A number of countries in which
we could file patent applications have a history of weak enforcement and/or compulsory licensing of intellectual property rights. Moreover,
the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the aggressive enforcement of patents
and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology and/or pharmaceuticals, which would make it
difficult for us to stop a third party from infringing any of our intellectual property rights. Moreover, attempting to enforce our patent
rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. 

Our
proprietary formulations and technologies could potentially conflict with the rights of others. 

The
preparation or sale of our proprietary formulations and use of our technologies may infringe on the patent or other intellectual property
rights of others. If our products infringe or conflict with the patent or other intellectual property rights of others, third parties
could bring legal actions against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin our manufacturing and marketing of our affected products.
Patent litigation is costly and time consuming and may divert management s attention and our resources. We may not have sufficient
resources to bring any actions to a successful conclusion. If we are not successful in defending against these legal actions should they
arise, we may be subject to monetary liability or be forced to alter our products, cease some or all of our operations relating to the
affected products, or seek to obtain a license in order to continue manufacturing and marketing the affected products, which may not
be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

27 

We
are dependent on our Chief Executive Officer, Mark L. Baum, and other key persons for the continued growth and development of our Company. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Mark L. Baum, along with other key persons, including, but not limited to, our Chief Financial Officer, Andrew
R. Boll, and Chief Commercial Officer, John P. Saharek, have played a primary role in creating and developing our current business model.
We are highly dependent on these executives for the implementation of our business plan and the future development of our assets and
our business, and the loss of their services and leadership could materially adversely impact our Company. 

If
we are unable to attract and retain key personnel and consultants, we may be unable to maintain or expand our business. 

We
have been focusing on building our management, pharmacy, research and development, sales and marketing and other personnel to pursue
our current business model. To achieve our planned growth, we may have significant difficulty attracting and retaining necessary employees.
Because of the specialized nature of our business, the ability to develop products and to compete will remain highly dependent upon our
ability to attract and retain qualified pharmacy, scientific, technical and commercial employees and consultants. There is intense competition
to hire qualified personnel in our industry, and we may be unable to continue to attract and retain the qualified personnel necessary
for the development of our business. The loss of key employees or consultants or the failure to recruit or engage new employees and consultants
could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any staffing interruptions resulting
from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, adverse public health developments such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or natural
disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Risks
Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization 

If
we seek FDA approval to market and sell any of our proprietary formulations, such as drug candidates that we have royalty interests in
that are being developed by Melt and Surface, and MAQ-100, we may be unable to demonstrate the necessary safety and efficacy to obtain
such FDA approval. 

In
recent years, we have sought, and in the future, we, alone or with project partners, intend to seek, FDA regulatory approval to market
and sell one or more of our assets as an FDA-approved drug. Obtaining FDA approval to market and sell pharmaceutical products is costly,
time-consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. The FDA or other regulatory agencies may not approve a drug candidate
on a timely basis or at all. Before we obtain FDA approval for the sale of any potential drug candidates, we will be required to demonstrate
through pre-clinical studies and clinical trials that it is safe and effective for each intended use, which we may not be able to do.
A failure to demonstrate safety and efficacy of a drug candidate to the FDA s satisfaction would result in our failure to obtain
FDA approval. Moreover, even if the FDA were to grant regulatory approval of a drug candidate, the approval may be limited to specific
therapeutic areas or limited as to its distribution, which could reduce revenue potential, and we will be subject to extensive and costly
post-approval requirements and oversight with respect to commercialization of the drug candidate. 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates, we may not be able to successfully commercialize the product and the
revenue that we generate from its sales, if any, may be limited. 

If
approved for marketing, the commercial success of our drug candidates will depend upon each product s acceptance by the medical
community, including physicians, patients and health care payors. The degree of market acceptance for any of our drug candidates will
depend on a number of factors, including: 

demonstration
 of clinical safety and efficacy; 

relative
 convenience, dosing burden and ease of administration; 

the
 prevalence and severity of any adverse effects; 

the
 willingness of physicians to prescribe our drug candidates, and the target patient population to try new therapies; 

efficacy
 of our drug candidates compared to competing products; 

the
 introduction of any new products that may in the future become available targeting indications for which our drug candidates may
 be approved; 

new
 procedures or therapies that may reduce the incidences of any of the indications in which our drug candidates may show utility; 

pricing
 and cost-effectiveness; 

the
 inclusion or omission of our drug candidates in applicable therapeutic and vaccine guidelines; 

the
 effectiveness of our own or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

28 

limitations
 or warnings contained in approved labeling from regulatory authorities; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement from government health care programs, including Medicare
 and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors or to receive the necessary pricing approvals from government
 bodies regulating the pricing and usage of therapeutics; and 

the
 willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or reimbursement or government pricing approvals. 

If
any of our drug candidates are approved, but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, health care payors, and patients,
we may not generate sufficient revenue and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. Our efforts to educate the medical
community and third-party payors on the benefits of our drug candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. 

In
addition, even if we obtain regulatory approvals, the timing or scope of any approvals may prohibit or reduce our ability to commercialize
our drug candidates successfully. For example, if the approval process takes too long, we may miss market opportunities and give other
companies the ability to develop competing products or establish market dominance. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be
limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render our drug candidates not commercially viable. For example,
regulatory authorities may approve any of our drug candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve
the price we intend to charge for any of our drug candidates, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing
clinical trials, or may approve any of our drug candidates with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable
for the successful commercialization of that indication. Further, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may place conditions
on approvals or require risk management plans or a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS to assure the safe use
of the drug. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the
NDA without an approved REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure
safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA may also require a REMS
for an approved product when new safety information emerges. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial
promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of our drug candidates. Moreover, product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance
with regulatory standards or if problems occur following the initial marketing of the product. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially
harm the commercial success of our drug candidates. 

Clinical
drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not
be predictive of future trial results. 

Clinical
testing of drug candidates is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur
at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of
the results of later-stage clinical trials. We cannot assure you that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will view
the results as we do or that any future trials of any of our drug candidates will achieve positive results. Drug candidates in later
stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through pre-clinical studies
and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical
trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Any future clinical trial
results for our drug candidates may not be successful. 

In
addition, a number of factors could contribute to a lack of favorable safety and efficacy results for any of our drug candidates. For
example, such trials could result in increased variability due to varying site characteristics, such as local standards of care, differences
in evaluation period and surgical technique, and due to varying patient characteristics including demographic factors and health status. 

Even
if we obtain marketing approval for any of our drug candidates, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review,
which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our drug candidates could be subject to labeling and other restrictions
and withdrawal from the market and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience
unanticipated problems with our drug candidates. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates for an indication, the FDA or foreign equivalent may still impose significant
restrictions on their indicated uses or marketing or the conditions of approval, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly
and time-consuming post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and post-market surveillance to monitor safety and efficacy.
Our drug candidates will also be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements governing the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage,
distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and reporting of adverse events and other post-market information.
These requirements include registration with the FDA, as well as continued compliance with current Good Clinical Practices regulations cGCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities
are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with current cGMP,
requirements relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents. 

29 

The
FDA has the authority to require a REMS as part of an NDA or after approval, which may impose further requirements or restrictions on
the distribution or use of an approved drug, such as limiting prescribing to certain physicians or medical centers that have undergone
specialized training, limiting treatment to patients who meet certain safe-use criteria or requiring patient testing, monitoring and/or
enrollment in a registry. 

With
respect to sales and marketing activities by us or any future partner, advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules
in addition to other applicable federal, state and local laws in the United States and similar legal requirements in other countries.
In the United States, the distribution of product samples to physicians must comply with the requirements of the U.S. Prescription Drug
Marketing Act. Application holders must obtain FDA approval for product and manufacturing changes, depending on the nature of the change.
We may also be subject, directly or indirectly through our customers and partners, to various fraud and abuse laws, including, without
limitation, the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute, U.S. False Claims Act, and similar state laws, which impact, among other things, our proposed
sales, marketing, and scientific/educational grant programs. If we participate in the U.S. Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the Federal
Supply Schedule of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, or other government drug programs, we will be subject to complex laws and
regulations regarding reporting and payment obligations. All of these activities are also potentially subject to U.S. federal and state
consumer protection and unfair competition laws. Similar requirements exist in many of these areas in other countries. 

In
addition, if any of our drug candidates are approved for a particular indication, our product labeling, advertising and promotion would
be subject to regulatory requirements and continuing regulatory review. The FDA strictly regulates the promotional claims that may be
made about prescription products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA as reflected
in the product s approved labeling. If we receive marketing approval for our drug candidates, physicians may nevertheless legally
prescribe our products to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we are found to have promoted such
off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability and government fines. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the
laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses
may be subject to significant sanctions. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged
improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies
enter into consent decrees of permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. 

If
we or a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency,
problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or we or our manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements,
we may be subject to the following administrative or judicial sanctions: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls;

issuance
 of warning letters or untitled letters; 

clinical
 holds; 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 

suspension
 or withdrawal of regulatory approval; 

suspension
 of any ongoing clinical trials; 

refusal
 to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product license
 approvals; 

suspension
 or imposition of restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or 

product
 seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of product. 

The
occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our drug candidates and generate revenue.
Adverse regulatory action, whether pre- or post-approval, can also potentially lead to product liability claims and increase our product
liability exposure. 

Delays
in the completion of, or the termination of, any clinical or non-clinical trials for any drug candidates for which we may seek FDA approval
could adversely affect our business. 

Clinical
trials are very expensive, time consuming, unpredictable and difficult to design and implement. The results of clinical trials may be
unfavorable, they may continue for several years, and they may take significantly longer to complete and involve significantly more costs
than expected. Delays in the commencement or completion of clinical testing could significantly affect product development costs and
plans with respect to any drug candidate for which we seek FDA approval. The commencement and completion of clinical trials can be delayed
and experience difficulties for a number of reasons, including delays and difficulties caused by circumstances over which we may have
no control. For instance, approvals of the scope, design or trial site may not be obtained from the FDA and other required bodies in
a timely manner or at all, agreements with acceptable terms may not be reached in a timely manner or at all with CROs to conduct the
trials, a sufficient number of subjects may not be recruited and enrolled in the trials, and third-party manufacturers of the materials
for use in the trials may encounter delays and problems in the manufacturing process, including failure to produce materials in sufficient
quantities or of an acceptable quality to complete the trials. If we were to experience delays in the commencement or completion of,
or if we were to terminate, any clinical or non-clinical trials we pursue in the future, the commercial prospects for the applicable
drug candidates may be limited or eliminated, which may prevent us from recouping our investment in research and development efforts
for the drug candidate and would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

30 

We
may depend on the success of our drug candidates, and those we have royalty rights to, which have not yet demonstrated efficacy for their
target or any other indications. If we are unable to generate revenues from our drug candidates, our ability to create stockholder value
will be limited. 

Our
drug candidates are in various stages of clinical development. There is no guarantee that our clinical trials will be successful or that
we will continue clinical development in support of an approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any indication.
We note that most drug candidates never reach the clinical development stage and even those that do commence clinical development have
only a small chance of successfully completing clinical development and gaining regulatory approval. Therefore, aspects of our business
depend on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our drug candidates, which may never occur. 

If
we are not able to obtain required regulatory approvals for a drug candidate, we will not be able to commercialize such drug candidate
and our ability to generate revenues will be limited. 

We
must successfully complete clinical trials for our drug candidates before we can apply for marketing approval. Even if we complete our
clinical trials, it does not assure marketing approval. Our clinical trials may be unsuccessful, which would materially harm our business.
Even if our initial clinical trials are successful, we are required to conduct additional clinical trials to establish our drug candidates 
safety and efficacy, before an NDA or Biologics License Application BLA ), or their foreign equivalents can be filed with
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for marketing approval of our drug candidates. 

Clinical
testing is expensive, is difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. Success in
early phases of pre-clinical and clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and interim results of
a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any stage of
testing. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, the clinical trial process that could delay or prevent
our ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize our drug candidates. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging,
storage, approval, sale, marketing, advertising and promotion, pricing, export, import and distribution of drug products are subject
to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, which regulations differ
from country to country. We are not permitted to market our drug candidates as prescription pharmaceutical products in the United States
until we receive approval of an NDA from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until we receive the requisite approval from such countries.
In the United States, the FDA generally requires the completion of clinical trials of each drug to establish its safety and efficacy
and extensive pharmaceutical development to ensure its quality before an NDA is approved. Regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions
impose similar requirements. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage result in the submission of an NDA
to the FDA and even fewer are eventually approved for commercialization. If our development efforts for our drug candidates, including
regulatory approval, are not successful for their planned indications, or if adequate demand for our drug candidates is not generated,
our business will be materially adversely affected. 

Our
success depends on the receipt of regulatory approval and the issuance of such regulatory approvals is uncertain and subject to a number
of risks, including the following: 

the
 results of toxicology studies may not support the filing of an investigational new drug application for our drug candidates; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities or Institutional Review Boards IRBs may disagree with the design
 or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we
 may not be able to provide acceptable evidence of our drug candidates safety and efficacy; 

the
 results of our clinical trials may not be satisfactory or may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required
 by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (the EMA ), or other regulatory agencies for marketing approval; 

the
 dosing of our drug candidates in a particular clinical trial may not be at an optimal level; 

patients
 in our clinical trials may suffer adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related to our drug candidates; 

the
 data collected from clinical trials may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA, BLA or other submission or to obtain
 regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
 with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the
 approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering
 our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

31 

Failure
to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates for the foregoing, or any other reasons, will prevent us from commercializing our
drug candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. We cannot guarantee that regulators will agree with
our assessment of the results of the clinical trials we intend to conduct in the future or that such trials will be successful. The FDA,
EMA and other regulators have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that
our data is insufficient for approval and require additional clinical trials, or pre-clinical or other studies. In addition, varying
interpretations of the data obtained from pre-clinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval of our
drug candidates. 

Excluding
any activities through our ownership interest in Eton, we have not received regulatory approval to market our drug candidates in any
jurisdiction. We have only limited experience in filing the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals and expect to rely on
consultants and CROs, with expertise in this area to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approvals to market a product requires
the submission of pre-clinical, clinical, and/or pharmacokinetic data, information about product manufacturing processes and inspection
of facilities and supporting information to the appropriate regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish a drug
candidate s safety and efficacy for each indication. Our drug candidates may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects,
toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude us from obtaining regulatory approval or prevent or limit commercial use with respect
to one or all intended indications. 

The
process of obtaining regulatory approvals is expensive, often takes many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially
based upon, among other things, the type, complexity and novelty of the drug candidates involved, the jurisdiction in which regulatory
approval is sought and the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. Changes in regulatory approval policies during the development
period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for a submitted product application
may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. Regulatory approval obtained in one jurisdiction does not necessarily
mean that a drug candidate will receive regulatory approval in all jurisdictions in which we may seek approval, but the failure to obtain
approval in one jurisdiction may negatively impact our ability to seek approval in a different jurisdiction. Failure to obtain regulatory
marketing approval for our drug candidates in any indication will prevent us from commercializing the drug candidate, and our ability
to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of our drug candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining
regulatory approval of our drug candidates in other jurisdictions. 

Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of our drug candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain
regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a
negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a drug candidate,
comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the drug candidate
in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different
from those in the United States, including additional pre-clinical studies or clinical trials, as clinical studies conducted in one jurisdiction
may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a drug candidate
must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to
charge for our products is also subject to approval. 

Obtaining
foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and
costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory
requirements in international markets and/ or to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability
to realize the full market potential of our drug candidates will be harmed. 

Current
and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our drug candidates
and affect the prices we may obtain. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes
regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval for our drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval
activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our drug candidates. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand
post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We do not know whether additional
legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact
of such changes on the marketing approvals of our drug candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress
of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product
labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

In
the United States, the Medicare Modernization Act (the MMA changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical
products. The legislation expanded Medicare coverage for drug purchases by the elderly and introduced a new reimbursement methodology
based on average sales prices for drugs. In addition, this legislation authorized Medicare Part D prescription drug plans to use formularies
where they can limit the number of drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. As a result of this legislation and the expansion
of federal coverage of drug products, we expect that there will be additional pressure to contain and reduce costs. These cost reduction
initiatives and other provisions of this legislation could decrease the coverage and price that we receive for our drug candidates and
could seriously harm our business. While the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow
Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, and any reduction in reimbursement that results
from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. 

32 

The
Health Care Reform Law is a sweeping law intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare
spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries,
impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The Health Care Reform Law revised the
definition of average manufacturer price for reporting purposes, which could increase the amount of Medicaid drug rebates
to states. Further, the law imposed a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products. 

The
Health Care Reform Law remains subject to legislative efforts to repeal, modify or delay the implementation of the law. Efforts to date
have generally been unsuccessful. If the Health Care Reform Law is repealed or modified, or if implementation of certain aspects of the
Health Care Reform Law are delayed, such repeal, modification or delay may materially adversely impact our business, strategies, prospects,
operating results or financial condition. We are unable to predict the full impact of any repeal or modification in the implementation
of the Health Care Reform Law on us at this time. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the Health Care Reform Law was enacted.
We expect that additional federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that
federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, and in turn could significantly reduce the projected value
of certain development projects and reduce or eliminate our profitability. 

Our
drug candidates may face competition sooner than expected. 

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for certain of our drug candidates and technologies
and to prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights. We must also operate without infringing upon patents and proprietary
rights of others, including by obtaining appropriate licenses to patents or other proprietary rights held by third parties, if necessary.
However, the applications we have filed or may file in the future may never yield patents that protect our inventions and intellectual
property assets. Failure to obtain patents that sufficiently cover our formulations and technologies would limit our protection against
compounding pharmacies, outsourcing facilities, generic drug manufacturers, pharmaceutical companies and other parties who may seek to
copy our products, produce products substantially similar to ours or use technologies substantially similar to those we own. 

We
also intend to seek data exclusivity or market exclusivity for our drug candidates provided under the FDCA and similar laws in other
countries. The FDCA provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical
investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential
to the approval of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages, or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity
covers only the conditions associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving NDAs for drugs
containing the original active agent. Even if our drug candidates are considered to be reference products eligible for three years of
exclusivity under the FDCA, another company could market competing products if the FDA approves a full NDA for such product containing
the sponsor s own pre-clinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity
and potency of the products. Moreover, an amendment or repeal of the FDCA could result in a shorter exclusivity period for our drug candidates,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
are and will be completely dependent on third parties to manufacture our branded drug products and drug candidates, and our commercialization
of our drug candidates could be halted, delayed or made less profitable if those third parties fail to obtain manufacturing approval
from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of our drug candidates or fail
to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. 

We
do not currently have, nor do we plan to acquire, the capability or infrastructure to manufacture the active pharmaceutical ingredient API in our drug candidates for use in our clinical trials or for commercial product. In addition, we do not have the
capability to manufacture any of our branded drug products and candidates as a finished drug product for commercial distribution. As
a result, we are and will be obligated to rely on contract manufacturers. Other than through our agreements with Novartis, we have not
entered into an agreement with any contract manufacturers for commercial supply and may not be able to engage a contract manufacturer
for commercial supply of any of our drug products and candidates on favorable terms to us, or at all. 

The
facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our drug products and candidates must be approved by the FDA or comparable
foreign regulatory authorities pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit an NDA or BLA to the FDA or their equivalents
to other relevant regulatory authorities. We will not control the manufacturing process of, and will be completely dependent on, our
contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMPs for manufacture of both active drug substances and finished drug products.
These cGMP regulations cover all aspects of the manufacturing, testing, quality control and record keeping relating to our drug candidates.
If our contract manufacturers do not successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory
requirements of the FDA or others, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities.
If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our drug candidates
or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly
impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our drug candidates, if approved. 

33 

Our
contract manufacturers will be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies
for compliance with cGMPs and similar regulatory requirements. We will not have control over our contract manufacturers compliance
with these regulations and standards. Failure by any of our contract manufacturers to comply with applicable regulations could result
in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure to grant approval to market any of our drug
candidates, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of approvals, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly
and adversely affect our business. In addition, we will not have control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate
quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. Failure by our contract manufacturers to comply with or maintain any of these
standards could adversely affect our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market any of our drug candidates. 

If,
for any reason, these third parties are unable or unwilling to perform, we may not be able to terminate our agreements with them, and
we may not be able to locate alternative manufacturers or formulators or enter into favorable agreements with them, and we cannot be
certain that any such third parties will have the manufacturing capacity to meet future requirements. If these manufacturers or any alternate
manufacturer of finished drug product experiences any significant difficulties in its respective manufacturing processes for our API
or finished products or should cease doing business with us, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of any of our
drug candidates or may not be able to create a supply of our drug candidates at all. Were we to encounter manufacturing issues, our ability
to produce a sufficient supply of any of our drug candidates might be negatively affected. Our inability to coordinate the efforts of
our third-party manufacturing partners, or the lack of capacity available at our third-party manufacturing partners, could impair our
ability to supply any of our drug candidates at required levels. Because of the significant regulatory requirements that we would need
to satisfy in order to qualify a new bulk or finished product manufacturer, if we face these or other difficulties with our current manufacturing
partners, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of any of our drug candidates if we decided to transfer the manufacture
of any of our drug candidates to one or more alternative manufacturers in an effort to deal with the difficulties. 

Any
manufacturing problem or the loss of a contract manufacturer could be disruptive to our operations and result in lost sales. Additionally,
we rely on third parties to supply the raw materials needed to manufacture our existing and potential products. Any business
interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, adverse public health developments such as the outbreak
of the COVID-19 coronavirus, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, could affect our supply chain. 
Any reliance on suppliers may involve several risks, including a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced control
over production costs, delivery schedules, reliability and quality. Any unanticipated disruption to a future contract manufacturer caused
by problems at suppliers could delay shipment of any of our drug candidates, increase our cost of goods sold and result in lost sales. 

We
cannot guarantee that our future manufacturing and supply partners will be able to reduce the costs of commercial scale manufacturing
of any of our drug candidates over time. If the commercial-scale manufacturing costs of any of our drug candidates are higher than expected,
these costs may significantly impact our operating results. In order to reduce costs, we may need to develop and implement process improvements.
However, in order to do so, we will need, from time to time, to notify or make submissions with regulatory authorities, and the improvements
may be subject to approval by such regulatory authorities. We cannot be sure that we will receive these necessary approvals or that these
approvals will be granted in a timely fashion. We also cannot guarantee that we will be able to enhance and optimize output in our commercial
manufacturing process. If we cannot enhance and optimize output, we may not be able to reduce our costs over time. 

We
expect to rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry
out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize any of
our drug candidates, and our business would be substantially harmed. 

We
expect to enter into agreements with third-party CROs to conduct and manage our clinical programs, including contracting with clinical
sites to perform our clinical studies. We plan to rely heavily on these parties for execution of clinical studies for our drug candidates
and will control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we will be responsible for ensuring that each of our studies
is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on CROs and clinical
sites will not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs will be required to comply with cGCPs, which are regulations
and guidelines enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Economic Area and comparable foreign
regulatory authorities for any products in clinical development. The FDA and its foreign equivalents enforce these cGCP regulations through
periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCPs,
the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection,
the FDA or other regulatory authorities will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with cGCPs. In addition, our clinical trials
must be conducted with products produced under cGMP regulations and will require a large number of test subjects. Our failure or the
failure of our CROs or clinical sites to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the
regulatory approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action up to and including civil and criminal penalties. 

34 

Although
we intend to design the clinical trials for our drug candidates in consultation with CROs, we expect that the CROs will manage all of
the clinical trials conducted at contracted clinical sites. As a result, many important aspects of our drug development programs would
be outside of our direct control. In addition, the CROs and clinical sites may not perform all of their obligations under arrangements
with us or in compliance with regulatory requirements. If the CROs or clinical sites do not perform clinical trials in a satisfactory
manner, breach their obligations to us or fail to comply with regulatory requirements, the development and commercialization of any of
our drug candidates for the subject indication may be delayed or our development program materially and irreversibly harmed. We cannot
control the amount and timing of resources these CROs and clinical sites will devote to our program or any of our drug candidates. If
we are unable to rely on clinical data collected by our CROs, we could be required to repeat, extend the duration of, or increase the
size of our clinical trials, which could significantly delay commercialization and require significantly greater expenditures. 

If
any of our relationships with these third-party CROs or clinical sites terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with
alternative CROs or clinical sites. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines,
if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere
to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, any such clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated,
and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our financial
results and the commercial prospects for any of our drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate
revenue could be delayed. 

Any
termination or suspension of, or delays in the commencement or completion of, any necessary studies of any of our drug candidates for
any indications could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial
prospects. 

The
commencement and completion of clinical studies can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: 

the
 FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority failing to grant permission to proceed and placing the clinical study on hold; 

subjects
 for clinical testing failing to enroll or remain in our trials at the rate we expect; 

a
 facility manufacturing any of our drug candidates being ordered by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities to temporarily
 or permanently shut down due to violations of cGMP requirements or other applicable requirements, or cross-contaminations of drug
 candidates in the manufacturing process; 

any
 changes to our manufacturing process that may be necessary or desired; 

subjects
 choosing an alternative treatment for the indications for which we are developing our drug candidates, or participating in competing
 clinical studies; 

subjects
 experiencing severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects; 

reports
 from clinical testing on similar technologies and products raising safety and/or efficacy concerns; 

third-party
 clinical investigators losing their license or permits necessary to perform our clinical trials, not performing our clinical trials
 on our anticipated schedule or employing methods consistent with the clinical trial protocol, cGMP requirements, or other third parties
 not performing data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner; 

inspections
 of clinical study sites by the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory authorities, or IRBs finding regulatory violations that require
 us to undertake corrective action, result in suspension or termination of one or more sites or the imposition of a clinical hold
 on the entire study, or that prohibit us from using some or all of the data in support of our marketing applications; 

third-party
 contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities for violations
 of regulatory requirements, in which case we may need to find a substitute contractor, and we may not be able to use some or any
 of the data produced by such contractors in support of our marketing applications; 

one
 or more IRBs refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the study at an investigational site, precluding enrollment of additional
 subjects, or withdrawing its approval of the trial; reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial
 sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites;

deviations
 of the clinical sites from trial protocols or dropping out of a trial; 

adding
 new clinical trial sites; 

the
 inability of the CRO to execute any clinical trials for any reason; and 

government
 or regulatory delays or clinical holds requiring suspension or termination of a trial. 

35 

Product
development costs for any of our drug candidates will increase if we have delays in testing or approval or if we need to perform more
or larger clinical studies than planned. Additionally, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur and we may need to amend
study protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our study protocols to the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory
authorities, and IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of that study. If we experience
delays in completion of, or if we, the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the IRB, or other reviewing entities, or any of our clinical
study sites suspend or terminate any of our clinical studies of any of our drug candidates, its commercial prospects may be materially
harmed and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs,
slow down our development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these
occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead
to, termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical studies may also ultimately lead to the denial
of regulatory approval of our drug candidates. In addition, if one or more clinical studies are delayed, our competitors may be able
to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of any of our drug candidates could be significantly reduced. 

Even
though we may apply for orphan drug designation for a drug candidate, we may not be able to obtain orphan drug marketing exclusivity. 

There
is no guarantee that the FDA, EMA or their foreign equivalents will grant any future application for orphan drug designation for any
of our drug candidates, which would make us ineligible for the additional exclusivity and other benefits of orphan drug designation. 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally
a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation
that the cost of developing and making a drug available in the Unites States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered
from sales of the product. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation,
the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan product designation does
not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of regulatory review and approval process. In addition to the potential period of
exclusivity, orphan designation makes a company eligible for grant funding of up to 400,000 per year for four years to defray costs
of clinical trial expenses, tax credits for clinical research expenses and potential exemption from the FDA application user fee. 

If
a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such
designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other applications to market
the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as (i) the drug s orphan designation
is revoked; (ii) its marketing approval is withdrawn; (iii) the orphan exclusivity holder consents to the approval of another applicant s
product; (iv) the orphan exclusivity holder is unable to assure the availability of a sufficient quantity of drug; or (v) a showing of
clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by a competitor product. If a drug designated as an orphan product receives
marketing approval for an indication broader than what is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. There can be
no assurance that we will receive orphan drug designation for any of our drug candidates in the indications for which we think they might
qualify, if we elect to seek such applications. 

Although
we may pursue expedited regulatory approval pathways for a drug candidate, it may not qualify for expedited development or, if it does
qualify for expedited development, it may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 

Although
we believe there may be an opportunity to accelerate the development of certain of our drug candidates through one or more of the FDA s
expedited programs, such as fast track, breakthrough therapy, accelerated approval or priority review, we cannot be assured that any
of our drug candidates will qualify for such programs. 

For
example, a drug may be eligible for designation as a breakthrough therapy if the drug is intended, alone or in combination with one or
more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate
substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Although breakthrough designation or
access to any other expedited program may expedite the development or approval process, it does not change the standards for approval.
If we apply for breakthrough therapy designation or any other expedited program for our drug candidates, the FDA may determine that our
proposed target indication or other aspects of our clinical development plans do not qualify for such expedited program. Even if we are
successful in obtaining a breakthrough therapy designation or access to any other expedited program, we may not experience faster development
timelines or achieve faster review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. Access to an expedited program may also be withdrawn
by the FDA if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Additionally, qualification
for any expedited review procedure does not ensure that we will ultimately obtain regulatory approval for such drug candidate. 

36 

Risks
Related to the Senior Notes 

We
have incurred significant indebtedness, which will require substantial cash to service and which subjects us to certain financial requirements
and business restrictions. 

Since
2021, we issued 115,250,000 aggregate principal amount of senior notes due in part in 2026 and in 2027 (the Notes ). We
may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our ability to make scheduled payments on our indebtedness depends on our future performance
and ability to raise additional capital, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors, some of which are beyond
our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash to service our debt, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives,
such as selling assets, restructuring our debt or obtaining additional capital through equity sales or incurrence of additional debt
on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive to our stockholders. Our ability to engage in any of these activities would depend on
the capital markets and our financial condition at such time, and we may not be able to do so when needed, on desirable terms or at all,
which could result in a default on our debt obligations. Additionally, our debt instruments contain, or from time to time may contain,
various restrictive covenants, including, among others, our obligation to deliver certain financial and other information, our obligation
to comply with certain notice and insurance requirements, and our inability, without prior consent, to dispose of certain of our assets,
incur certain additional indebtedness, enter into certain merger, acquisition or change of control transactions, pay certain dividends
or distributions on or repurchase any of our capital stock or incur any lien or other encumbrance on our assets, subject to certain permitted
exceptions. Any failure by us to comply with any of these covenants, subject to certain cure periods, or to make all payments under the
debt instruments when due, would cause us to be in default under the applicable debt instrument. In the event of any such default, lenders
may be able to foreclose on our assets that secure the debt or declare all borrowed funds, together with accrued and unpaid interest,
immediately due and payable, thereby potentially causing all of our available cash to be used to pay our indebtedness or forcing us into
bankruptcy or liquidation if we do not then have sufficient cash available. Any such event or occurrence could severely and negatively
impact our operations and prospects. 

The
indenture under which the Notes were issued contains limited protection for holders of the Notes. 

The
indenture under which the Notes were issued offers limited protection to holders of the Notes. The terms of the indenture and the Notes
do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries ability to engage in, or otherwise be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions,
circumstances or events that could have an adverse impact on the holders of the Notes. In particular, the terms of the indenture and
the Notes do not place any restrictions on our or our subsidiaries ability to: 

issue
 debt securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any indebtedness or other obligations
 that would be equal in right of payment to the Notes, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and therefore
 rank effectively senior in right of payment to the Notes to the extent of the values of the assets securing such debt, (3) indebtedness
 of ours that is guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore is structurally senior to the Notes and (4) securities,
 indebtedness or obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior to our equity interests in our subsidiaries
 and therefore rank structurally senior to the Notes with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries; 

pay
 dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities subordinated in right of
 payment to the Notes; 

sell
 assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets); 

enter
 into transactions with affiliates; 

create
 liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; 

make
 investments; or 

create
 restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. 

In
addition, the indenture does not include any protection against certain events, such as a change of control, leveraged recapitalization,
 going private transaction (which may result in a significant increase of our indebtedness), restructuring or similar transactions.
Furthermore, the terms of the indenture and the Notes do not protect holders of the Notes in the event that we experience changes (including
significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, as they do not require that we or our
subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flow, or liquidity. Also,
an event of default or acceleration under our other indebtedness would not necessarily result in an event of default under the Notes. 

37 

Our
ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the Notes may
have important consequences for the holders of the Notes, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect
to the Notes or negatively affecting the trading value of the Notes. 

Other
debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the indenture and the Notes, including additional
covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could affect the market for
and trading levels and prices of the Notes. 

An
increase in market interest rates could result in a decrease in the value of the Notes. 

In
general, as market interest rates rise, notes bearing interest at a fixed rate decline in value. Consequently, if the market interest
rates increase, the market value of the Notes may decline. We cannot predict the future level of market interest rates. 

A
lack of an active trading market for the Notes could adversely affect the market price of the Notes or limit a holder s ability
to sell them. 

The
Notes are quoted on Nasdaq under the symbols HROWL and HROWM . Although the Notes are quoted, we cannot provide
any assurances that an active trading market will be maintained for the Notes or that a holder will be able to sell the Notes. If the
Notes are traded, they may trade at a discount from their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, the market for
similar securities, our credit ratings, general economic conditions, our financial condition, performance and prospects and other factors.
The underwriters of the Notes may make a market in the Notes, but they are not obligated to do so. The underwriters may discontinue any
market-making in the Notes at any time at their sole discretion. Accordingly, we cannot assure a holder that a liquid trading market
will develop for the Notes, that a holder will be able to sell the Notes at a particular time or that the price received will be favorable.
To the extent an active trading market is not maintained, the liquidity and trading price for the Notes may be harmed. Accordingly, a
holder may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 

The
rating for the Notes could at any time be revised downward or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of the issuing rating agency. 

We
have obtained a rating for the Notes. Ratings only reflect the views of the issuing rating agency or agencies and such ratings could
at any time be revised downward or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of the issuing rating agency. A rating is not a recommendation
to purchase, sell or hold the Notes. Ratings do not reflect market prices or suitability of a security for a particular investor and
the rating of the Notes may not reflect all risks related to us and our business, or the structure or market value of the Notes. We may
elect to issue other securities for which we may seek to obtain a rating in the future. If we issue other securities with ratings lower
than market expectations or that are subsequently lowered or withdrawn, the market for or the market value of the Notes could be adversely
affected. 

We
could enter into various transactions that could increase the amount of our outstanding debt or adversely affect our capital structure
or credit rating. 

Subject
to certain limited exceptions, the terms of the Notes do not prevent us from entering into a variety of acquisition, divestiture, refinancing,
recapitalization or other highly leveraged transactions. As a result, we could enter into any such transaction even though the transaction
could increase the total amount of our outstanding indebtedness, adversely affect our capital structure or credit rating or otherwise
adversely affect the holders of the Notes. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, which could
cause our stock price to fall. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial results. If we cannot provide reliable financial results, our consolidated
financial statements could be misstated, our reputation may be harmed and the trading price of our common stock could decline. As we
discuss in Item 9A of this Annual Report, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective
as of December 31, 2022. However, our controls over financial processes and reporting may not continue to be effective or we may identify
material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls in the future. Any failure to remediate any future material
weaknesses or successfully implement required new or improved controls, could harm our operating results, cause us to fail to meet our
reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements or other public disclosures. Inferior
internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect
on the trading price of our common stock. 

38 

A
consistently active trading market for shares of our common stock may not be sustained. 

Historically,
trading in our common stock has been sporadic and volatile and our common stock has been thinly-traded. There have been,
and may in the future be, extended periods when trading activity in our shares is minimal, compared to a seasoned issuer with a large
and steady volume of trading activity. The market for our common stock is also characterized by significant price volatility compared
to seasoned issuers, and we expect that such volatility may continue. As a result, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares
may disproportionately influence the market price of our common stock. A consistently active and liquid trading market in our securities
may never develop or be sustained. 

Our
stock price may be volatile. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to various factors, many of which
are beyond our control, including our ability to execute our business plan; operating results that fall below expectations; industry
or regulatory developments; investor perception of our industry or our prospects; economic and other external factors; and the other
risk factors discussed in this Risk Factors section. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. 

We
have the right to issue shares of preferred stock without obtaining stockholder approval. If we were to issue preferred stock, it may
have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of our common stock. 

We
are authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, with such rights, preferences and privileges as
may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to
issue preferred stock at any time in one or more series and to fix the dividend rights, dissolution or liquidation preferences, redemption
prices, conversion rights, voting rights and other rights, preferences and privileges for any series of our preferred stock that may
be issued. The issuance of shares of preferred stock, depending on the rights, preferences and privileges attributable to the preferred
stock, could reduce the voting rights and powers of our common stockholders and the portion of our assets allocated for distribution
to our common stockholders in a liquidation event, and could also result in dilution to the book value per share of our common stock.
The preferred stock could also be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method for raising additional capital or discouraging,
delaying or preventing a change in control of our Company. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any return on an investment will be limited to
any appreciation in the value of our common stock. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Any payment of dividends
on our common stock would depend on contractual restrictions, as well as our earnings, financial condition and other business and economic
factors as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a
return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

The
sale of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that sales could occur, may cause the market
price of our common stock to fall. Sales could occur upon the expiration of any statutory holding period, such as under Rule 144 under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, applicable to outstanding shares, upon expiration of any lock-up periods applicable to outstanding
shares, upon our issuance of shares upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, or upon our issuance of shares pursuant offerings
of our equity securities. The availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, whether or not sales have
occurred or are occurring, also could make it more difficult for us to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related
securities in the future, when needed, on acceptable terms or at all. 

Unstable
market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 

From
time to time, global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished
liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and
uncertainty about economic stability. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile
business environment and continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may
make any debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. In the event the Company or one of its
subsidiaries needed to access additional capital, failure to secure financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a
material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon development
plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive
an economic downturn, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

39 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
lease approximately 35,300 square feet of lab, warehouse, and office space in Ledgewood, New Jersey, in three separate suites. The current
lease term expires on July 31, 2027 and includes options to extend the lease term through 2037. This space serves as an outsourcing facility
and pharmacy for ImprimisRx. 

We
lease approximately 5,500 square feet of office space in Nashville, Tennessee. The current lease term expires on December 31, 2024 and
includes options to extend the lease term through 2034. This office serves as our corporate headquarters. 

We
lease approximately 5,800 square feet of office space in Carlsbad, California. The current lease term began January 1, 2022 and
expires on March 31, 2025 and includes an option to extend the lease term through March 2028. This office generally supports the
sales, general and administrative functions. 

We
lease approximately 11,600 square feet of lab and office space in Nashville, Tennessee. The current lease term commenced in June 2022
and expires in June 2027. This office generally serves as our customer service center and analytical laboratory. 

We
expect to lease additional space in the near term to accommodate an internally run analytical lab and expanded office use. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

See
Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for information on various legal proceedings, which is
incorporated into this Item by reference. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

40 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol HROW and the Notes are listed on The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC under the symbols HROWL and HROWM. 

Holders 

As
of March 15, 2023, there were approximately 74 stockholders of record (excluding an indeterminable number of stockholders whose shares
are held in street or nominee name) of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

Purchase
of Equity Securities 

We
did not purchase any of our equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

41 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and the related notes contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ). Our consolidated
financial statements have been prepared and, unless otherwise stated, the information derived therefrom as presented in this discussion
and analysis is presented, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). In addition to historical
information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon our current views, expectations and assumptions
that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ substantially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking
statements due to a number of factors, including, among others, the risks described in the Risk Factors section and elsewhere
in this Annual Report. 

As
used in this discussion and analysis, unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms the Company, Harrow 
 we, us and our refer to Harrow Health, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, consisting of
Imprimis Rx NJ, LLC, Imprimis NJOF, LLC, ImprimisRx, LLC, and Harrow Eye, LLC. 

Overview

We
are an ophthalmic-focused pharmaceutical company. Our business specializes in the development, production, sale, and distribution of
innovative prescription medications that offer unique competitive advantages and serve unmet needs in the marketplace through our subsidiaries
and deconsolidated companies. We serve ophthalmologists and optometrists by providing FDA-approved branded ophthalmic pharmaceuticals
and innovative compounded prescription medicines that are accessible and affordable. We own the U.S. commercial rights to ten branded
ophthalmic pharmaceutical products, including IHEEZO TM , IOPIDINE (both approved concentrations), MAXITROL eye drops,
MOXEZA , ILEVRO , NEVANAC , VIGAMOX , MAXIDEX , and TRIESENCE . We own and operate ImprimisRx, one of the nation s
leading ophthalmology-focused pharmaceutical-compounding businesses, and our branded drugs are marketed under our Harrow name. In addition,
we also have non-controlling equity positions in Surface Ophthalmics, Inc. Surface and Melt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Melt ),
both companies that began as subsidiaries of Harrow and were subsequently carved-out of our corporate structure and deconsolidated from
our financial statements. We also own royalty rights in certain drug candidates being developed by Surface and Melt. 

Factors
Affecting Our Performance 

We
believe the primary factors affecting our performance are our ability to increase revenues of our branded pharmaceutical products, proprietary
compounded formulations and certain non-proprietary products, grow and gain operating efficiencies in our operations, potential regulatory-related
restrictions, optimize pricing and obtain reimbursement options for our drug products, and continue to pursue development and commercialization
opportunities for certain of our ophthalmology and other assets that we have not yet made commercially available. We believe we have
built a tangible and intangible infrastructure that will allow us to scale revenues efficiently in the near and long-term. All of these
activities will require significant costs and other resources, which we may not have or be able to obtain from operations or other sources.
See Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 

Recent
Developments 

The
following describes certain developments in 2022 to date that are important to understand our financial condition and results of operations.
See the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for additional information about each
of these developments. 

Divestiture
of Non-Ophthalmic Assets 

In
October 2022, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the RPC Agreement with Innovation Compounding Pharmacy, LLC
(the Buyer ). Under the terms of the RPC Agreement, the Company agreed to sell substantially all its assets associated with
its non-ophthalmology related compounding business, including but not limited to, certain intellectual property rights, customer lists,
databases, and formulations (the RPC Assets ). The Buyer agreed to make offers of employment to six of the Company s
employees that were responsible for the sales activities associated with the RPC Assets. In connection with the RPC Agreement, the Company
entered into a separate transition services agreement with the Buyer related to providing on going services, such as procuring and dispensing
prescription orders associated with RPC Assets. The Company expects to provide transition services to the Buyer for six to nine months
following the effective date of the RPC Agreement. Under the terms of the RPC Agreement, the Buyer paid to the Company an aggregate cash
amount of 6,000,000 on October 5, 2022. In addition, the Buyer is obligated to pay up to 4,500,000 to the Company based on mutually
agreed upon revenue milestones during the calendar year 2023. 

42 

Melt
Loan Amendments 

In
April and September 2022, we entered into a First Amendment and Second Amendment (collectively the Amendments to our loan
and security agreement previously entered into on September 1, 2021 with Melt. The Amendments provide for the following: 

Melt
 is required to maintain a minimum cash balance of 7,000,000 for one year following the effective date of the Second Amendment; and
 a minimum cash balance of 5,000,000 at all times after the one-year anniversary of the effective date of the Amendments. 

The
 maturity date by which all amounts owed under the loan agreement are payable was extended to June 1, 2023, which can be extended
 further to September 1, 2026 following a qualified financing of at least 10,000,0000, unless otherwise accelerated pursuant to the
 terms of the loan agreement. 

The
 definition of material adverse effect was amended so that such an effect will be deemed to have occurred if the data
 from the Phase 2 study of MELT-300 fails to demonstrate the benefit of the combination MELT-300 study drug versus the individual
 components of the same MELT-300 study drug, as reasonably determined by us. 

Acquisition
of ILEVRO, NEVANAC, VIGAMOX, MAXIDEX and TRIESENCE 

In
December 2022, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Novartis Technology, LLC and Novartis
Innovative Therapies AG (together, Novartis ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase from Novartis the exclusive
commercial rights to assets associated with the following ophthalmic products (collectively the Fab 5 Products in the
U.S. (the Fab 5 Acquisition ): 

ILEVRO 
 (nepafenac ophthalmic suspension) 0.3 , a non-steroidal, anti-inflammatory eye drop indicated for pain and inflammation associated
 with cataract surgery. 

NEVANAC 
 (nepafenac ophthalmic suspension) 0.1 , a non-steroidal, anti-inflammatory eye drop indicated for pain and inflammation associated
 with cataract surgery. 

VIGAMOX 
 (moxifloxacin hydrochloride ophthalmic solution) 0.5 , a fluoroquinolone antibiotic eye drop for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis
 caused by susceptible strains of organisms. 

MAXIDEX 
 (dexamethasone ophthalmic suspension) 0.1 , a steroid eye drop for steroid-responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and
 bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe. 

TRIESENCE 
 (triamcinolone acetonide injectable suspension) 40 mg/ml, a steroid injection for the treatment of certain ophthalmic diseases and
 for visualization during vitrectomy. 

We
closed the Fab 5 Acquisition on January 20, 2023. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, we made a one-time payment of 130,000,000
at closing, with up to another 45,000,000 due in a milestone payment related to the timing of the commercial availability of TRIESENCE.
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and various ancillary agreements, immediately following the closing and subject to certain conditions,
for a period that we expect to last approximately six months, and prior to the transfer of the Fab 5 Products new drug applications (the
 NDAs to us, Novartis will continue to sell the Fab 5 Products on our behalf and transfer the net profit from the sale
of the Fab 5 Products to us. Novartis has agreed to supply certain Fab 5 Products to the Company for a period of time after the NDAs
are transferred to us and to assist with technology transfer of the Fab 5 Products manufacturing to other third-party manufacturers,
if needed. 

Common
Stock Offering 

In
December 2022, we entered into an underwriting agreement (the Common Stock Underwriting Agreement with B. Riley Securities,
Inc. related to a registered direct offering of shares of the Company s common stock to certain accredited investors, at an offering
price of 10.52. Under the terms of the Common Stock Underwriting Agreement we sold 2,376,426 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds
of 25,000,002. 

Senior
Notes Offering 

In
December 2022, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc., as representative of the several
underwriters named therein, pursuant to which we agreed to sell 35,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 11.875 senior notes due
2027 (the 2027 Notes plus up to an additional 5,250,000 aggregate principal amount of 11.875 senior notes due 2027
pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional 2027 Notes, which was exercised in January 2023. 

43 

B.
Riley Loan and Security Agreement 

On
December 14, 2022 (the Effective Date ), we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the BR Loan with
B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. The proceeds from the BR Loan were used to finance the Fab
5 Acquisition. 

The
BR Loan provided for a loan facility of up to 100,000,000 to the Company with a maturity date of December 14, 2025, at an interest rate
of 10.875 per annum. The BR Loan is secured by an intellectual property security agreement and by all assets of the Company and its
material subsidiaries. In January 2023, 59,750,000 of principal amount was funded pursuant to the BR Loan simultaneously with the consummation
of the Fab 5 Acquisition. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following period-to-period comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period. 

Comparison
of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues

Our
revenues include amounts recorded from sales of proprietary and non-proprietary pharmaceutical compounded drug formulations and revenues
received from royalty and milestone payments owed to us pursuant to out-license arrangements. 

The
following presents our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Product
 sales, net 
 83,524,000 
 69,104,000 
 14,420,000 
 
 Commission
 revenues 
 3,866,000 
 3,253,000 
 613,000 
 
 Transfer
 of profits 
 1,205,000 
 99,000 
 1,106,000 
 
 License
 revenues 
 - 
 20,000 
 (20,000 
 
 Total
 revenues 
 88,595,000 
 72,476,000 
 16,119,000 

The
increase in revenues between periods was related to an increase in sales volumes of our ophthalmology products, an increase in commissions
attributable to sales of Dexycu and transfer of profits from recently acquired products. In June of 2022, the Company completed
the transfer from the seller to Harrow of Iopidine and Maxitrol NDAs and relaunched those products. As a result, we will not record revenues
associated with the transfer of profits associated with those products in future periods. 

Cost
of Sales 

Our
cost of sales includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture formulations and sell products, including active pharmaceutical
ingredients, personnel costs, packaging, storage, royalties, shipping and handling costs, manufacturing equipment and tenant
improvements depreciation, the write-off of obsolete inventory depreciation and amortization of certain intangibles and other
related expenses. 

The
following presents our cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Cost
 of sales 
 25,383,000 
 18,214,000 
 7,169,000 

The
increase in our cost of sales between periods was largely attributable to an increase in unit volumes sold and increased direct and indirect
costs associated with production of our products during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. 

Gross
Profit and Margin 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 63,212,000 
 54,262,000 
 8,950,000 
 
 Gross
 margin 
 71.3 
 74.9 
 (3.6 

44 

The
decrease in gross margin is primarily attributable to amortization of acquired NDAs beginning in January 2022, along with a one-time
adverse production related event in April 2022, increased discounts provided during 2022 associated with volume-based purchases and increased
(direct and indirect) production costs incurred during 2022. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Our
selling, general and administrative expenses include personnel costs, including wages and stock-based compensation, corporate facility
expenses, and investor relations, consulting, insurance, filing, legal and accounting fees and expenses as well as costs associated with
our marketing activities and sales of our proprietary compounded formulations and other non-proprietary pharmacy products and formulations. 

The
following presents our selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Selling,
 general and administrative 
 58,243,000 
 41,315,000 
 16,928,000 

The
increase in selling, general and administrative expenses between periods was primarily attributable to an increase in consulting expenses
associated with regulatory improvements, to support the transition of recent product acquisitions, and an increase in expenses related
to the addition of new employees in sales, marketing and other departments to support current and expected growth, including the anticipated
commercial launch of IHEEZO in 2023. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Our
research and development R D expenses primarily include expenses related to acquired in-process R D, the development
of acquired intellectual property, investigator-initiated research and evaluations and other costs related to the clinical development
of our assets and drug candidates. 

The
following presents our R D expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Research
 and development 
 3,050,000 
 11,084,000 
 (8,034,000 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development expenses decreased from the same period in 2021 primarily as a result of a
one-time payment for acquired research and development incurred in 2021 related to the acquisition of IHEEZO. 

Impairment
and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a loss of 249,000, of which, 99,000 was related to the impairment of patents and patent
applications and 150,000 was related to equipment that was no longer in service. 

Interest
Expense, net 

Interest
expense, net was 7,244,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5,436,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase was primarily due to an increase in the principal balance of our loans throughout the two periods presented. 

Equity
in Losses of Unconsolidated Entities 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a loss of 11,133,000 and 5,334,000, respectively, for our share of losses based
on our ownership of Melt and Surface. 

Investment
Loss from Eton 

We
recorded a loss of 2,914,000 related to the change in fair market value of Eton s common stock for the year ended December 31,
2022. We recorded a loss of 10,126,000 related to our investment in Eton s common stock for the year ended December 31, 2021,
including a realized loss of 1,406,000 from the sale of 1,518,000 shares of Eton s common stock. 

Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a loss from early extinguishment of 756,000 related the payment of all outstanding
obligations to the Company s previous senior lender, SWK Funding, LLC, and its partners. 

Gain
on Forgiveness of PPP Loan 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded gain on forgiveness of loan of 1,967,000 related to the forgiveness of our PPP Loan. 

45 

Gain
on Sale of Non-Ophthalmology Assets 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain on the sale of our non-ophthalmology assets to Innovation Compounding Pharmacy,
LLC of 5,259,000. 

Other
Income, net 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded other income, net of 102,000 which was primarily the result of income of 102,000 related
to the transition services provided as part of non-ophthalmology related compounding product line. During the year ended December 31,
2021, we recorded other income, net of 197,000. This was primarily the result of income of 238,000 related to negotiation of old payables
and expense of 41,000 related to loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment. 

The
following table presents our net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (14,086,000 
 (18,479,000 
 
 Net
 loss per share, basic and diluted 
 (0.51 
 (0.69 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity 

Our
cash on hand at December 31, 2022 was 96,270,000, compared to 42,167,000 at December 31, 2021. Since inception through December 31,
2022, we incurred aggregate losses of 109,493,000. These losses are primarily due to selling, general and administrative and research
and development expenses incurred in connection with developing and seeking regulatory approval for a former drug candidate, which activities
we have now discontinued, the development and commercialization of novel compounded formulations and the development of our pharmacy
operations. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we believe that cash and cash equivalents of 96,270,000 at December 31, 2022, along with proceeds
received from the BR Loan will be sufficient to sustain our planned level of operations and capital expenditures for at least the next
12 months. We also may consider the sale of certain assets including, but not limited to, part of, or all of, our ownership interest
in Eton, Surface, Melt, and/or any of our consolidated subsidiaries. However, our plans for this period may change, our estimates of
our operating expenses, capital expenditures and working capital requirements could be inaccurate, we may pursue acquisitions of products,
companies or other strategic transactions that involve large expenditures or we may experience growth more quickly or on a larger scale
than we expect, any of which could result in the depletion of capital resources more rapidly than anticipated and could require us to
seek additional financing earlier than we expect to support our operations. 

We
expect to use our current cash position and funds generated from our operations and any financing to pursue our business plan, which
includes developing and commercializing FDA-approved products, compounded formulations, and technologies, developing our overall operations,
pursuing potential future strategic transactions as opportunities arise, including potential acquisitions of products, compounding pharmacies
and outsourcing facilities, drug companies and manufacturers, and/or assets or technologies, and otherwise fund our operations. We may
also use our resources to conduct clinical trials or other studies in support of our formulations or any drug candidate for which we
pursue FDA approval, to pursue additional development programs or to explore other development opportunities. 

Net
Cash Flows 

The
following provides detailed information about our net cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For
 the Years Ended 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in): 

Operating
 activities 
 1,705,000 
 5,082,000 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 (1,743,000 
 (18,686,000 
 
 Financing
 activities 
 54,141,000 
 51,470,000 
 
 Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 
 54,103,000 
 37,866,000 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 
 42,167,000 
 4,301,000 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of the year 
 96,270,000 
 42,167,000 

46 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash provided by operating activities was 1,705,000 in 2022, compared to 5,082,000 in the prior year. Net cash provided by operating
activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased primarily as a result of an increase in operating expenses during year in
preparation of the launch of IHEEZO and in support of operationalizing other product acquisitions. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities in 2022 and 2021 was (1,743,000) and (18,686,000), respectively. Cash used in investing activities
during the 2022 period was primarily associated with equipment and software purchases and upgrades along with investments in our intellectual
property portfolio, offset by cash received on the sale of our non-ophthalmic assets. Cash used in investing activities in 2021 was primarily
associated with cash payments made in connection with the Melt note receivable and the acquisition of MAXITRO, IOPIDINE and MOXEZA, offset
by cash received through the sale of a portion of our Eton common stock. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities in 2022 and 2021 was 54,141,000 and 51,470,000, respectively. Net cash provided by financing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to net proceeds from the sale of 35,000,000 Notes and sale
of common stock. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to net proceeds
received from the sale of 75,000,000 senior notes due April 2026, net of the payment of all outstanding obligations to the Company s
previous senior lender, SWK Funding, LLC, and its partners. 

Sources
of Capital 

Our
principal sources of cash consist of cash provided by operating activities from our ImprimisRx business, our brand ophthalmic pharmaceuticals
business, proceeds from the sale of the Notes and sale of Eton common stock. We may also sell some or all of our ownership interests
in Surface, Melt or our other subsidiaries, along with the some or all of the remaining portion of our Eton common stock. 

The
changing trends and overall economic outlook, including the historic interim stay-at-home orders and bans on elective surgeries associated
with the COVID-19 pandemic, created uncertainty surrounding our operating outlook and may impact our future operating results if there
is a resurgence in COVID-19 cases in the U.S. In addition, we may acquire new products, product candidates and/or businesses and, as
a result, we may need significant additional capital to support our business plan and fund our proposed business operations. We may receive
additional proceeds from the exercise of stock purchase warrants that are currently outstanding. We may also seek additional financing
from a variety of sources, including other equity or debt financings, funding from corporate partnerships or licensing arrangements,
sales of assets or any other financing transaction. If we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, our
existing stockholders may experience substantial dilution, and the newly issued equity or debt securities may have more favorable terms
or rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds through collaboration
or licensing arrangements or sales of assets, we may be required to relinquish potentially valuable rights to our product candidates
or proprietary technologies or formulations, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we raise funds by incurring
additional debt, we may be required to pay significant interest expenses and our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization
may increase. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming they would be available, would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments
and may impose restrictions on our activities, such as the financial and operating covenants. Further, we may incur substantial costs
in pursuing future capital and/or financing transactions, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and
distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we
may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which would adversely impact our financial results. 

We
may be unable to obtain financing when necessary as a result of, among other things, our performance, general economic conditions, conditions
in the pharmaceuticals and pharmacy industries, or our operating history, including our past bankruptcy proceedings. In addition, the
fact that we have a limited history of profitability could further impact the availability or cost to us of future financings. As a result,
sufficient funds may not be available when needed from any source or, if available, such funds may not be available on terms that are
acceptable to us. If we are unable to raise funds to satisfy our capital needs when needed, then we may need to forego pursuit of potentially
valuable development or acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to continue to operate our business pursuant to our business plan,
which would require us to modify our operations to reduce spending to a sustainable level by, among other things, delaying, scaling back
or eliminating some or all of our ongoing or planned investments in corporate infrastructure, business development, sales and marketing
and other activities, or we may be forced to discontinue our operations entirely. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

We
rely on the use of estimates and make assumptions that impact our financial condition and results. These estimates and assumptions are
based on historical results and trends as well as our forecasts of how results and trends might change in the future. Although we believe
that the estimates we use are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

47 

We
believe that the accounting policies described below are critical to understanding our business, results of operations and financial
condition because they involve the use of more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that
are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and any changes in the assumptions used in making the accounting estimates that
are reasonably likely to occur could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue
Recognition and Deferred Revenue 

We
account for contracts with customers in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenues from Contracts
with Customers. We have two primary streams of revenue: (1) revenue recognized from our sale of products within our pharmacy services
and (2) revenue recognized from intellectual property license and asset purchase agreements. 

Product
Revenues from Pharmacy Services 

We sell
prescription medications directly through our pharmacy, outsourcing facility and 3PL partner. Revenue from our pharmacy services includes:
(i) the portion of the price the client pays directly to us, net of any volume-related or other discounts paid back to the client, (ii)
the price paid to us by individuals, and (iii) customer copayments made directly to the pharmacy network. Sales taxes are not included
in revenue. Following the core principles of ASC 606, we have identified the following: 

1. 
 Identify the contract(s) with a customer : A contract is deemed to exist when the customer places an order through receipt of a prescription, via an online order or via receipt of a purchase order from a customer. For branded products, orders are received through our 3PL partner, and the customer takes title of the products via formal purchase orders placed and fulfilled. 

2. 
 Identify the performance obligations in the contract : Obligations for fulfillment of our contracts consist of delivering the product to customers at their specified destination. ASU 2016-10 was issued in April 2016 and amended ASC 606 for shipping and handling activities as follows: If the customer takes control of the goods after shipment, shipping and handling activities would always be considered a fulfillment activity and not treated as a separate performance obligation. If the customer takes control of the goods before shipment, entities must make an accounting policy election to treat shipping and handling activities as either a fulfillment cost or as a separate performance obligation. We have elected to treat its shipping and handling activities as a fulfillment cost. 

3. 
 Determine the transaction price : The transaction price is based on an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled, net of accruals for estimated rebates, wholesaler chargebacks, discounts and other deductions (collectively, sales deductions) and an estimate for returns and replacements established at the time of sale. We utilize the services of a third-party professional services firm to estimate rebates and chargebacks associated with sales of its branded products. The transfer of promised goods is satisfied within a year, and therefore there are no significant financing components. There is no non-cash consideration related to product sales. 

4. 
 Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract : Given that there is only one performance obligation for product sales, no allocation is necessary. 

5. 
 Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation : Revenue from products is recognized upon transfer of control of a product to a customer. This generally occurs upon shipment unless contractual terms with a customer state that transfer of control occurs at delivery. 

Commission Revenues 

We entered into an
agreement whereby we are paid a fee calculated based on sales we generate from a pharmaceutical product that is owned by a third party.
The revenue earned from this arrangement is recognized, at which point there is no future performance obligation required by us and no
consequential continuing involvement on our part to recognize the associated revenue. 

Revenues From Transfer of Acquired Product Profit 

We entered
into an agreement whereby we purchased the exclusive commercial rights to assets associated with certain ophthalmic products from another
pharmaceutical company (the Seller ). During a temporary, six month transition period, the Seller continued to
manufacture and market these products and transfer the net profit from the sale of the products to us. The revenue we recognized from
the transfer of net profit was recognized at the time profit from the product sales was calculated by the Seller and confirmed by us,
typically on a monthly basis, at which point there is no future performance obligation required and no consequential continuing involvement
on our part to recognize the associated revenue. On a quarterly basis, the Seller invoiced us for all credits and reimbursements Chargebacks made to customers related to the products. We used historical actual experience to estimate Chargebacks associated with the net profit
transferred. The estimate is recorded as a reduction in revenues in our consolidated statements of operations and accounts receivable
in the consolidated balance sheets at the time the revenue is recognized. 

48 

Intellectual Property License Revenues 

We currently
hold five intellectual property licenses and related agreements pursuant to which we have agreed to license or sell to a customer with
the right to access our intellectual property. License arrangements may consist of non-refundable upfront license fees, data transfer
fees, research reimbursement payments, exclusive license rights to patented or patent pending compounds, technology access fees, and various
performance or sales milestones. These arrangements can be multiple-element arrangements, the revenue of which is recognized at the point
in time that the performance obligation is met. 

Non-refundable fees
that are not contingent on any future performance and require no consequential continuing involvement on our part are recognized as revenue
when the license term commences and the licensed data, technology, compounded drug preparation and/or other deliverable is delivered.
Such deliverables may include physical quantities of compounded drug preparations, design of the compounded drug preparations and structure-activity
relationships, the conceptual framework and mechanism of action, and rights to the patents or patent applications for such compounded
drug preparations. We defer recognition of non-refundable fees if it has continuing performance obligations without which the technology,
right, product or service conveyed in conjunction with the non-refundable fee has no utility to the licensee and that are separate and
independent of our performance under the other elements of the arrangement. In addition, if our continued involvement is required, through
research and development services that are related to its proprietary know-how and expertise of the delivered technology or can only
be performed by us, then such non-refundable fees are deferred and recognized over the period of continuing involvement. Guaranteed minimum
annual royalties are recognized on a straight-line basis over the applicable term. 

Investment
in Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

We
own 1,982,000 shares of Eton common stock, which represented approximately 8 of the equity and voting interests of Eton as of December
31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the fair market value of Eton s common stock was 2.82 per share. In accordance with Accounting
Standard Update ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities , for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an investment loss from our Eton common
stock position of 2,914,000 and 10,126,000 respectively, related to the change in fair market value of our investment in Eton during
the measurement periods, including a realized loss of 1,406,000 from the sale of 1,518,000 shares of Eton s common stock during
the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair market value of our investment in Eton was 5,589,000 and
 8,503,000, respectively. 

Investment
in Surface Ophthalmics, Inc. Related Party 

We
own 3,500,000 common shares of Surface, which represented approximately 20 of the equity and voting interests as of December 31, 2022,
and use the equity method of accounting for this investment, as management has determined that we have the ability to exercise significant
influence over the operating and financial decisions of Surface. Under this method, we recognize earnings and losses in Surface in its
consolidated financial statements and adjusts the carrying amount of its investment in Surface accordingly. Our share of earnings and
losses are based on our ownership interest of Surface. Any intra-entity profits and losses are eliminated. We recorded equity in the
net loss of Surface of 1,314,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of our
investment in Surface was 0 and 0, respectively. 

See
Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for more information and related party disclosure regarding Surface. 

Investment
in Melt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Related Party 

In
April 2018, we formed Melt as a wholly-owned subsidiary. In January and March of 2019, Melt entered into definitive stock purchase agreements
(collectively, the Melt Series A Preferred Stock Agreement with certain investors and closed on the purchase and sale
of Melt s Series A Preferred Stock (the Melt Series A Stock ), totaling approximately 11,400,000 of proceeds (collectively
the Melt Series A Round at a purchase price of 5.00 per share. As a result, we lost voting and ownership control of Melt
and ceased consolidating Melt s financial statements. 

At
the time of deconsolidation, we recorded a gain of 5,810,000 and adjusted the carrying value in Melt to reflect the increased valuation
of Melt and our new ownership interest in accordance with ASC 810-10-40-4(c), Consolidation . 

We
own 3,500,000 common shares of Melt, which represented approximately 46 of its equity and voting interests as of December 31, 2022.
We analyze our investment in Melt and related agreements on a regular basis to evaluate our position of variable interests in Melt. We
no longer have a controlling position in Melt; however, we do have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and
financial decisions of Melt. We use the equity method of accounting for this investment. Under this method, we recognize earnings and
losses of Melt in its consolidated financial statements and adjusts the carrying amount of its investment in Melt accordingly. Our share
of earnings and losses are based on our ownership interest of Melt. Any intra-entity profits and losses are eliminated. During the year
ended December 31, 2021 we reduced our common stock investment in Melt to 0. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and at the time of entering
into the Melt Loan Agreement, we owned 100 of the debt owed by Melt. Following the reduction of the carrying value of our common stock
investment in Melt to 0 we began recording 100 of the equity method losses of Melt, based on our ownership of total debt owed by Melt.
We recorded equity in net losses of Melt of 11,133,000 and 4,020,000 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, our investment in Melt was 0 and 139,000 is due from Melt for reimbursable expenses and amounts due under
the Melt Master Service Agreement Melt MSA ). 

See
Notes 2 and 5 to our consolidated financial statements for more information and related party disclosure regarding Melt. 

49 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

All
stock-based payments to employees, directors and consultants, including grants of stock options, warrants, restricted stock units and
restricted stock, are recognized in the consolidated financial statements based upon their estimated fair values. We use the Black-Scholes
option pricing model and Monte-Carlo simulation model to estimate the fair value of stock-based awards. Fair value is determined at the
date of grant. The financial statement effect of forfeitures is estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, if the actual
effect differs from those estimates. 

Income
Taxes 

As
part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we must estimate the actual current tax assets and liabilities
and assess permanent and temporary differences that result from differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. The temporary
differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within the consolidated balance sheets. We must assess
the likelihood that the deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and, to the extent we believe that recovery
is not more likely than not, a valuation allowance must be established which reduces the amount of deferred tax assets recorded on the
consolidated balance sheets. To the extent we establish a valuation allowance or increase or decrease this allowance in a period, the
impact will be included in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

We
account for income taxes under the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740, Income Taxes . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no unrecognized tax benefits included in the
consolidated balance sheets that would, if recognized, affect the effective tax rate. Our practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties
related to income tax matters in income tax expense. We had no accrual for interest or penalties in its consolidated balance sheets at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and have not recognized interest and/or penalties in the consolidated statements of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We are subject to taxation in the United States, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, New Jersey,
New York, Tennessee, and Wisconsin. Our tax years since 2000 may be subject to examination by the federal and state tax authorities due
to the carryforward of unutilized net operating losses. 

Research
and Development 

R D
expenses consist of expenses incurred in performing research and development activities, including salaries and benefits, other overhead
expenses, and costs related to clinical trials, contract services and outsourced contracts. We expense all costs related to R D as
they are incurred. 

Upfront
and milestone payments related to the acquisition and licensing of technology for drug and product candidates that are not yet approved
by the FDA are considered acquisition of in process R D and expensed as R D in the period in which the expense occurs. 

Intellectual
Property 

The
costs of acquiring intellectual property rights to be used in the research and development process, including licensing fees and milestone
payments, are charged to research and development expense as incurred in situations where we have not identified an alternative future
use for the acquired rights, and are capitalized in situations where we have identified an alternative future use for the acquired rights.
Patents and trademarks are recorded at cost and capitalized at a time when the future economic benefits of such patents and trademarks
become more certain (See Goodwill and Intangible Assets below). We began capitalizing certain costs associated with
acquiring intellectual property rights during 2015, if costs are not capitalized, they are expensed as incurred. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets, such as property, plant and equipment, purchased intangibles subject to amortization and patents and trademarks, are reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge
is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed would
be separately presented in the consolidated balance sheet and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to
sell, and are no longer depreciated. The assets and liabilities of a disposal group classified as held-for-sale would be presented separately
in the appropriate asset and liability sections of the consolidated balance sheet, if material. 

50 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Patents
and trademarks are recorded at cost and capitalized at a time when the future economic benefits of such patents and trademarks become
more certain. At that time, we capitalize third-party legal costs and filing fees associated with obtaining and prosecuting claims related
to its patents and trademarks. Once the patents have been issued, we amortize these costs over the shorter of the legal life of the patent
or its estimated economic life, generally 20 years, using the straight-line method. Trademarks are an indefinite life intangible asset
and are assessed for impairment based on future projected cash flows as further described below. 

We
review our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment as of January 1 of each year and when an event or a change
in circumstances indicates the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying amount. Events or changes in circumstances considered
as impairment indicators include but are not limited to the following: 

significant
 underperformance of the our business relative to expected operating results; 

significant
 adverse economic and industry trends; 

significant
 decline in the our market capitalization for an extended period of time relative to net book value; and 

expectations
 that a reporting unit will be sold or otherwise disposed. 

The
goodwill impairment test consists of a two-step process as follows: 

Step
1. We compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including the existing goodwill. The fair value of each reporting
unit is determined using a discounted cash flow valuation analysis. The carrying amount of each reporting unit is determined by specifically
identifying and allocating the assets and liabilities to each reporting unit based on headcount, relative revenues or other methods as
deemed appropriate by management. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an indication exists that the reporting
unit s goodwill may be impaired and we then perform the second step of the impairment test. If the fair value of a reporting unit
exceeds its carrying amount, no further analysis is required. 

Step
2. If further analysis is required, we compare the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill, determined by allocating
the reporting unit s fair value to all of its assets and its liabilities in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation, to
its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss will be
recognized in an amount equal to the excess. 

Debt
Issuance Costs and Debt Discount 

Debt
issuance costs and the debt discount are recorded net of loans payable in the consolidated balance sheet. Amortization of debt issuance
costs and the debt discount is calculated using the effective interest method over the term of the debt and is recorded in interest expense
in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

Since
our inception, except for standard operating leases, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements, including the use of
structured finance, special purpose entities or variable interest entities. We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are
reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. 

51 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are included in this Annual Report beginning on page F-1 immediately
following the signature page hereto and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), our principal executive
officer, and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), our principal financial and accounting officer, conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report, pursuant to Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

In
connection with that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. For the purpose of this review, disclosure controls and procedures means controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer
and principal accounting officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of,
our CEO and CFO and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, conducted an evaluation of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations. Based on such evaluation, management concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting, in accordance with applicable SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s report in the annual
report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the
year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
management, including our CEO and CFO, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will
prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error
or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls
can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the
controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of
any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

52 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Election of Directors, 
 Executive Officers, Corporate Governance, Corporate Governance Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, 
and Corporate Governance Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023
Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Executive Compensation 
and Director Compensation in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters and Executive Compensation Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Corporate Governance
 Transactions with Related Persons and Corporate Governance Director Independence in the Company s
Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Ratification of
Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders. 

53 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 List
 of the following documents filed as part of the report: 

(1) 
 See
 the index to our consolidated financial statements on page F-1 for a list of the financial statements being filed in this Annual
 Report. 

(2) 
 All
 financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated
 financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) 
 See
 Item 15(b) below for all exhibits being filed or incorporated by reference herein. 

(b) 
 Exhibits: 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 
 No. 
 
 Description

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 17, 2007, by and among Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Transdel Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. and Trans-Pharma Acquisition Corp. Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2007) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation effective February 28, 2012, as further amended by the Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation effective February 7, 2013, and as further amended by the Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation effective September 10, 2014 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2014) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2011) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed July 2, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 2, 2018) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation for the name change, filed as of December 27, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2018) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock of Harrow Health, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities 
 
 4.2 
 
 Indenture dated April 20, 2021 between Harrow Health, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated April 20, 2021 between Harrow Health, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of 8.625 Senior Note due 2026 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2021). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated December 20, 2022 between Harrow Health, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2022). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of 11.875 Senior Note due 2027 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Directors and Officers Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2007) 
 
 10.2# 
 
 Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive and Awards Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 8, 2013) 
 
 10.3# 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Incentive Stock and Awards Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2013) 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2007) 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2007) 

54 

10.6# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 8, 2013) 
 
 10.7# 
 
 Stand-alone Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated July 18, 2012, granted by Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to Mark L. Baum (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-182846) filed on July 25, 2012) 
 
 10.8# 
 
 Stand-alone Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated July 18, 2012, granted by Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to Robert J. Kammer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-182846) filed on July 25, 2012) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-182846) filed on October 26, 2012) 
 
 10.10# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2016, by and between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Mark L. Baum (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2016) 
 
 10.11# 
 
 Performance
 Stock Units Agreement, dated May 2, 2013, by and between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Mark L. Baum (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2013) 
 
 10.12# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2016, by and between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Andrew R. Boll (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2016) 
 
 10.13# 
 
 Performance Stock Units Award Agreement, effective as of February 1, 2015, by and between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Andrew R. Boll (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2, 2015) 
 
 10.14# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2016, by and between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and John P. Saharek (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2016) 
 
 10.15# 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Stock, dated May 11, 2015, issued by Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2015) 
 
 10.16# 
 
 Warrant Amendment to Purchase Stock, dated December 27, 2016, issued by Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2016) 
 
 10.17# 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 21, 2017, between the Registrant and the Investors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 22, 2017) 
 
 10.18 
 
 License Agreement dated April 1, 2017 between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 6, 2017) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Strategic Sales Marketing Agreement dated April 13, 2017 between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Cameron Ehlen Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2017) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Strategic Sales Marketing Agreement dated April 28, 2017 between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and SightLife Surgical, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 2, 2017) 
 
 10.21# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated May 1, 2017 between Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Mark L. Baum (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2017) 
 
 10.22# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated May 1, 2017 between Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Andrew R. Boll (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2017) 
 
 10.23# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated May 1, 2017 between Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and John P. Saharek (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2017) 

55 

10.24 
 
 Asset Purchase and License Agreement (pentoxifylline) dated May 9, 2017 between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 20, 2017) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Asset Purchase and License Agreement (corticotropin) dated May 9, 2017 between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 20, 2017) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Management Services Agreement dated May 1, 2017 between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 20, 2017) 
 
 10.27# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated October 27, 2017 between Surface Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Mark L. Baum (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2017) 
 
 10.28# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated October 27, 2017 between Surface Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Andrew R. Boll (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2017) 
 
 10.29# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated October 27, 2017 between Surface Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and John P. Saharek (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2017) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Asset Purchase and License Agreement dated September 28, 2017 between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Surface Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2018) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Amended and Restated Asset Purchase and License Agreement dated April 10, 2018 between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Surface Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2018) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Amended and Restated License Agreement dated April 10, 2018 between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2018) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated March 1, 2018 between Surface Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2018) 
 
 10.34# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated May 1, 2018 between Melt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Mark L. Baum (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13, 2018) 
 
 10.35# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated May 1, 2018 between Melt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Andrew R. Boll (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13, 2018) 
 
 10.36# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated May 1, 2018 between Melt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and John P. Saharek (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13, 2018) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 11, 2018 between Harrow Health, Inc. (fka Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) and Melt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 5, 2019) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated February 1, 2019 between Harrow Health, Inc. and Mayfield Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2019) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated February 1, 2019 between Harrow Health, Inc. and Elle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2019) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Joinder and Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 24, 2019, by and between Harrow Health, Inc., each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and SWK Funding LLC. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2019) 

56 

10.41# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated June 3, 2019 between Mayfield Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Mark L. Baum (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2019) 
 
 10.42# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated June 3, 2019 between Mayfield Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Andrew R. Boll (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2019) 
 
 10.43# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated June 3, 2019 between Mayfield Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and John P. Saharek (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2019) 
 
 10.44 
 
 License Agreement, dated July 28, 2019, among Mayfield Pharmaceuticals, Inc., TGV-Health, LLC and TGV-Gyneconix, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13, 2019). 
 
 10.45 
 
 License Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, among Stowe Pharmaceuticals, Inc., TGV-Health, LLC and TGV-Ophthalnix, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13, 2019). 
 
 10.46# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated February 13, 2020 between Stowe Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Mark L. Baum (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.65# to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2020). 
 
 10.47# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated February 13, 2020 between Stowe Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Andrew R. Boll (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.65# to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2020). 
 
 10.48# 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated February 13, 2020 between Stowe Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and John P. Saharek (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.65# to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2020). 
 
 10.49 
 
 Business Loan Agreement with Renasant Bank pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program, dated April 27, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2020). 
 
 10.50 
 
 Second Amendment, dated as of April 1, 2020, to the Loan and Security Agreement by and among Harrow Health, Inc., several of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and the Lenders named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2020). 
 
 10.51 
 
 Commercial Alliance Agreement between Eyepoint Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and ImprimisRx, LLC dated August 1, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 # to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2020). 
 
 10.52 
 
 Expansion Term Letter Agreement dated December 6, 2021 between Eyepoint Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and ImprimisRx, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2022) 
 
 10.53 
 
 Mutual Termination Agreement dated October 7, 2022 between ImprimisRx and EyePoint Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.54 
 
 License and Supply Agreement dated July 25, 2021 between Harrow Health, Inc. and Sintetica, S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2021) 
 
 10.55# 
 
 Harrow Health, Inc. 2017 Incentive Stock and Awards Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 25, 2017) 
 
 10.56# 
 
 First Amendment to the Harrow Health, Inc. 2017 Incentive Stock and Awards Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Harrow Health, Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23, 2021) 
 
 10.57 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated September 1, 2021 among Harrow Health, Inc. and Melt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 2, 2021) 
 
 10.58 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated April 8, 2022 between Harrow Health, Inc. and Melt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated September 21, 2022 between Harrow Health, Inc. and Melt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.60 
 
 Basic Sale and Purchase Agreement dated August 18, 2021 between Harrow Health, Inc. and Wakamoto Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2021) 
 
 10.61 
 
 License Agreement dated August 18, 2021 between Harrow Health, Inc. and Wakamoto Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2021) 
 
 10.62 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 17, 2021 between Harrow Health, Inc. and Novartis Technology, LLC and Novartis Ophthalmics AG (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2022) 
 
 10.63 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 13, 2022 between Harrow Health, Inc. and Novartis Technology, LLC and Novartis Innovative Therapies AG (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 10-K of Harrow Health, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2022). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Annual Report) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Mark L. Baum, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Andrew R. Boll, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by Mark L. Baum, Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by Andrew R. Boll, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instant Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the
 Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 The
 cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 has been formatted in Inline
 XBRL 

# 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 
 
 + 
 Confidential
 treatment has been granted with respect to portions of this exhibit pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act and these confidential
 portions have been redacted from the filing that is incorporated herein by reference. A complete copy of this exhibit, including
 the redacted terms, has been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HARROW
 HEALTH, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Mark L. Baum 

Mark
 L. Baum 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March
 23, 2023 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Mark L. Baum and Andrew R. Boll,
and each of them individually, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to any or all amendments to this Annual Report, and to file the same,
with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them the full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in and about the foregoing, as full to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue thereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Mark L. Baum 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Mark
 L. Baum 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Andrew R. Boll 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Andrew
 R. Boll 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ R.
 Lawrence Van Horn 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 R.
 Lawrence Van Horn 

/s/
 Teresa F. Sparks 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Teresa
 F. Sparks 

/s/
 Richard L. Lindstrom 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Richard
 L. Lindstrom 

/s/
 Perry J. Sternberg 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Perry
 J. Sternberg 

/s/
 Martin Makary 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Martin
 Makary 

58 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Harrow
Health, Inc. 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
Harrow Health, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Harrow Health, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Product Sales Deductions Branded Products 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements, revenues from branded product sales are recognized net of accruals for estimated rebates, wholesaler chargebacks, discounts
and other deductions (collectively, sales deductions ), which are established at the time of sale. Management s estimate
of sales deductions for branded products is based on the inventory levels in the distribution channel as provided by wholesalers, as well
as the actual average selling price for each product which is impacted by changes in customer mix, changes in negotiated terms with customers,
and changes in the volume of purchases. In addition, management utilizes the services of a third-party professional services firm to estimate
rebates and chargebacks associated with sales of its branded products. 

We identified the estimates of accruals for sales
deductions as a critical audit matter given the limited sales history of the Company s branded products and the significant judgment
required by management with respect to the measurement uncertainty, as the calculation of the sales deductions includes assumptions such
as average selling price, purchasing trends of wholesalers and historical branded product sales used to predict future sales. This required
a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort in applying the procedures related to management s assumptions. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in
the Audit 

To test management s estimated branded product
sales deductions, we obtained management s calculations for the respective estimates and performed the following procedures, among
others. We tested management s estimation process for determining accruals for product sales deductions by developing an independent
expectation of the estimated accrual rates, including comparison of rates used in management s analysis to external industry data,
historical actual information, and executed third-party contracts. We evaluated management s historic ability to accurately estimate
the sales deduction accruals by retrospectively comparing historically recorded accruals to the actual amounts that were ultimately claimed
by the wholesalers. In addition, we assessed subsequent events to determine whether there was any new information that would require adjustment
to the accruals. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. 

March 23, 2023 

F- 2 

HARROW HEALTH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment in Eton Pharmaceuticals 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Capitalized software costs, net 

Deferred financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Investment in Melt Pharmaceuticals 
 - 

Goodwill 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll and related liabilities 

Deferred revenue and customer deposits 

Current portion of operating lease obligations 

Current portion of finance lease obligations 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease obligations, net of current portion 

Finance lease obligations, net of current portion 
 - 

Notes payable, net of unamortized debt discount 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL HARROW HEALTH STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Noncontrolling interests 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

HARROW HEALTH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 For the 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Product sales, net 

Other revenues 

Total revenues 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Impairment of long-lived assets 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, net 

Equity in losses of unconsolidated entities 

Investment loss from Eton Pharmaceuticals 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Gain on sale of non-ophthalmology assets 
 
 - 
 
 Other income, net 

Total other expense, net 

Loss before income tax provision 

Income tax provision 

Net loss 

Preferred dividends and accretion of preferred stock issuance costs 
 - 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding, basic and
 diluted 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

HARROW HEALTH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Harrow Health, Inc. 
 Total 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Par 
 
 Par 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
 Interests 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 Equity 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in connection with: 

Exercise of employee stock-based options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vesting of RSUs 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of preferred shares, net of discounts and issuance costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Redemption of preferred shares 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Payment of preferred dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Beginning balance 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in connection with: 

Exercise of consultant stock-based options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of employee stock-based options 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vesting of RSUs 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of common shares from public offering, net of offering costs 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Ending balance 
 - 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

HARROW HEALTH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Provision for bad debt expense 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and discount 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Investment loss from Eton Pharmaceuticals 

Equity in losses of unconsolidated entities 

Loss on disposal of equipment 

Loss on early extinguishment of loan 
 - 

Impairment of long-lived assets 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on sale of non-ophthalmology assets 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll and related liabilities 

Deferred revenue and customer deposits 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Net proceeds from sale of investments 
 - 

Issuance of note receivable, Melt Pharmaceuticals 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of non-ophthalmology assets 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in patent and trademark assets 

Purchase of licenses, product NDAs and patents 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payments on finance lease obligations 

Proceeds from 8.625 notes payable, net of costs 
 - 

Proceeds from 11.875 notes payable, net of costs 
 
 - 
 
 Principal and exit fee payments on SWK loan 
 - 

Proceeds from common stock, net of offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of taxes upon vesting of RSUs 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Sale of preferred stock, net of discount and issuance costs 
 - 

Repayment of preferred stock 
 - 

Payment of preferred stock dividends 
 - 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment included in
 accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Purchase of intangible asset included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations 
 
 - 
 
 Net reduction in right-of-use assets and lease obligations due to modification 
 - 

Melt accounts receivable transferred to note receivable 
 - 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

HARROW
HEALTH, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

, and (ii) entities
that the Company deems to be a VIE. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

. When applicable, and in prior periods, the
Company includes the amount of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated net loss on the face of the
consolidated statements of operations. 

The
Company provides in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity a reconciliation at the beginning and the end of the period
of the carrying amount of total equity, equity attributable to the parent, and equity attributable to the noncontrolling interests that
separately discloses: 

1. net
 income or loss; 

2. transactions
 with owners acting in their capacity as owners, showing separately contributions from and
 distributions to owners; and 

3. each
 component of other income or loss 

The
noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, relate to consolidated subsidiaries that
the Company owns a controlling stake in, but not of the equity interests, and that no longer have active operations, assets and
related financial activity. 

related to the B. Riley Loan and
Security Agreement, which will be recorded as a debt issuance cost and net of the related BR Loan in January 2023 (see Notes 13 and 20). 

The
Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards
Codification ASC 740, Income Taxes . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no unrecognized tax benefits
included in the consolidated balance sheets that would, if recognized, affect the effective tax rate. The Company s practice is
to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company had no accrual for interest or
penalties in its consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and has not recognized interest and/or penalties in the consolidated
statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is subject to taxation in the United States, California,
Florida, Georgia, Illinois, New Jersey, New York, Tennessee, and Wisconsin. The Company s tax years since 2000 may be subject to
examination by the federal and state tax authorities due to the carryforward of unutilized net operating losses. 

per owner. In various accounts the Company
has cash deposits in excess of FDIC limits. and
 ), during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the change in fair market value of its investment
in Eton during the measurement period. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of its Eton common stock through an underwritten
public offering at a public offering price of per share (the Eton Stock Sale ). The gross proceeds to the Company
from the Eton Stock Sale were , before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable
by the Company of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a realized loss of related
to the Eton Stock Sale. Following the Eton Stock Sale and as of December 31, 2022, the Company owns shares
of Eton common stock, which represents less than of the equity interests of Eton. At December 31, 2022, the fair market
value of Eton s common stock was per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair market value of the Company s
investment in Eton was and , respectively. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of common stock of Melt (representing approximately of the equity interests as of December 31, 2022).
The Company analyzes its investment in Melt and related agreements on a regular basis to evaluate its position of variable interests
in Melt. The Company has determined that it does not have the ability to control Melt, however it has the ability to exercise significant
influence over the operating and financial decisions of Melt and uses the equity method of accounting for this investment. Under this
method, the Company recognizes earnings and losses in Melt in its consolidated financial statements and adjusts the carrying amount of
its investment in Melt accordingly. Any intra-entity profits and losses are eliminated. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company reduced the carrying value of its common stock investment in Melt to as a result of the Company recording its share of equity
losses in Melt since its deconsolidation in 2019. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and at the time of entering into the Melt Loan Agreement
(see Note 5), the Company owned of Melt s indebtedness. Following the reduction of the carrying value of the Company s
common stock investment in Melt to , the Company began recording of the equity method losses of Melt, based on its ownership of
Melt s total indebtedness. In addition, the Company treats interest paid in kind on the Melt Loan Agreement as an in-substance
capital contribution and reduces its investment in Melt accordingly, rather than recording interest income. The Company has no other
requirements to advance funds to Melt. 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loan 

- 

- 

The
following table summarizes the Company s investments in Melt as of December 31, 2021: 

Cost 
 Basis 
 Share of Equity 
 Method Losses 
 Paid-in-Kind 
 Interest 
 In-substance 
 Capital Contributions 
 
 Net 
 Carrying value 
 
 Common stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loan 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively, due from Melt for reimbursable expenses and
amounts due under a Management Services Agreement between the Company and Melt (the Melt MSA ), which are included in prepaid
expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

See
Note 5 for more information and related party disclosure regarding Melt. 

common shares of Surface (representing approximately of Surface s equity interests following the closing
of a round of financing completed by Surface in July 2021) and uses the equity method of accounting for this investment, as management
has determined that the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial decisions of Surface.
Under this method, the Company recognizes earnings and losses in Surface in its consolidated financial statements and adjusts the carrying
amount of its investment in Surface accordingly. The Company s share of earnings and losses are based on the Company s ownership
interest of Surface. Any intra-entity profits and losses are eliminated. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reduced
its common stock investment in Surface to as a result of the Company recording its share of equity losses of Surface. The Company
has no other investments in Surface. 

- 

See
Note 6 for more information and related party disclosure regarding Surface. 

. 

. When internal-use
software that was previously capitalized is abandoned, the cost less the accumulated amortization, if any, is recorded as amortization
expense. Fully amortized capitalized internal-use software costs are removed from their respective accounts. 

years, using the straight-line method. Acquired product rights,
including new drug applications NDAs ), are amortized over their estimated useful lives, generally 10 years, based on a
straight-line method. Trademarks are an indefinite-lived intangible asset and are assessed for impairment based on future projected cash
flows as further described below. 

The
Company reviews its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment as of January 1 of each year and when an event or
a change in circumstances indicates the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying amount. Events or changes in circumstances
considered as impairment indicators include but are not limited to the following: 

significant
underperformance of the Company s business relative to expected operating results; 

significant adverse economic and industry trends; 

significant decline in the Company s market capitalization for an extended period of time relative to net book value; and 

expectations that a reporting unit will be sold or otherwise disposed. 

The
goodwill impairment test consists of a two-step process as follows: 

Step
1. The Company compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including the existing goodwill. The fair value
of each reporting unit is determined using a discounted cash flow valuation analysis. The carrying amount of each reporting unit is determined
by specifically identifying and allocating the assets and liabilities to each reporting unit based on headcount, relative revenues or
other methods as deemed appropriate by management. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an indication exists
that the reporting unit s goodwill may be impaired and the Company then performs the second step of the impairment test. If the
fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further analysis is required. 

Step
2. If further analysis is required, the Company compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill, determined by
allocating the reporting unit s fair value to all of its assets and its liabilities in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation,
to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss will
be recognized in an amount equal to the excess. 

and , respectively. 

The
Company carries the 2026 Notes at face value, including the unamortized premium, less unamortized debt issuance costs, and the 2027 Notes
are carried at face value less unamortized debt issuance costs on the consolidated balance sheets and presents fair value for disclosure
purposes only. The 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes are classified as Level 1 instruments as the fair value is determined using quoted market
prices in active markets for the same securities. 

2027 Notes 

- 
 - 

The
Company s other financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and accrued expenses, accrued payroll and related liabilities, deferred revenue and customer deposits and operating and finance lease
liabilities. The carrying amount of these financial instruments, except for operating and finance lease liabilities, approximates fair
value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company, the carrying
values of the operating and finance lease liabilities approximate their respective fair values. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are excluded in
the calculation of diluted net income per share for the periods presented, because the effect is anti-dilutive for that time period.
Included in the basic and diluted net income (loss) per share calculation were RSUs awarded to directors that had vested, but the issuance
and delivery of the shares are deferred until the director resigns. The number of shares underlying vested RSUs at December 31, 2022
and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Denominator weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Revenues
From Transfer of Acquired Product Profit 

The
Company entered into an agreement whereby it purchased the exclusive commercial rights to
assets associated with certain ophthalmic products from another pharmaceutical company (the Seller ). During a temporary,
six month transition period, the Seller continued to manufacture and market these products and transfer the net profit from
the sale of the products to the Company. The revenue recognized by the Company from the transfer of net profit was recognized at the
time profit from the product sales was calculated by the Seller and confirmed by the Company, typically on a monthly basis, at which
point there is no future performance obligation required by the Company and no consequential continuing involvement on the Company s
part to recognize the associated revenue. On a quarterly basis, the Seller invoiced the Company for all credits and reimbursements Chargebacks made to customers related to the products. The Company used historical actual experience to estimate Chargebacks associated with the
net profit transferred. The estimate is recorded as a reduction in revenues in the Company s consolidated statements of operations
and accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheets at the time the revenue is recognized. 

Intellectual
Property License Revenues 

The
Company currently holds five intellectual property licenses and related agreements pursuant to which the Company has agreed to license
or sell to a customer with the right to access the Company s intellectual property. License arrangements may consist of non-refundable
upfront license fees, data transfer fees, research reimbursement payments, exclusive license rights to patented or patent pending compounds,
technology access fees, and various performance or sales milestones. These arrangements can be multiple-element arrangements, the revenue
of which is recognized at the point in time that the performance obligation is met. 

Non-refundable
fees that are not contingent on any future performance by the Company and require no consequential continuing involvement on the part
of the Company are recognized as revenue when the license term commences and the licensed data, technology, compounded drug preparation
and/or other deliverable is delivered. Such deliverables may include physical quantities of compounded drug preparations, design of the
compounded drug preparations and structure-activity relationships, the conceptual framework and mechanism of action, and rights to the
patents or patent applications for such compounded drug preparations. The Company defers recognition of non-refundable fees if it has
continuing performance obligations without which the technology, right, product or service conveyed in conjunction with the non-refundable
fee has no utility to the licensee and that are separate and independent of the Company s performance under the other elements
of the arrangement. In addition, if the Company s continued involvement is required, through research and development services
that are related to its proprietary know-how and expertise of the delivered technology or can only be performed by the Company, then
such non-refundable fees are deferred and recognized over the period of continuing involvement. Guaranteed minimum annual royalties are
recognized on a straight-line basis over the applicable term. 

Commissions 

Transfer of profit 

License 
 - 

Total revenues 

Deferred
revenue and customer deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were and , respectively. All deferred revenue and customer
deposit amounts at December 31, 2021 were recognized as revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

at closing in January 2023, with up to another 
due in a milestone payment related to the timing of the commercial availability of TRIESENCE. Pursuant to the Fab 5 APA and various ancillary
agreements, immediately following the closing and subject to certain conditions, for a period that the Company expects to last approximately
six months, and prior to the transfer of the Fab 5 Products new drug applications (the NDAs to the Company, Novartis will
continue to sell the Fab 5 Products on the Company s behalf and transfer the net profit from the sale of the Fab 5 Products to
the Company. Novartis has agreed to supply certain Fab 5 Products to the Company for a period of time after the NDAs are transferred
and to assist with technology transfer of the Fab 5 Products manufacturing to other third-party manufacturers, if needed. 

Divestiture
of Non-Ophthalmic Assets 

In
October 2022, wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company Imprimis entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the RPC
Agreement with Innovation Compounding Pharmacy, LLC (the Buyer ). Under the terms of the RPC Agreement, Imprimis
agreed to sell substantially all of its assets associated with its non-ophthalmology related compounding product line, including but
not limited to, certain intellectual property rights, customer lists, databases, and formulations (the RPC Assets ). The
Buyer agreed to make offers of employment to six of the Company s employees that were responsible for the sales activities associated
with the RPC Assets. Under the terms of the RPC Agreement, the Buyer paid Imprimis an aggregate cash amount of in October
2022. In addition, the Buyer is obligated to pay up to to Imprimis based on mutually agreed upon revenue milestones during
the calendar year 2023 (the Contingent Amount ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, no amount related to the Contingent
Amount was recognized by the Company. The Company will recognize a gain related to the Contingent Amount if/when the contingency (in
this case, revenue thresholds for 2023) become likely and reasonably estimated. 

In
connection with the RPC Agreement, Imprimis entered into a separate transition services agreement with the Buyer related to providing
on going services associated with the RPC Assets, such as procuring and dispensing prescription orders, providing accounting and billing
services and collecting accounts receivable. The Company expects Imprimis to provide transition services to the Buyer for up to six to
nine months following the effective date of the RPC Agreement. The Company collected and will continue to collect cash on behalf of the
Buyer for revenue generated by sales of RPC Assets from October 2022 through the transition period and the Company is obligated to transfer
cash generated by such sales to the Buyer. The Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 reflected 
of cash collected on behalf of the Buyer and a receivable within accounts receivable of for cash to be collected on behalf of
the Buyer for sales of RPC Assets sold through December 31, 2022. 

The
amount due from the Buyer for reimbursement of services performed under the transition services agreement was as of December 31, 2022. Such amount was netted
against the amounts collected on behalf of the Buyer and was unpaid within accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2022. The combined total of was recorded within accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet as of December
31, 2022 and represents a payable to the Buyer. The Company recorded income from the transition services agreement of which
is presented in other income on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Closing and transaction costs 

Net proceeds 

Book value of assets transferred: 

Customer relations intangible asset 

Gain on sale of non-ophthalmology assets 

Acquisition
of IOPIDINE, MAXITROL and MOXEZA 

In
December 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the NVS Agreement with Novartis Technology, LLC and
Novartis Ophthalmics AG (together, NVS ), pursuant to which . The Company made a one-time payment of 
to NVS for the U.S. rights to the NVS Products and their related intellectual property. Pursuant
to the NVS Agreement and various ancillary agreements, immediately following the Closing
Date and subject to certain conditions, for a period of up to six months, and prior to the transfer of the NVS
 Products NDAs (the NVS NDAs to the Company, NVS sold the NVS
 Products on the Company s behalf and transferred the net profit from the sale of the NVS
 Products to the Company. NVS has agreed to supply certain NVS Products to the Company
for a period of time after the NVS NDAs are transferred to the Company and to assist with
technology transfer of the NVS Products manufacturing to other third-party manufacturers,
if needed. 

The
Company accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition, as the Company only acquired the rights and related intellectual property
for the NVS Products and the cost was allocated to the acquired patents and NDAs based on their relative fair values. 

License
and Supply Agreement for IHEEZO 

In
July 2021, the Company entered into a License and Supply Agreement (the Sintetica Agreement with Sintetica S.A. Sintetica ),
pursuant to which Sintetica granted the Company the exclusive license and marketing rights to its patented ophthalmic drug candidate IHEEZO in the U.S. and Canada. 

Pursuant
to the Sintetica Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Sintetica a per unit transfer price to supply IHEEZO, along with a per unit royalty
for units sold. The Company is required to pay Sintetica up to in one-time milestone payments including a payment
(the Upfront Payment due within 30 days of signing the Sintetica Agreement and the balance of payments due upon achievement
of certain regulatory and commercial milestones. Under the terms of the Sintetica Agreement, Sintetica is responsible for regulatory
filings for IHEEZO in the U.S. The Upfront Payment along with an additional milestone payment of was paid and recorded
as R D expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, was paid or accrued
under the Sintetica Agreement following the FDA approval of the United States NDA for IHEEZO, and was capitalized as an intangible asset. 

Subject
to certain limitations, the Sintetica Agreement has a ten-year term, and allows for a ten-year extension if certain sales thresholds
are met. 

License
and Purchase of MAQ-100 

In
August 2021, the Company entered into a License Agreement and a Basic Sale and Purchase Agreement (together, the Wakamoto Agreements with Wakamoto Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Wakamoto ), pursuant to which Wakamoto granted the Company the exclusive license
and marketing rights to its ophthalmic drug candidate MAQ-100 in the U.S. and Canada. 

Pursuant
to the Wakamoto Agreements, Wakamoto will supply MAQ-100 to the Company, and the
Company will pay Wakamoto a per unit transfer price to supply MAQ-100. In addition, the Company is required to pay Wakamoto various one-time
milestone payments totaling up to upon the achievement of certain regulatory milestones and up to upon
the achievement of certain commercial milestones. Under the terms of the Agreements, the Company will be responsible for regulatory filings
and fees for MAQ-100 in the U.S. and Canada. Through December 31, 2022, no amounts have been paid or accrued under the Wakamoto agreement. 

Subject
to certain limitations, the term of the Wakamoto Agreements is for five years from the date of the FDA s market approval of MAQ-100
and allows for a five-year extension if certain unit sales thresholds are met. 

. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded due from Melt for reimbursable expenses and amounts payable pursuant to
the Melt MSA, which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was due and , respectively, from Melt for reimbursable expenses
and amounts due under the Melt MSA. Melt did not make any payments to the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company s Chief Executive Officer, Mark L. Baum, was previously a member of the Melt board of directors until his resignation
during the year ended December 31, 2021. Following Mr. Baum s departure, the Company did not have any representation on
Melt s board of directors until January 2023, when Mr. Baum re-joined the Melt
board of directors. At the time Mr. Baum re-joined, the Melt board of directors consists of five total board members, including Mr.
Baum, who is the only representative of the Company on Melt s board of directors. 

Net loss 

Non-current assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 

Total liabilities 

Total preferred stock and stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Melt
Note Receivable 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company entered into a loan and security agreement in the principal amount of (the Melt
Loan Agreement ), as lender, with Melt, as borrower. Amounts borrowed under the Melt Loan Agreement bear interest at 
per annum, which interest can be paid in-kind at the option of Melt until the maturity date. The Melt Loan Agreement permits Melt to
pay interest only on the principal amount loaned thereunder through the term and all amounts owed were previously due and payable on
September 1, 2022. In April 2022, the Company entered into a First Amendment and in September 2022, a Second Amendment (together, the
 Amendments to the Melt Loan Agreement. The Amendments (i) extended the maturity date of the Melt Loan Agreement to June
1, 2023, which can be extended further to September 1, 2026 upon Melt completing a qualifying financing of a minimum amount of from
third-party investors, (ii) added conditions related to minimum cash amounts following a qualifying financing, and (iii) clarified the
definition of material adverse effects. Melt may elect to prepay all, but not less than all, of the amounts owed prior to the maturity
date at any time without penalty. 

Melt
has granted the Company a security interest in substantially all of its personal property, rights and assets, including intellectual
property rights, to secure the payment of all amounts owed under the Melt Loan Agreement. The Melt Loan Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants, including covenants by Melt limiting additional indebtedness, liens, mergers and acquisitions,
dispositions, investments, distributions, subordinated debt, and transactions with affiliates. The Melt Loan Agreement includes customary
events of default, and upon the occurrence of an event of default (subject to cure periods for certain events of default), all amounts
owed by Melt thereunder may be declared immediately due and payable by the Company, and the interest rate on the loan may be increased
by per annum. 

In
connection with the Melt Loan Agreement, the Company and Melt entered into a Right of First Refusal Agreement providing the Company with
the right, but not the obligation, to match any offer received by Melt associated with the commercial rights to any of Melt s drug
candidates for a period of five years following the effective date of the Melt Loan Agreement. 

The
net funds received by Melt excluded owed to the Company for reimbursable expenses and amounts due under the Melt MSA prior
to the effective date of the note receivable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, aggregate principal and accrued interest payable to the
Company pursuant to the Melt Loan Agreement amounted to and , respectively. In accordance with ASC 328, Investments
 Equity Method and Joint Ventures , the carrying amount of the notes receivable has been reduced by the Company s allocated
share of Melt s losses based on its ownership of total debt owed by Melt (see Note 2). 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company owned shares of Surface common stock. Company directors Richard L. Lindstrom, Perry
J. Sternberg and Mark L. Baum, who is also the Company s Chief Executive Officer, are directors of Surface. Dr. Lindstrom is a
principal of Flying L Partners, an affiliate of an investor who purchased Surface Series A Preferred Stock. 

Net loss 

Non-current assets 

Total assets 

Total liabilities 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Work in progress 
 
 - 
 
 Finished goods 

Total inventories 

Prepaid computer software related expenses 

Other prepaid expenses 

Receivable due from Melt 

Deposits and other current assets 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Furniture and equipment 

Lab and pharmacy equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Property, plant and equipment,
 gross 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company disposed of property, plant and equipment with a net book value of and
 , respectively, and during the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company recorded an impairment charge of related to the
discontinued use of certain lab equipment, which is included in other expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The
Company recorded depreciation and amortization expense of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company purchased lab and pharmacy equipment at a cost of from Eton. 

Acquired third-party software license for internal-use 

Total gross capitalized software for internal-use 

Accumulated amortization 

Capitalized internal-use software in process 

Total finite lived intangible
 assets net 

The
Company recorded amortization expense of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 

- 

Licenses 

- 

Trademarks 

- 
 - 

Acquired NDAs 

- 

Customer relationships 
 - 

Trade name 

- 

Non-competition clause 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 State pharmacy licenses 

- 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net reduction to customer relationships intangible assets of 
related to customer relationships that were associated with the non-ophthalmology assets sold by the Company. The amount was
reflected net of the gross proceeds received related to the sale of the Company s non-ophthalmology assets (see Note
4). 

- 

- 

Licenses 
 years 

- 

Trademarks 

- 

Acquired NDAs 
 years 
 
 - 
 - 

Customer relationships 
 - 

- 

Trade name 
 years 

- 
 - 
 
 Non-competition clause 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 State pharmacy licenses 

- 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges of related to patent filings and trademarks that were
abandoned and/or were associated with products the Company was no longer actively selling. 

See
Note 4 related to intangible assets acquired and divested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Licenses 

Acquired NDAs 
 
 - 
 
 Customer relationships 

Amortization of intangible
 assets 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Intangible assets 

There
were changes in the carrying value of the Company s goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Accrued insurance premium 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued IHEEZO milestone payments (see Note 4) 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued RPC transition payments (see Note 4) 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued litigation settlements 

Accrued interest (see Note 13) 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

aggregate principal amount of 11.875 senior notes due in December 2027
(the 2027 Notes ). The 2027 Notes were sold to investors at a par value of per 2027 Note, and the offering resulted
in net proceeds to the Company of approximately after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses
of . 

The
2027 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company s other
existing and future senior unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The 2027 Notes are effectively subordinated in right of payment
to all of the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness
of the Company s subsidiaries, including trade payables. The 2027 Notes bear interest at the rate of per annum. Interest
on the 2027 Notes is payable quarterly in arrears on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year, commencing on January
31, 2023. The 2027 Notes will mature on . 

At
any time prior to December 31, 2024, the Company may, at its option, redeem the 2027 Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time
to time, at a , plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, upon occurrence
of certain events including (i) a failure by the Company to complete the Fab 5 Acquisition), subject to certain exceptions, within 180
calendar days after December 20, 2022, or (ii) the occurrence of a Material Change, as defined in the Second Supplemental Indenture. 

8.625 
Senior Notes Due 2026 

In
April 2021, the Company closed an offering of aggregate principal amount of 8.625 senior notes due in April
2026, and in May 2021 issued an additional of such notes pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option
to purchase additional notes (collectively, the April Notes ). The April Notes were sold to investors at a par value of
 per April Note and the offering resulted in net proceeds to the Company of approximately after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses of . In June 2021, in a further issuance of the April Notes, the Company
sold an additional aggregate principal amount of such notes (the June Notes, and together with the April
Notes, the 2026 Notes ), at a price of per June Note, with interest of on the June Notes being
accrued from April 20, 2021 as of the date of issuance. The June offering resulted in net proceeds to the Company of approximately after
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses of and a premium on note issuance of . The June
Notes are treated as a single series with the April Notes under the indenture governing the April Notes, dated as of April 20, 2021,
and have the same terms as the April Notes (other than the initial offering price and issue date). T he
2026 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other existing and future
senior unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The 2026 Notes are effectively subordinated in right of payment to all of the Company s
existing and future secured indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness of the Company s
subsidiaries, including trade payables. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum. Interest on the 2026 Notes
is payable quarterly in arrears on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year, commencing on July 31, 2021. The 2026 Notes
will mature on . The issuance costs were recorded as a debt discount and are
being amortized as interest expense, net of the amortization of the premium on note issuance, over the term of the 2026 Notes using the
effective interest rate method. 

Prior
to February 1, 2026, the Company may, at its option, redeem the 2026 Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a
 , plus a make-whole amount, if any, plus accrued
and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The Company may redeem the 2026 Notes for cash in whole or in part at
any time at our option on or after February 1, 2026 and prior to maturity, at a price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued
and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. On and after any redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the
redeemed 2026 Notes. 

Interest
expense related to the 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, and included amortization of debt issuance costs and discount of , and for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

B.
Riley Loan and Security Agreement 

On
December 14, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the BR Loan with B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. The BR Loan provided for a loan facility of up to 
to the Company with a maturity date of (the Maturity Date ), at an interest rate of per annum. 

The
BR Loan is secured by an intellectual property security agreement entered into in connection with the BR Loan, and by all assets of the
Company and its material subsidiaries. The outstanding balance of the BR Loan is due in full on the Maturity Date. The BR Loan provides
for voluntary prepayment subject to a prepayment fee of if no Loan had been funded or the prepayment or repayment occurs (other than
as a result of acceleration of the BR Loan) on or prior to the date that is 90 days following the Effective Date and up to of the
amount of the Loan based on other payment dates. 

The
BR Loan also provides for mandatory and customary prepayments, along with customary representations and warranties, covenants and events
of default. The covenants set forth in the BR Loan included certain affirmative and negative operational and financial covenants, including,
among other things, restrictions on the Company s ability to incur certain liens, make fundamental changes to its business or engage
in transactions with affiliates. 

No
amounts were outstanding under the BR Loan as of December 31, 2022. In January 2023, of principal amount was funded pursuant
to the BR Loan simultaneously with the consummation of the Fab 5 Acquisition (see Note 20). 

SWK
Senior Note Paid in April 2021 

In
July 2017, the Company and several of its wholly owned subsidiaries entered into a term loan and security agreement in the principal
amount of (the
 SWK Loan Agreement or SWK Loan with SWK Funding LLC and its partners (collectively, SWK ),
as lender and collateral agent. The SWK Loan Agreement was fully funded at closing with a five-year term; however, such term could be
reduced to four years if certain revenue requirements were not achieved. The SWK Loan was secured by substantially all of the Company s
assets, including its intellectual property rights. The SWK Loan was subsequently amended in May 2019 and again in April 2020. The SWK
Loan bore an interest rate equal to the three-month London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (subject to a minimum of ),
plus an applicable margin of (the
 Margin Rate provided that, if, two days prior to a payment date, the . The
leverage ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of: (a) indebtedness as of such date to (b) EBITDA (as defined in the
SWK Loan), of the Company for the immediately preceding 12 month period, adding-back (i) actual litigation expenses for the immediately
preceding 12 month period, minus (ii) actual litigation expenses for the immediately preceding 3 month period multiplied by 4. 

A
summary of the material changes contained in the amendment entered into with SWK in April 2020 was as follows: 

SWK
 agreed to make available to the Company, and the Company drew down on, an additional principal amount of ; 

The
 definition of the first amortization date was changed to August 14, 2020, permitting the Company to pay interest only on the principal
 amount loaned for the next payment (payments are due on a quarterly basis) following the SWK Second Amendment; and 

The
 interest payment of due May 14, 2020 was paid in-kind by increasing the principal amount of the term loans by an amount
 equal to the interest accrued as of such date. 

Interest
expense related to the SWK Loan Agreement, as amended, amounted to for the year ended December 31, 2021, and included amortization
of debt issuance costs and discounts of for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
April 2021, the Company paid related to all outstanding obligations to SWK under the SWK Loan, including outstanding
principal, accrued interest, accrued exit fee and related expenses and recorded a loss from early extinguishment of related
to the SWK Loan during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Paycheck
Protection Program Loan Forgiven in March 2021 

In
April 2020, the Company entered into an unsecured promissory note and related Business Loan Agreement with Renasant Bank, as lender,
for a loan (the PPP Loan in the principal amount of and received cash proceeds of the same amount, pursuant
to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the Federal Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the
 CARES Act ), which was enacted March 27, 2020. The PPP is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA ).
On March 30, 2021, the Company received a notice of forgiveness of the full balance of the PPP Loan, including all accrued interest,
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the CARES Act. Related to the forgiveness, the Company recorded a gain on the forgiveness
of the PPP Loan for the loan balance of in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total minimum payments 

Less: amount representing interest payments 

Notes payable, gross 

Less: unamortized discount, net of premium 

Notes payable, net of unamortized discount 

and contain various clauses for renewal at the Company s option. 

An
 operating lease for square feet of office space in Carlsbad, California, which commenced in January 2022 that expires in . 

An
 operating lease for square feet of lab, warehouse and office space in Ledgewood, New Jersey that expires in , with an option to extend the term for two additional five-year periods. This lease was amended, effective July 2020, to extend
 the term of the original lease and add of additional square footage to the lease, and amended again in May 2021 to
 extend the term of the lease to July 2027 and add square feet of space. 

An
 operating lease for square feet of office space in Nashville, Tennessee that expires in , with
 an option to extend the term for two additional five-year periods. 

An
 operating lease for square feet of lab and office space in Nashville, Tennessee which commenced in June 2022 and
 expires in . 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted-average discount rate and the weighted-average remaining lease term for the operating leases
held by the Company were 
 and 
 and 
 and 
 years, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash paid for amounts included for the operating lease liabilities was and
 , respectively, and the Company recorded operating lease expense of and , respectively, included in
selling, general and administrative expenses. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: amount representing interest payments 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Less: current portion, operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

shares of preferred stock, par value, authorized and shares
of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Series
B Cumulative Preferred Stock Redeemed in June 2021 

In
May 2021, the Company sold shares of the Company s Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value per
share and liquidation preference of per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ), for net proceeds of approximately
 . The , except as required by
Delaware law, and was redeemable by the Company at any time. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock were entitled to cumulative cash dividends
at the rate of of the liquidation preference per year; provided, however, that for each thirty (30) day period
following May 5, 2021, the dividend rate increased at various rates, except as otherwise limited by applicable law. Dividends were payable
quarterly in arrears, on or about the 15th of January, April, July and October, beginning on or about July 15, 2021. 

In
June 2021, the Company redeemed all of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock. The redemption price for the shares
of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding was equal to per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends, which in aggregate totaled
 . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded preferred stock cash dividends and deemed dividends equal
to . 

Common
Stock 

At
each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had shares of common stock, par value, authorized. 

Issuances
During the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022: 

the
 Company issued shares of common stock to Mark L. Baum, the Company s
 Chief Executive Officer, upon the cashless exercise of options to purchase shares
 at an exercise price of per share. The Company withheld from Mr. Baum shares
 as consideration for the cashless exercise and an additional shares for
 payroll tax obligations totaling ; 

the
 Company issued shares of its common stock upon the cashless exercise of
 warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per
 share; 

the
 Company issued shares of common stock to a consultant upon the cashless exercise
 of options to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share.
 The Company withheld shares as consideration for the cashless exercise ; 

the
 Company issued shares of common stock to a consultant and received net proceeds
 of upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of common stock
 at an exercise price of per share ; 

the
 Company issued shares of common stock and received net proceeds of upon
 the exercise of options to purchase shares of common stock with exercise
 prices between to per share ; 

RSUs granted at various dates to employees of the Company vested, and the Company issued
 shares of common stock to the employees, net of shares of common stock withheld
 for payroll tax withholdings totaling ; and 

shares
 of the Company s common stock underlying RSUs issued to directors vested, but the issuance
 and delivery of these shares are deferred until the applicable director resigns . 

Issuances
During the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021: 

the
 Company issued shares of its common stock upon the cashless exercise of
 warrants to purchase shares of common stock with exercise prices between
 and per share; 

the
 Company issued shares of its common stock and received net proceeds of 
 upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of common stock with exercise
 prices between and per share; 

the
 Company issued shares of its common stock to Mark L. Baum, its Chief Executive
 Officer, upon the vesting of performance-based restricted stock units.
 The Company withheld shares of common stock to Mr. Baum valued at for
 payroll tax purposes; 

the
 Company issued shares of common stock to Andrew R. Boll, its Chief Financial
 Officer, upon the vesting of performance-based restricted stock units.
 The Company withheld shares of common stock to Mr. Boll valued at for
 payroll tax purposes; and 

shares
 of the Company s common stock underlying RSUs issued to directors vested, but the issuance
 and delivery of these shares are deferred until the applicable director resigns. 

Stock
Option Plan 

On
September 17, 2007, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders adopted the Company s 2007 Incentive Stock and Awards
Plan, which was subsequently amended on November 5, 2008, February 26, 2012, July 18, 2012, May 2, 2013 and September 27, 2013 (as amended,
the 2007 Plan ). The 2007 Plan reached its term in September 2017, and we can no longer issue additional awards under this
plan, however, options previously issued under the 2007 Plan will remain outstanding until they are exercised, reach their maturity or
are otherwise cancelled/forfeited. On June 13, 2017, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders adopted the Company s
2017 Incentive Stock and Awards Plan which was subsequently amended on June 3, 2021 (as amended, the 2017 Plan together
with the 2007 Plan, the Plans ). As of December 31, 2021, the 2017 Plan provides for the issuance of a maximum of shares
of the Company s common stock. The purpose of the Plans are to attract and retain directors, officers, consultants, advisors and
employees whose services are considered valuable, to encourage a sense of proprietorship and to stimulate an active interest of such
persons in the Company s development and financial success. Under the Plans, the Company is authorized to issue incentive stock
options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, non-qualified stock options, restricted
stock units and restricted stock. The Plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors.
The Company had shares available for future issuances under the 2017 Plan at December 31, 2022. 

Stock
Options 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options cancelled/forfeited 

Options outstanding December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable 

Options vested and expected to vest 

The
aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax amount of the proceeds, net of exercise price, which would
have been received by option holders if all option holders had exercised and immediately sold all options with an exercise price lower
than the market price on December 31, 2022, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock of on that date. 

The
intrinsic value of the options exercised in 2022 was . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted stock options to certain employees and a consultant. The stock options were granted
with an exercise price equal to the current market price of the Company s common stock, as reported by the securities exchange
on which the common stock was then listed, at the grant date and have contractual terms of years. ; and
100 of the shares subject to the option vest on a quarterly basis in equal installments over three years. Certain option awards provide
for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the Plans) and in the event of certain modifications to the option
award agreement. 

On
July 31, 2015, the Company granted to its Chief Executive Officer, Mark Baum, an option (the Baum Performance Option to
purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share under the 2007 Plan
subject to the satisfaction of certain market-based vesting criteria. The market-based vesting criteria are separated into five tranches
and require that the Company achieve and maintain certain average stock price targets ranging from per share to per
share during the five year period following the grant date. On June 4, 2020, the Company amended the Baum Performance Option, to extend
the vesting and contractual term by years. The Company treated this amendment as a modification to the Baum Performance Option
for accounting purposes. The fair value of the modification was using a Monte Carlo simulation model with a five-year 
life, volatility and a risk-free interest rate of . 

With
the exception of the Baum Performance Option, the fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model. Beginning on April 1, 2019, the Company began calculating expected volatility based solely on the historical volatilities
of the common stock of the Company. Prior to April 1, 2019, the expected volatility was based on the historical volatilities of the common
stock of the Company and comparable publicly traded companies. The Company previously utilized this methodology based on its estimate
that it had limited relevant historical data regarding the volatility of its stock price on which to base a meaningful estimate of expected
volatility. The expected term of options granted was determined in accordance with the simplified approach, as the Company
has limited, relevant, historical data on employee exercises and post-vesting employment termination behavior. The expected risk-free
interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time
of the grant. The financial statement effect of forfeitures is estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, if the actual
effect differs from those estimates. For option grants to employees and directors, the Company assigns a forfeiture factor of . These
factors could change in the future, which would affect the determination of stock-based compensation expense in future periods. Utilizing
these assumptions, the fair value is determined at the date of grant. 

Expected terms (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options
granted under the Plan. That expense is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of years.
The stock-based compensation for all stock options was and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Restricted
Stock Units/Performance Stock Units 

RSU
awards are granted subject to certain vesting requirements and other restrictions, including performance and market-based vesting criteria.
The grant date fair value of the RSUs, which has been determined based upon the market value of the Company s common stock on the
grant date, is expensed over the vesting period of the RSUs. 

Grants
During the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s board of directors were granted RSUs with a fair market value
of , which vest in equal quarterly installments over one year. 

RSUs granted 

RSUs vested 

RSUs cancelled/forfeit 
 - 

RSUs unvested at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs was approximately which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years, based on estimated vesting schedules. The stock-based compensation for
RSUs was and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Grants
During the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, RSUs with a fair market value of were issued to certain employees;
the RSUs vest in full on the third anniversary of the grant date. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s board of directors were granted RSUs with a fair market value
of , which vest in equal quarterly installments over one year. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted performance stock units PSUs to members of
its senior management including Mark Baum, Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Boll, Chief Financial Officer, and John Saharek, President
of ImprimisRx , which are subject to the satisfaction of certain market-based and continued service conditions (the 2021 PSUs ).
The 2021 PSUs are separated into four tranches and require that the Company achieve and maintain certain levels of total stockholder
returns TSR ranging from 50 to 175 per share during the five-year period following the grant date. TSR is based on
the aggregate of: (i) the percent increase of the closing price of the Company s common stock from July 22, 2021; and (ii) any
dividends or like stockholder distributions as specified in the table below. With certain limited exceptions, in addition to reaching
the TSR targets, the employee must be employed with the Company on the second anniversary of the grant date in order for the 2021 PSUs
to vest. 

50 or greater 

Tranche 2 
 
 100 or greater 

Tranche 3 
 
 150 or greater 

Tranche 4 
 
 175 or greater 

The
fair value of the 2021 PSUs was using a Monte Carlo Simulation with a five-year life, volatility
and a risk free interest rate of . The fair value amount is being amortized over a two-year derived service period. 

A
summary of the Company s RSU activity and related information for the year ended December 31, 2021 is as follows: 

RSUs granted 

RSUs vested 

RSUs cancelled/forfeit 
 - 

RSUs unvested at December 31, 2021 

Subsidiary
Stock-Based Transactions 

The
Company recognized and in stock-based compensation expense related to subsidiary stock options during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Employees R D 

Directors selling, general and administrative 

Consultants selling, general and administrative 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Stock-based compensation 

Warrants 

From
time to time, the Company has issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock to investors, lenders, underwriters
and other non-employees for services rendered or to be rendered in the future. 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants outstanding - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total deferred 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax provision 

State tax benefit, net 

Employee stock-based compensation 

Excess Employee Remuneration 

Other 

W/O of IRC Sec 382 Limited NOLs 
 - 

W/O of IRC Sec 383 Limited Credits 
 - 

Reduction of VA for IRC Sec 382 and 383 W/O 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other 

Research and development credits 

Deferred stock compensation 

Basis Difference in Eton 

Sintetica License Agreement 

Sparcs License Agreement 

Novartis License Agreement 

Basis difference in Melt Loan Value 

Park stock purchase identifiable intangibles 
 - 

Limitation Under 163(j) 
 
 - 
 
 Section 174 Capital Expenses 
 
 - 
 
 ASC 842 Lease Liability 

ASC 842 ROU Asset 

Total deferred tax assets, net 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Accordingly, the net
deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. The valuation allowance decreased by approximately and
increased by approximately during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and ,
respectively, which will begin to expire in , unless previously utilized, and will begin to expire for state purposes in 2026. . 

As
of December 31, 2022 the Company had federal and state research and development credit carryforwards of approximately and ,
respectively, which will begin to expire in , unless previously utilized. For state purposes, the state research and development
credit carryforwards can be carried over indefinitely. 

Utilization
of the net operating losses and research and development carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to ownership
change limitations that might have occurred or that could occur in the future, as required by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the Code ), as well as similar state and foreign provisions. These ownership changes may limit the
amount of NOL and R D credit carryforward that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax. Respectively. In
general, an ownership change as defined by Section 382 of the Code results from a transaction or series of transactions
over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points of the outstanding stock of a company by
certain stockholders or public groups. Since the Company s formation, the Company has raised capital through the issuance of capital
stock on several occasions which, combined with the purchasing stockholders subsequent disposition of those shares, may have resulted
in such an ownership change, or could result in an ownership change in the future upon subsequent disposition. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and state net
operating loss carryforwards of approximately ,000 restricted under IRC Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code related to a 2011
change in ownership. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code limits the utilization of net operating losses when ownership changes,
as defined by that section, occur. Due to the Section 382 limitation, and the length of time available to fully utilize the net operating
loss carryforwards, the Company removed these NOLs from deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance.
Similarly, under IRC Section 383 which limits the utilization of credits when ownership changes occur, the Company removed approximately
 of federal credit and of state credits from deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction of valuation allowance. 

The
Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
These unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would not affect the effective tax rate. There was interest or penalties accrued at
the adoption date and at December 31, 2022. 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA) included changes to the treatment of research and development expenses under IRC Section 174.
Formerly, a company could deduct research and development expenses under IRC Section 174 as incurred. Effective for tax years
beginning after December 31, 2021, research and development expenses under IRC Section 174 are required to be capitalized, with an
amortization period of for costs incurred un the US and 
years for costs incurred in a non-US jurisdiction. The Company has incurred approximately 
of US research and development costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

of their salary, subject to annual
limits. The Company makes certain matching contributions to the plan in amounts up to of the participants annual cash compensation,
subject to annual limits. The Company contributed approximately and to the plan during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Novel
Drug Solutions et al. 

In
April 2018, Novel Drug Solutions, LLC and Eyecare Northwest, PA (collectively NDS filed a lawsuit against the Company
in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware asserting various claims, including breach of contract. The claims stem from
an asset purchase agreement between the Company and NDS entered into in 2013. In July 2019, NDS filed a second amended complaint which
added claims related to its purported termination of the asset purchase agreement. In October 2019, NDS voluntarily dismissed all but
two claims, leaving only claims related to the scope and performance of the post-termination obligations to be litigated. in
selling, general and administrative expenses related to the Settlement Agreement. Except for the one-time payment of the Company
does not expect the Settlement Agreement will have any future material impact on the Company s consolidated cash flows, financial
position, and results of operations. 

Product
and Professional Liability 

Product
and professional liability litigation represents an inherent risk to all firms in the pharmaceutical and pharmacy industry. We utilize
traditional third-party insurance policies with regard to our product and professional liability claims. Such insurance coverage at any
given time reflects current market conditions, including cost and availability, when the policy is written. 

John
Erick et al. 

In
January 2018, John Erick and Deborah Ferrell, successors-in-interest and heirs of Jade Erick, (collectively Erick filed
a lawsuit in the San Diego County Superior Court against Kim Kelly, ND, MPH asserting claims related to the death of Jade Erick. In April
2018, Erick filed an amendment to the lawsuit, naming the Company as a co-defendant. In September 2018, co-defendant Dr. Kelly filed
a cross-complaint against the Company and various entities affiliated with Spectrum Laboratory Products, Inc., Spectrum Chemical Manufacturing
Corp. and Spectrum Pharmacy Products, Inc. (collectively Spectrum ). The cross-complaint sought indemnity and contribution
from the Company and Spectrum. In November 2021, the lawsuit involving the Company was resolved. There was no impact to the Company s
consolidated financial position and results of operations as a result of the resolution of this matter. 

Indemnities 

In
addition to the indemnification provisions contained in the Company s charter documents, the Company generally enters into separate
indemnification agreements with each of the Company s directors and officers. These agreements require the Company, among other
things, to indemnify the director or officer against specified expenses and liabilities, such as attorneys fees, judgments, fines
and settlements, paid by the individual in connection with any action, suit or proceeding arising out of the individual s status
or service as the Company s director or officer, other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct or conduct that is knowingly
fraudulent or deliberately dishonest, and to advance expenses incurred by the individual in connection with any proceeding against the
individual with respect to which the individual may be entitled to indemnification by the Company. The Company also indemnifies its lessors
in connection with its facility leases for certain claims arising from the use of the facilities. These indemnities do not provide for
any limitation of the maximum potential future payments the Company could be obligated to make. Historically, the Company has not incurred
any payments for these obligations and, therefore, no liabilities have been recorded for these indemnities in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. 

Sales
and Marketing Agreements 

The
Company has entered various sales and marketing agreements with certain organizations, to provide sales and marketing representation
services to ImprimisRx in select geographies in the U.S., in connection with the Company s ophthalmic compounded formulations. 

to of
net sales for products above and beyond the initial existing sales amounts . In addition, the Company is required to make periodic milestone
payments to certain organizations in shares of the Company s restricted common stock if net sales in the assigned territory reach
certain future levels by the end of their terms, as applicable. The Company incurred and under these agreements
for commission expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in selling, general and administrative
expenses. 

Other
Asset Purchase, License and Related Agreements 

The
Company has acquired and sourced intellectual property rights related to certain proprietary innovations from certain inventors and related
parties (the Inventors through multiple asset purchase agreements, license agreements, strategic agreements and commission
agreements. In general, these agreements provide that the Inventors will cooperate with the Company in obtaining patent protection for
the acquired intellectual property and that the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to research, develop and commercialize
a product based on the acquired intellectual property. In addition, the Company has acquired a right of first refusal on additional intellectual
property and drug development opportunities presented by these Inventors. 

In
consideration for the acquisition of the intellectual property rights, the Company is obligated to make payments to the Inventors based
on the completion of certain milestones, generally consisting of: (1) a payment payable within 30 days after the issuance of the first
patent in the United States arising from the acquired intellectual property (if any); (2) a payment payable within 30 days after the
Company files the first investigational new drug application IND with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for the first product arising from the acquired intellectual property (if any); (3) for certain of the Inventors, a payment payable within
30 days after the Company files the first new drug application with the FDA for the first product arising from the acquired intellectual
property (if any); and (4) certain royalty payments based on the net receipts received by the Company in connection with the sale or
licensing of any product based on the acquired intellectual property (if any), after deducting (among other things) the Company s
development costs associated with such product. If, following five years after the date of the applicable asset purchase agreement, the
Company either (a) for certain of the Inventors, has not filed an IND or, for the remaining Inventors, has not initiated a study where
data is derived, or (b) has failed to generate royalty payments to the Inventors for any product based on the acquired intellectual property,
the Inventors may terminate the applicable asset purchase agreement and request that the Company re-assign the acquired technology to
the Inventors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and were accrued in accounts payable and accrued expenses
related to these agreements. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and , respectively, were incurred
under these agreements as royalty expenses. 

Klarity
License Agreement Related Party 

In
April 2017, the Company entered into a license agreement (the Klarity License Agreement with Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D.,
a member of its Board of Directors. Pursuant to the terms of the Klarity License Agreement, the Company licensed certain intellectual
property and related rights from Dr. Lindstrom to develop, formulate, make, sell, and sub-license the topical ophthalmic solution Klarity
designed to protect and rehabilitate the ocular surface (the Klarity Product ). 

. In addition, the Company is required to make certain milestone
payments to Dr. Lindstrom including: (i) an initial payment of upon execution of the Klarity License Agreement, (ii) a second
payment of following the first in net sales of the Klarity Product; and (iii) a final payment of following the
first in net sales of the Klarity Product. All of the above referenced milestone payments were payable at the Company s
election in cash or shares of the Company s restricted common stock. Dr. Lindstrom was paid and in cash during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was due an additional and at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The Company incurred and for royalty expenses related to the Klarity License Agreement during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Injectable
Asset Purchase Agreement Related Party 

In
December 2019, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Lindstrom APA with Dr. Lindstrom, a member of
its Board of Directors. Pursuant to the terms of the Lindstrom APA, the Company acquired certain intellectual property and related rights
from Dr. Lindstrom to develop, formulate, make, sell, and sub-license an ophthalmic injectable product (the Lindstrom Product ). 

. In addition, the Company is required to make
certain milestone payments to Dr. Lindstrom including an initial payment of upon execution of the Lindstrom APA. Dr. Lindstrom
was paid and in cash during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was due and at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company incurred and for royalty expenses related to the Lindstrom Agreement
during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Presbyopia
Asset Purchase Agreement Related Party 

In
December 2019, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Presbyopia APA with Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D.,
a member of its Board of Directors. Pursuant to the terms of the Presbyopia APA, the Company acquired certain intellectual property and
related rights from Dr. Lindstrom to develop, formulate, make, sell, and sub-license an ophthalmic topical product to treat presbyopia
(the Presbyopia Product ). 

Dr. Lindstrom was paid in cash during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and was due at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company incurred for royalty expenses related
to the Presbyopia APA during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Eyepoint
Commercial Alliance Agreement - Terminated 

In
August 2020, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary ImprimisRx, LLC, entered into a Commercial Alliance Agreement (the Dexycu
Agreement with Eyepoint Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Eyepoint ), pursuant to which Eyepoint granted the Company the non-exclusive
right to co-promote DEXYCU (dexamethasone intraocular suspension) 9 for the treatment of post-operative inflammation
following ocular surgery in the United States. Pursuant
to the Dexycu Agreement , Eyepoint pays the Company a fee calculated based on the quarterly
sales of DEXYCU in excess of predefined volumes to specific customers of the Company in the U.S. Under the terms of the Dexycu
Agreement , the Company agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to promote and market DEXYCU in the U.S. 

Pursuant
to a mutual termination agreement entered into on October 7, 2022 the Dexycu Agreement 
terminated on January 1, 2023. Following the preliminary Hospital Outpatient Prospective Payment
System (HOPPS) rule proposed by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) in July of 2022, which did not contain an extension
of the pass-through payment period for Dexycu beyond December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a Mutual Termination Agreement (the
 Termination Agreement with Eyepoint on October 7, 2022, pursuant to which Eyepoint and the Company agreed (a) that the
Company will continue to support the sale of Dexycu through the fourth quarter of 2022, consistent with the Company s level of
effort during the January through June 2022 period, (b) to decrease the required minimum quarterly sales levels based on Dexycu unit
demand for the fourth quarter of 2022, and (c) to terminate the Dexycu Agreement, along with ancillary letter agreements, effective January
1, 2023. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively, in commission revenues
related to the Dexycu Agreement. 

Mayfield
Pharmaceuticals MAY-66 License Termination 

In
May 2021, Mayfield terminated the License Agreement (the TGV License with TGV-Health, LLC and affiliated entities (collectively,
 TGV ), pursuant to which it acquired intellectual property rights for use in the women s health field, related to
Mayfield s proprietary drug candidate MAY-66. Concurrent with the termination, TGV returned to Mayfield shares
of Mayfield s common stock, constituting all of the equity held by TGV. Mayfield has no outstanding or remaining obligations under
the TGV License. 

Mayfield
Pharmaceuticals MAY-44 APA Termination 

In
May 2021, Mayfield and Harrow terminated their asset purchase agreement dated January 2020 (the MAY-44 APA for intellectual
property rights associated with Mayfield s drug candidate MAY-44 with Elle Pharmaceutical LLC Elle ). As part of
the termination, Mayfield re-acquired shares of its common stock from Elle. Mayfield has no outstanding or remaining
obligations related to the MAY-44 APA. 

Stowe
License Termination 

In
May 2021, Stowe terminated the License Agreement (the Stowe License with TGV, pursuant to which it acquired intellectual
property rights for use in the ophthalmic field, related to Stowe s proprietary drug candidate STE-006. Concurrent with the termination,
TGV returned to Stowe shares of Stowe s common stock, constituting all of the equity held by TGV. Stowe has
no outstanding or remaining obligations under the Stowe License. 

operating segments was based
on segment contribution. Our reportable segments consisted of (i) our commercial stage pharmaceutical business (Pharmaceutical Compounding),
generally including the operations of our ImprimisRx business; and (ii) our start-up operations associated with our pharmaceutical drug
development business (Pharmaceutical Drug Development). Segment contribution for our segments represented net revenues less cost of sales,
R D expenses, selling and marketing expenses, and select general and administrative expenses. Management did not evaluate the following
items at the segment level: 

Operating
 expenses within selling, general and administrative expenses that result from the impact
 of corporate initiatives. Corporate initiatives primarily include integration, restructuring,
 acquisition and other shared costs; 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses that result from shared infrastructure, including certain
 expenses associated with legal matters, our board of directors and principal executive officers,
 investor relations and other like shared expenses; 

Other
 select revenues and operating expenses including R D expenses, amortization, and asset
 sales and impairments, net as not all such information has been accounted for at the segment
 level, or such information has not been used by both segments; and 

Total
 assets including capital expenditures. 

Management
defined segment net revenues as pharmaceutical compounded drug sales, revenues from licenses and other revenues derived from related
agreements. 

Cost
of sales within segment contribution includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture formulations and sell products, including active
pharmaceutical ingredients, personnel costs, packaging, storage, royalties, shipping and handling costs, manufacturing equipment and
tenant improvements depreciation, the write-off of obsolete inventory and other related expenses. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses consisted mainly of personnel-related costs, marketing and promotion costs, distribution costs, professional
service costs, insurance, depreciation, facilities costs, transaction costs, and professional services costs, which are general in nature
and attributable to the segment. 

- 

Cost of sales 
 
 - 

Gross profit 
 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 
 
 - 

Research and development 

Segment contribution 

Corporate 

Research and development 

Amortization 

Asset sales and impairments, net 

Operating income 

Beginning
in 2022, due to shifts in the Company s strategic plans and its organizational structure, management no longer evaluates the Company s
business in two segments and instead focuses on the performance of the business as a single operating business. 

Concentrations 

The
Company has two products that each comprised more than 10 of total revenues during the quarter. These products collectively
accounted for and of revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company sells its compounded formulations to a large number of customers. There were no customers who comprised more than 10 of the
Company s total pharmacy sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively . 

The Company receives its active pharmaceutical ingredients from three main suppliers. These suppliers collectively accounted for 
of active pharmaceutical ingredient purchases during the year ended December 31, 2022, and during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

RSUs granted in January 2020 to Andrew R. Boll, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, vested, and shares
the Company s common stock were issued to Mr. Boll, net of shares of common stock withheld for payroll tax withholdings
totaling . 

In
January 2023, RSUs granted in January 2020 to Mark L. Baum, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, vested, and shares
the Company s common stock were issued to Mr. Baum, net of shares of common stock withheld for payroll tax withholdings
totaling . 

Closing
of BR Loan and Fab 5 Acquisition - ILEVRO, NEVANAC, VIGAMOX, MAXIDEX, and TRIESENCE 

In
January 2023, the Company closed the Fab 5 Acquisition. At the time of closing the Company made a one-time payment of ,
with up to another due in a milestone payment related to the timing of the commercial availability of TRIESENCE.
At closing the Company entered into a transition period, where Novartis will continue to sell the Fab 5 Products on the
Company s behalf and transfer the net profit from the sale of the Fab 5 Products to the Company until the time the
Fab 5 Products at transferred to the Company. 

The
Company funded the initial purchase price payable at closing of the Fab 5 Acquisition with (i) proceeds of a 
principal amount borrowing pursuant to the BR Loan (see Note 13), which was drawn at closing of the Fab 5 Acquisition, along with cash on hand
(including cash provided by certain financing activities during 2022). 

Overallotment
Exercise of 2027 Notes 

In
January 2023, the Company issued an additional 
aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes (see Note 13) upon the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase
the additional notes. As of the closing of the issuance of the additional 2027 Notes, a total of 
aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes have been issued. 

The
Company has performed an evaluation of events occurring subsequent to December 31, 2022 through the filing date of this Annual Report
and determined that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in the consolidated financial statements or disclosures
in the notes thereto, other than as disclosed in the accompanying notes. 

F- 37 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

Harrow
Health, Inc. has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: (i) our common
stock, par value 0.001 per share, and (ii) our 8.625 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes and 11.875 Senior Notes
due 2027 (the 2027 Notes (collectively, the Senior Notes or Notes ). 

In
this exhibit, when we refer to Company , Harrow , we , us and our 
or when we otherwise refer to ourselves, we mean Harrow Health, Inc., excluding, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context requires,
our subsidiaries. 

Description
of Capital Stock 

The
following is a summary of the rights of our common and preferred stock and of certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. For more detailed information, please see our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and Amended and Restated Bylaws, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description
is an exhibit. 

Authorized
Capital Stock 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 55,000,000 shares, 50,000,000 of which are designated as common stock, par value 0.001 per share,
and 5,000,000 of which are designated as preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. As of March 22, 2023, there were 29,901,530 shares
of our common stock and no shares of our preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Capital
Stock Issued and Outstanding 

As
of March 15, 2023, there were approximately 76 stockholders of record (excluding an indeterminable number of stockholders whose shares
are held in street or nominee name) of our common stock. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, there are outstanding (i)
options to acquire 3,027,701 shares of our common stock with a weighted average exercise price of 5.90 per share, (ii) 2,061,719 unvested
restricted and performance-based stock units and (iv) 319,859 restricted stock units award to directors that had vested, but issuance
and delivery of the shares are deferred until the director resigns or otherwise leaves the Board of Directors. 

Description
of Common Stock 

We
are authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. The holders of our common stock are entitled to
one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Subject to any preferential rights
of any outstanding series of preferred stock created by our Board of Directors from time to time the holders of our common stock will
be entitled to cash dividends as may be declared, if any, by our Board of Directors from funds available. Subject to any preferential
rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock that we may issue, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, the
holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata all assets available for distribution to the holders. 

1 

Description
of Preferred Stock 

Our
Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
par value 0.001 per share, in one or more series. Our Board of Directors may designate the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking
fund terms, and number of shares constituting any series and the designation of any series. The issuance of preferred stock could have
the effect of restricting dividends on our common stock, diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights
of our common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control. The ability to issue preferred stock could delay or impede a change
in control. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, an anti-takeover law. In general, Section
203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested
stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which such stockholder became an interested
stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. For purposes of Section 203, a business combination 
includes a merger, asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder, and an interested
stockholder is a stockholder who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior, did own,
15 or more of the voting stock. 

Liability
and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Section
145 of the DGCL provides, in general, that a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, such as us, may indemnify
any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding
(other than a derivative action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent
of another enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner
such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action
or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. In the case of a derivative action, a Delaware
corporation may indemnify any such person against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such
person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification will be made in
respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person will have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only
to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or any other court in which such action was brought determines such
person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses. 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors, officers,
employees and agents to the extent and in the manner permitted by the provisions of the DGCL, as amended from time to time, subject to
any permissible expansion or limitation of such indemnification, as may be set forth in any stockholders or directors resolution
or by contract. 

We
also have director and officer indemnification agreements with each of our executive officers and directors that provide, among other
things, for the indemnification to the fullest extent permitted or required by Delaware law, provided that such indemnitee shall not
be entitled to indemnification in connection with any proceedings or claims initiated or brought voluntarily by the indemnitee and not
by way of defense, unless (i) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding was authorized by our
Board of Directors, (iii) indemnification is provided by us, in our sole discretion, pursuant to powers vested in us under the DGCL,
or (iv) the proceeding is brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement or any other
statute or law or otherwise as required under Section 145 of the DGCL. We are not required to indemnify the indemnitee for any amounts
paid in settlement of a proceeding unless we consent to such settlement. 

2 

Any
repeal or modification of these provisions approved by our stockholders shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any
limitation on the liability of a director or officer existing as of the time of such repeal or modification. 

We
have purchased and intend to maintain insurance on our behalf and on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer against
any loss arising from any claim asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in that capacity, subject to certain exclusions
and limits of the amount of coverage. 

Listing;
Transfer Agent 

Our
common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol HROW . The transfer agent and registrar for our common
stock is Securities Transfer Corporation, 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093. 

Description
of the Senior Notes 

The
Company issued the Notes under an Indenture dated as of April 20, 2021, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as
of April 20, 2021 and the Second Supplement Indenture, dated as of December 20, 2022 (the Indenture ), between the Company
and U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee ). The terms of the Notes include those expressly set forth in the Indenture
and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act ).
Certain defined terms used in this description but not defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

General 

The
2026 Notes: 

are
 general unsecured, senior obligations of the Company; 
 
 are
 limited to an aggregate principal amount of 75.0 million, subject to the Company s
 ability to issue additional Notes; 
 
 mature
 on April 30, 2026 unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and 100 of the aggregate principal
 amount will be paid at maturity; 
 
 bear
 cash interest from April 30, 2021 at an annual rate of 8.625 , payable quarterly in arrears
 on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year, beginning on July 31, 2021,
 and at maturity; 
 
 are
 redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, prior to February 1, 2026,
 at the prices and on the terms described under Optional Redemption 
 below; 
 
 were
 issued in denominations of 25 and integral multiples of 25 in excess thereof; 
 
 do
 not have a sinking fund; 
 
 are
 listed on NASDAQ under the symbol HROWL and 
 
 are
 represented by one or more registered notes in global form, but in certain limited circumstances
 may be represented by notes in definitive form. 

The
2027 Notes: 

are
 general unsecured, senior obligations; 
 
 are
 limited to an aggregate principal amount of 40.25 million, subject to the Company s
 ability to issue additional 2027 Notes; 
 
 mature
 on December 31, 2027 unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and 100 of the aggregate principal
 amount will be paid at maturity; 
 
 bear
 cash interest from December 20, 2022 at an annual rate of 11.875 , payable quarterly in arrears
 on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year, beginning on January 31, 2023,
 and at maturity; 
 
 are
 redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, at the prices and on the terms described under
 Optional Redemption below; 
 
 are
 subject to mandatory redemption, in whole, if we do not complete the Acquisition within 180
 calendar days after the original issue date of the Notes, at a price of 25.50, or in certain
 circumstances, if there is a Material Change, in each case as described under 
 Mandatory Redemption below 
 
 issued
 in denominations of 25 and integral multiples of 25 in excess thereof; 
 
 do
 not have a sinking fund; 
 
 are
 listed on Nasdaq under the symbol HROWM and 
 
 Are
 represented by one or more registered notes in global form, but in certain limited circumstances
 may be represented by notes in definitive form. 

3 

The
Indenture does not limit the amount of indebtedness that we or our subsidiaries may issue. The Indenture does not contain any financial
covenants and does not restrict us from paying dividends or issuing or repurchasing our other securities. Other than restrictions described
under Covenants Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets below, the Indenture does not contain any covenants
or other provisions designed to afford holders of the Notes protection in the event of a highly leveraged transaction involving us or
in the event of a decline in our credit rating as the result of a takeover, recapitalization, highly leveraged transaction or similar
restructuring involving us that could adversely affect such holders. 

We
may from time to time, without the consent of the existing holders, issue additional Notes having the same terms as to status, redemption
or otherwise (except the price to public, the issue date and, if applicable, the initial interest accrual date and the initial interest
payment date) that may constitute a single fungible series with the Notes offered by this prospectus supplement; provided that if any
such additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes initially offered hereby for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such additional
Notes will have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. 

Ranking 

The
Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company, and, upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, will rank (i) senior to
the outstanding shares of our common stock, (ii) senior to any of our future subordinated debt, (iii) pari passu (or equally)
with our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, (iv) effectively subordinated to any existing or future secured
indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security), to the extent of the value
of the assets securing such indebtedness and (v) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries,
financing vehicles or similar facilities. 

Interest 

2026
Notes 

Interest
on the 2026 Notes accrues at an annual rate equal to 8.625 from and including April 30, 2021 to, but excluding, the maturity date or
earlier acceleration or redemption and is payable quarterly in arrears on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year,
beginning on July 31, 2021 and at maturity, to the record holders at the close of business on the immediately preceding January 15, April
15, July 15 and October 15, as applicable (whether or not a business day). 

The
initial interest period for the 2026 Notes is the period from and including April 30, 2021, to, but excluding, July 31, 2021, and subsequent
interest periods are the periods from and including an interest payment date to, but excluding, the next interest payment date or the
stated maturity date, as the case may be. The amount of interest payable for any interest period, including interest payable for any
partial interest period, is computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. If an interest payment date falls
on a non-business day, the applicable interest payment is made on the next business day and no additional interest will accrue as a result
of such delayed payment. 

2027
Notes 

Interest
on the 2027 Notes accrue at an annual rate equal to 11.875 from and including December 20, 2022 to, but excluding, the maturity date
or earlier acceleration or redemption and are payable quarterly in arrears on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year,
beginning on January 31, 2023 and at maturity, to the record holders at the close of business on the immediately preceding January 15,
April 15, July 15 and October 15, as applicable (whether or not a business day). 

4 

The
initial interest period for the 2027 Notes is the period from and including December 20, 2022, to, but excluding, January 31, 2023, and
subsequent interest periods are the periods from and including an interest payment date to, but excluding, the next interest payment
date or the stated maturity date, as the case may be. The amount of interest payable for any interest period, including interest payable
for any partial interest period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. If an interest payment
date falls on a non-business day, the applicable interest payment will be made on the next business day and no additional interest will
accrue as a result of such delayed payment. 

Business
day means, for any place where the principal and interest on the Notes is payable, each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday which is not a day in which banking institutions in such place of payment are authorized or obligated by law or executive order
to close. 

Optional
Redemption 

2026
Notes 

Prior
to February 1, 2026 (the 2026 Notes Par Call Date ), we may, at our option, redeem the 2026 Notes, in whole at any time
or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100 of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes being redeemed
plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption and (ii) the Make-Whole Amount, if any. 

The
2026 Notes may be redeemed for cash in whole or in part at any time at our option on or after February 1, 2026 and prior to maturity,
at a price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. In each
case, redemption shall be upon notice not fewer than 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 

If
less than all of the 2026 Notes are to be redeemed, the particular 2026 Notes to be redeemed will be selected not more than 45 days prior
to the redemption date by the Trustee from the outstanding 2026 Notes not previously called for redemption, by lot, or in the Trustee s
discretion, on a pro-rata basis, provided that the unredeemed portion of the principal amount of any 2026 Notes will be in an authorized
denomination (which will not be less than the minimum authorized denomination) for such 2026 Notes. The Trustee will promptly notify
us in writing of the 2026 Notes selected for redemption and, in the case of any 2026 Notes selected for partial redemption, the principal
amount thereof to be redeemed. Beneficial interests in any of the 2026 Notes or portions thereof called for redemption that are registered
in the name of DTC or its nominee will be selected by DTC in accordance with DTC s applicable procedures. 

2027
Notes 

Prior
to December 31, 2024 (the 2027 Notes Make-Whole Call Date ), we may, at our option, redeem the 2027 Notes, in whole at any
time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100 of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes being
redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption and (ii) the Make-Whole Amount, if any. 

We
may redeem the 2027 Notes for cash in whole or in part at any time at our option (i) on or after December 31, 2024 and prior to December
31, 2025, at a price equal to 25.50 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, (ii) on or
after December 31, 2025 and prior to December 31, 2026, at a price equal to 25.25 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but
excluding, the date of redemption, and (iii) on or after December 31, 2026 and prior to maturity, at a price equal to 100 of their principal
amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. In each case, redemption shall be upon notice not
fewer than 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 

If
less than all of the 2027 Notes are to be redeemed, the particular 2027 Notes to be redeemed will be selected not more than 45 days prior
to the redemption date by the trustee from the outstanding 2027 Notes not previously called for redemption, by lot, or in the trustee s
discretion, on a pro-rata basis, provided that the unredeemed portion of the principal amount of any 2027 Notes will be in an authorized
denomination (which will not be less than the minimum authorized denomination) for such 2027 Notes. The trustee will promptly notify
us in writing of the 2027 Notes selected for redemption and, in the case of any 2027 Notes selected for partial redemption, the principal
amount thereof to be redeemed. Beneficial interests in any of the 2027 Notes or portions thereof called for redemption that are registered
in the name of DTC or its nominee will be selected by DTC in accordance with DTC s applicable procedures. 

5 

The
Trustee shall have no obligation to calculate any redemption price, including any Make-Whole Amount, or any component thereof, and the
Trustee shall be entitled to receive and conclusively rely upon an officer s certificate delivered by the Company that specifies
any redemption price. 

Unless
we default on the payment of the redemption price, on and after the date of redemption, interest will cease to accrue on the 2027 Notes
called for redemption. 

We
may at any time, and from time to time, purchase notes at any price or prices in the open market or otherwise. 

Make-Whole
Amount means, in connection with any optional redemption of any Note, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of the present values,
as of the date of such redemption, of the remaining scheduled payments of principal of, and interest (exclusive of interest accrued to,
but excluding, the date of redemption) on, such Note, assuming such Note matured on, and that accrued and unpaid interest on such Note
was payable through, the Notes Par Call Date, determined by discounting, on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of
twelve 30-day months), such principal and interest at the Reinvestment Rate (as defined below) (determined on the third business day
preceding the date of redemption) over (ii) the aggregate principal amount of such Notes being redeemed. 

Reinvestment
Rate means, 0.500 , or 50 basis points, plus the arithmetic mean (rounded to the nearest one-hundredth of one percent) of the
yields displayed for each day in the preceding calendar week published in the most recent Statistical Release under the caption Treasury
constant maturities for the maturity (rounded to the nearest month) corresponding to the remaining life to maturity of the Notes
(assuming that the Notes matured on the Notes Par Call Date) as of the date of redemption. If no maturity exactly corresponds to such
remaining life to maturity, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to such remaining life to maturity shall
be calculated pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence and the Reinvestment Rate shall be interpolated or extrapolated from such
yields on a straight-line basis, rounding in each of such relevant periods to the nearest month. For the purpose of calculating the Reinvestment
Rate, the most recent Statistical Release published prior to the date of determination of the Reinvestment Rate shall be used. 

Statistical
Release means that statistical release designated H.15 or any successor publication that is published daily by the
Federal Reserve System and that establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturities,
or, if such statistical release (or a successor publication) is not published at the time of any determination under the Indenture, then
such other reasonably comparable index that shall be designated by us. 

Events
of Default 

Holders
of our Notes will have rights if an Event of Default occurs in respect of the Notes and is not cured, as described later in this subsection.
The term Event of Default in respect of the Notes means any of the following: 

we
 do not pay interest on any Note when due, and such default is not cured within 30 days; 
 
 we
 do not pay the principal of the Notes when due and payable; 
 
 we
 breach any covenant or warranty in the Indenture with respect to the Notes and such breach
 continues for 60 days after we receive a written notice of such breach from the Trustee or
 the holders of at least 25 of the principal amount of the Notes; and 
 
 certain
 specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur and remain undischarged
 or unstayed for a period of 90 days. 

The
Trustee may withhold notice to the holders of the Notes of any default, except in the payment of principal or interest, if the Trustee
in good faith determines the withholding of notice to be in the interest of the holders of the Notes. 

6 

Each
year, we will furnish to the Trustee a written statement of certain of our officers certifying that to their knowledge we are in compliance
with the Indenture and the Notes, or else specifying any default. 

Remedies
if an Event of Default Occurs 

If
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25 of the outstanding principal amount
of the Notes may declare the entire principal amount of the Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to be due and payable
immediately by a notice in writing to us and, if notice is given by the holders of the Notes, the Trustee. This is called an acceleration
of maturity. If the Event of Default occurs in relation to our filing for bankruptcy or certain other events of bankruptcy, insolvency
or reorganization occur, the principal amount of the Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will automatically, and
without any declaration or other action on the part of the Trustee or the holders, become immediately due and payable. 

At
any time after a declaration of acceleration of the Notes has been made by the Trustee or the holders of the Notes and before any judgment
or decree for payment of money due has been obtained by the Trustee, the holders of a majority of the outstanding principal of the Notes,
by written notice to us and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if (i) we have paid or deposited
with the Trustee all amounts due and owed with respect to the Notes (other than principal that has become due solely by reason of such
acceleration) and certain other amounts, and (ii) any other Events of Default have been cured or waived. 

At
our election, the sole remedy with respect to an Event of Default due to our failure to comply with certain reporting requirements under
the Trust Indenture Act or under Covenants Reporting below, for the first 180 calendar days after the occurrence
of such Event of Default, consists exclusively of the right to receive additional interest on the Notes at an annual rate equal to (1)
0.25 for the first 90 calendar days after such default and (2) 0.50 for calendar days 91 through 180 after such default. On the 181 st
 day after such Event of Default, if such violation is not cured or waived, the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25 of the
outstanding principal amount of the Notes may declare the principal, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes
to be due and payable immediately. If we choose to pay such additional interest, we must notify the Trustee and the holders of the Notes
by certificate of our election at any time on or before the close of business on the first business day following the Event of Default. 

Before
a holder of the Notes is allowed to bypass the Trustee and bring a lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce
such holder s rights relating to the Notes, the following must occur: 

such
 holder must give the Trustee written notice that the Event of Default has occurred and remains
 uncured; 
 
 the
 holders of at least 25 of the outstanding principal of the Notes must have made a written
 request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its
 own name as trustee; 
 
 such
 holder or holders must have offered to the Trustee indemnity against the costs, expenses
 and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request; 
 
 the
 Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has
 failed to institute any such proceeding; and 
 
 no
 direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such
 60-day period by holders of a majority of the outstanding principal of the Notes. 

No
delay or omission in exercising any right or remedy will be treated as a waiver of that right, remedy or Event of Default. 

7 

Book-entry
and other indirect holders of the Notes should consult their banks or brokers for information on how to give notice or direction to or
make a request of the Trustee and how to declare or cancel an acceleration of maturity. 

Waiver
of Defaults 

The
holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes may on behalf of the holders of all Notes waive
any past default with respect to the Notes other than (i) a default in the payment of principal or interest on the Notes when such payments
are due and payable (other than by acceleration as described above), or (ii) in respect of a covenant that cannot be modified or amended
without the consent of each holder of Notes. 

Covenants 

In
addition to any other covenants described in the accompanying prospectus, as well as standard covenants relating to payment of principal
and interest, maintaining an office where payments may be made or securities can be surrendered for payment, payment of taxes by us and
related matters, the following covenants will apply to the Notes. To the extent of any conflict or inconsistency between the base indenture
and the following covenants, the following covenants will govern. 

Merger,
Consolidation or Sale of Assets 

The
Indenture provides that we will not merge or consolidate with or into any other person (other than a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary
into us), or sell, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all our property in any one transaction or series
of related transactions unless: 

we
 are the surviving entity or the entity (if other than us) formed by such merger or consolidation
 or to which such sale, transfer, lease, conveyance or disposition is made will be a corporation
 or limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the United States of
 America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 

the
 surviving entity (if other than us) expressly assumes, by supplemental indenture in form
 reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, executed and delivered to the Trustee by such surviving
 entity, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest
 on, all the Notes outstanding, and the due and punctual performance and observance of all
 the covenants and conditions of the Indenture to be performed by us; 

immediately
 before and immediately after giving effect to such transaction or series of related transactions,
 no default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and 

in
 the case of a merger where the surviving entity is other than us, we or such surviving entity
 will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee, an officers certificate and
 an opinion of counsel, each stating that such transaction and the supplemental indenture,
 if any, in respect thereto, comply with this covenant and that all conditions precedent in
 the Indenture relating to such transaction have been complied with. 

Reporting 

If,
at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to file any periodic reports
with the SEC, we agree to furnish to holders of the Notes and the Trustee, for the period of time during which the Notes are outstanding,
our audited annual consolidated financial statements, within 90 days of our fiscal year end, and unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements, within 60 days of our fiscal quarter end (other than our fourth fiscal quarter). All such financial statements will be prepared,
in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, as applicable. 

Modification
or Waiver 

There
are three types of changes we can make to the Indenture and the Notes: 

8 

Changes
Not Requiring Approval 

First,
there are changes that we can make to the Notes without the specific approval of the holders of the Notes. This type is limited to clarifications
and certain other changes that would not adversely affect holders of the Notes in any material respect and include changes: 

to
 evidence the succession of another corporation, and the assumption by the successor corporation
 of our covenants, agreements and obligations under the Indenture and the Notes; 

to
 add to our covenants for the benefit of the holders of the Notes, or to surrender any right
 or power herein conferred upon the Company and to make the occurrence; 

to
 add any additional Events of Default for the benefit of the holders of the Notes; 

to
 add to or change any of the provisions of the Indenture to such extent as necessary to permit
 or facilitate the issuance of the Notes in bearer form, registrable or not registrable as
 to principal, and with or without interest coupons, or to permit or facilitate the issuance
 of the Notes in uncertificated form; 

to
 add or provide for a guaranty of the Notes or additional obligors on the Notes; 

to
 establish the form or terms of the Notes; 

to
 cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision contained in the Indenture or
 in any supplemental indenture which may be defective or inconsistent with other provisions,
 or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Indenture,
 provided that such action pursuant to this clause shall not adversely affect the interests
 of the holders of the Notes in any material respect; 

to
 secure the Notes, including provisions regarding the circumstances under which collateral
 may be released or substituted; 

to
 evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment of a successor trustee and to add
 or change any provisions of the Indenture as necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration
 of the trust by more than one trustee; and 

to
 supplement any of the provisions of the Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to
 permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge the Notes, provided that any such
 action shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Notes in any material
 respect. 

Changes
Requiring Approval of Each Holder 

We
cannot make certain changes to the Notes without the specific approval of each holder of the Notes. The following is a list of those
types of changes: 

changing
 the stated maturity of the principal of, or any installment of interest on, any Note; 

reducing
 the principal amount or rate of interest of any Note; 

changing
 the place of payment where any Note or any interest is payable; 

impairing
 the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or after the date on which
 it is due and payable; 

reducing
 the percentage in principal amount of holders of the Notes whose consent is needed to modify
 or amend the Indenture; and 

reducing
 the percentage in principal amount of holders of the Notes whose consent is needed to waive
 compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture or to waive certain defaults. 

9 

Changes
Requiring Majority Approval 

Any
other change to the Indenture and the Notes would require the following approval: 

if
 the change only affects the Notes, it must be approved by holders of not less than a majority
 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; and 

if
 the change affects more than one series of debt securities issued under the Indenture, it
 must be approved by the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount
 of each of the series of debt securities affected by the change. 

Consent
from holders to any change to the Indenture or the Notes must be given in writing. 

Further
Details Concerning Voting 

The
amount of Notes deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of voting will include all Notes authenticated and delivered under the Indenture
as of the date of determination except: 

Notes
 cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; 

Notes
 for which we have deposited with the Trustee or paying agent or set aside in trust money
 for their payment or redemption and, if money has been set aside for the redemption of the
 Notes, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to the Indenture to the satisfaction
 of the Trustee; 

Notes
 held by the Company, its subsidiaries or any other entity which is an obligor under the Notes,
 unless such Notes have been pledged in good faith and the pledgee is not the Company, an
 affiliate of the Company or an obligor under the Notes; 

Notes
 for which have undergone full defeasance, as described below; and 

Notes
 which have been paid or exchanged for other Notes due to such Notes loss, destruction or
 mutilation, with the exception of any such Notes held by bona fide purchasers who have presented
 proof to the Trustee that such Notes are valid obligations of the Company. 

We
will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of the Notes that are entitled
to vote or take other action under the Indenture, and the Trustee will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the
purpose of determining the holders of the Notes that are entitled to join in the giving or making of any Notice of Default, any declaration
of acceleration of maturity of the Notes, any request to institute proceedings or the reversal of such declaration. If we or the Trustee
set a record date for a vote or other action to be taken by the holders of the Notes, that vote or action can only be taken by persons
who are holders of the Notes on the record date and, unless otherwise specified, such vote or action must take place on or prior to the
180 th day after the record date. We may change the record date at our option, and we will provide written notice to the Trustee
and to each holder of the Notes of any such change of record date. 

Defeasance 

The
following defeasance provisions are applicable to the Notes. Defeasance means that, by irrevocably depositing with the
Trustee an amount of cash denominated in U.S. dollars and/or U.S. government obligations sufficient to pay all principal and interest,
if any, on the Notes when due and satisfying any additional conditions noted below, we will be deemed to have been discharged from our
obligations under the Notes. In the event of a covenant defeasance, upon depositing such funds and satisfying similar conditions
discussed below we would be released from certain covenants under the Indenture relating to the Notes. The consequences to the holders
of the Notes would be that, while they would no longer benefit from certain covenants under the Indenture, and while the Notes could
not be accelerated for any reason, the holders of the Notes nonetheless would be guaranteed to receive the principal and interest owed
to them. 

10 

Covenant
Defeasance 

Under
the Indenture, we have the option to take the actions described below and be released from some of the restrictive covenants under the
Indenture under which the Notes were issued. This is called covenant defeasance. In that event, holders of the Notes would
lose the protection of those restrictive covenants but would gain the protection of having money and government securities set aside
in trust to repay the Notes. In order to achieve covenant defeasance, the following must occur: 

we
 must irrevocably deposit or cause to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds for the
 benefit of all holders of the Notes cash, U.S. government obligations or a combination of
 cash and U.S. government obligations sufficient, without reinvestment, in the opinion of
 a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants, investment bank or appraisal
 firm, to generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other applicable payments
 on the Notes on their various due dates; 

we
 must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that under U.S. federal
 income tax law, we may make the above deposit and covenant defeasance without causing holders
 to be taxed on the Notes differently than if we did not make the deposit and we just repaid
 the debt securities ourselves at maturity; 

we
 must deliver to the Trustee an officers certificate stating that the Notes, if then
 listed on any securities exchange, will not be delisted as a result of the deposit; 

no
 default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing, and
 no defaults or Events of Defaults related to bankruptcy, insolvency or organization occurs
 during the 90 days following the deposit; 

the
 covenant defeasance must not cause the Trustee to have a conflicting interest within the
 meaning of the Trust Indenture Act; 

the
 covenant defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default
 under, the Indenture or any other material agreements or instruments to which we are a party; 

the
 covenant defeasance must not result in the trust arising from the deposit constituting an
 investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act unless such trust will
 be registered under the Investment Company Act or exempt from registration thereunder; and 

we
 must deliver to the Trustee an officers certificate and a legal opinion from our counsel
 stating that all conditions precedent with respect to the covenant defeasance have been complied
 with. 

Full
Defeasance 

If
there is a change in U.S. federal income tax law, we can legally release ourselves from all payment and other obligations on the Notes
if we take the following actions below: 

we
 must irrevocably deposit or cause to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds for the
 benefit of all holders of the Notes cash, U.S. government obligations or a combination of
 cash and U.S. government obligations sufficient, without reinvestment, in the opinion of
 a nationally recognized firm, of independent public accountants, investment bank or appraisal
 firm, to generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other applicable payments
 on the Notes on their various due dates; 

we
 must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion confirming that there has been a change to the
 current U.S. federal income tax law or an Internal Revenue Service ruling that allows us
 to make the above deposit without causing holders to be taxed on the Notes any differently
 than if we did not make the deposit and we just repaid the debt securities ourselves at maturity; 

we
 must deliver to the Trustee an officers certificate stating that the Notes, if then
 listed on any securities exchange, will not be delisted as a result of the deposit; 

no
 default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing and
 no defaults or Events of Defaults related to bankruptcy, insolvency or organization occurs
 during the 90 days following the deposit; 

the
 full defeasance must not cause the Trustee to have a conflicting interest within the meaning
 of the Trust Indenture Act; 

11 

the
 full defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under,
 the Indenture or any other material agreements or instruments to which we are a party; 

the
 full defeasance must not result in the trust arising from the deposit constituting an investment
 company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act unless such trust will be registered
 under the Investment Company Act or exempt from registration thereunder; and 

we
 must deliver to the Trustee an officers certificate and a legal opinion from our counsel
 stating that all conditions precedent with respect to the full defeasance have been complied
 with. 

In
the event that the Trustee is unable to apply the funds held in trust to the payment of obligations under the Notes by reason of a court
order or governmental injunction or prohibition, then those of our obligations discharged under the full defeasance or covenant defeasance
will be revived and reinstated as though no deposit of funds had occurred, until such time as the Trustee is permitted to apply all funds
held in trust under the procedure described above may be applied to the payment of obligations under the Notes. However, if we make any
payment of principal or interest on the Notes to the holders, we will be subrogated to the rights of the holders to receive such payment
from the money so held in trust. 

Listing 

The
Notes are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols HROWL and HROWM . The Notes trade flat, 
meaning that purchasers do not pay and sellers do not receive any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes that is not included in the
trading price. 

Governing
Law 

The
Indenture and the Notes are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

Global
Notes; Book-Entry Issuance 

The
Notes are issued in the form of one or more global certificates, or Global Notes, registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company,
or DTC. DTC has informed us that its nominee is Cede Co. Accordingly, we expect Cede Co. to be the initial registered holder
of the Notes. No person that acquires a beneficial interest in the Notes will be entitled to receive a certificate representing that
person s interest in the Notes except as described herein. Unless and until definitive securities are issued under the limited
circumstances described below, all references to actions by holders of the Notes will refer to actions taken by DTC upon instructions
from its participants, and all references to payments and notices to holders will refer to payments and notices to DTC or Cede 
Co., as the registered holder of these securities. 

DTC
has informed us that it is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a banking organization 
within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a clearing corporation within the
meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, and a clearing agency registered pursuant to the provisions of Section
17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million issues of U.S. and non-U.S. equity issues, corporate
and municipal debt issues, and money market instruments from over 100 countries that DTC s participants, or Direct Participants,
deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions
in deposited securities through electronic computerized book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct Participants accounts.
This eliminates the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations. DTC is a wholly owned subsidiary
of The Depository Trust Clearing Corporation, or DTCC. 

DTCC
is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered
clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such
as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain
a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly, or Indirect Participants. DTC has an S P rating
of AA+. The DTC Rules applicable to its participants are on file with the SEC. More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com . 

12 

Purchases
of the Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for the Notes on DTC s
records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each Note, or the Beneficial Owner, is in turn to be recorded on the Direct
and Indirect Participants records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase. Beneficial
Owners are, however, expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of
their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of
ownership interests in the Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf
of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in the Notes, except in
the event that use of the book-entry system for the Notes is discontinued. 

To
facilitate subsequent transfers, all Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the name of DTC s partnership
nominee, Cede Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of the Notes with
DTC and their registration in the name of Cede Co. or such other DTC nominee do not effect any change in beneficial ownership.
DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Notes; DTC s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants
to whose accounts the Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 

Conveyance
of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants
and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements
as may be in effect from time to time. 

Redemption
notices will be sent to DTC. If less than all of the Notes are being redeemed, DTC s practice is to determine by lot the amount
of the interest of each Direct Participant in the Notes to be redeemed. 

Neither
DTC nor Cede Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to the Notes unless authorized by a Direct Participant
in accordance with DTC s Procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to us as soon as possible after the
record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede Co. s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts
the Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 

Redemption
proceeds, distributions and interest payments on the Notes will be made to Cede Co., or such other nominee as may be requested
by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC s practice is to credit Direct Participants accounts upon DTC s receipt
of funds and corresponding detail information from us or the applicable trustee or depositary on the payment date in accordance with
their respective holdings shown on DTC s records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions
and customary practices, as is the case with the Notes held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in street
name, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC nor its nominee, the applicable trustee or depositary,
or us, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions
and interest payments to Cede Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility
of us or the applicable trustee or depositary. Disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants will be the responsibility of DTC,
and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners will be the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 

The
information in this section concerning DTC and DTC s book-entry system has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable,
but we take no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 

None
of the Company, the Trustee, any depositary, or any agent of any of them will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of
DTC s or any participant s records relating to, or for payments made on account of, beneficial interests in a Global Note,
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 

13 

Termination
of a Global Note 

If
a Global Note is terminated for any reason, interest in it will be exchanged for certificates in non-book-entry form as certificated
securities. After such exchange, the choice of whether to hold the certificated Notes directly or in street name will be up to the investor.
Investors must consult their own banks or brokers to find out how to have their interests in a Global Note transferred on termination
to their own names, so that they will be holders of the Notes. See Form, Exchange and Transfer of Certificated Registered
Securities. 

Payment
and Paying Agents 

We
will pay interest to the person listed in the Trustee s records as the owner of the Notes at the close of business on the record
date for the applicable interest payment date, even if that person no longer owns the Note on the interest payment date. Because we pay
all the interest for an interest period to the holders on the record date, holders buying and selling the Notes must work out between
themselves the appropriate purchase price. The most common manner is to adjust the sales price of the Notes to prorate interest fairly
between buyer and seller based on their respective ownership periods within the particular interest period. 

Payments
on Global Notes 

We
will make payments on the Notes so long as they are represented by Global Notes in accordance with the applicable policies of the depositary
in effect from time to time. Under those policies, we will make payments directly to the depositary, or its nominee, and not to any indirect
holders who own beneficial interest in the Global Notes. An indirect holder s right to those payments will be governed by the rules
and practices of the depositary and its participants. 

Payments
on Certificated Securities 

In
the event the Notes become represented by certificates, we will make payments on the Notes as follows. We will pay interest that is due
on an interest payment date by check mailed on the interest payment date to the holder of the Note at his or her address shown on the
Trustee s records as of the close of business on the record date. We will make all payments of principal by check at the office
of the Trustee in the contiguous United States and/or at other offices that may be specified in the Indenture or a notice to holders
against surrender of the Note. 

Payment
When Offices Are Closed 

If
any payment is due on the Notes on a day that is not a business day, we will make the payment on the next day that is a business day.
Payments made on the next business day in this situation will be treated under the Indenture as if they were made on the original due
date. Such payment will not result in a default under the Notes or the Indenture, and no interest will accrue on the payment amount from
the original due date to the next day that is a business day. 

Book-entry
and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how they will receive payments on the Notes. 

Form,
Exchange and Transfer of Certificated Registered Securities 

Notes
in physical, certificated form will be issued and delivered to each person that DTC identifies as a beneficial owner of the related Notes
only if: 

DTC
 notified us at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for the
 Global Notes; 

DTC
 ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act; or 

an
 Event of Default with respect to such Global Note has occurred and is continuing. 

14 

Holders
may exchange their certificated securities for Notes of smaller denominations or combined into fewer Notes of larger denominations, as
long as the total principal amount is not changed and as long as the denomination is equal to or greater than 25. 

Holders
may exchange or transfer their certificated securities at the office of the Trustee. We have appointed the Trustee to act as our agent
for registering the Notes in the name of holders transferring Notes. We may at any time designate additional transfer agents or rescind
the designation of any transfer agent or approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts. 

Holders
will not be required to pay a service charge for any registration of transfer or exchange of their certificated securities, but they
may be required to pay any tax or other governmental charge associated with the registration of transfer or exchange. The transfer or
exchange will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the holder s proof of legal ownership. 

If
we redeem any of the Notes, we may block the transfer or exchange of those Notes selected for redemption during the period beginning
15 days before the day we mail the notice of redemption and ending on the day of that mailing, in order to determine or fix the list
of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfer or exchanges of any certificated Notes selected for redemption,
except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unredeemed portion of any Note that will be partially redeemed. 

About
the Trustee 

U.S.
Bank National Association is the Trustee under the Indenture and is the principal paying agent and registrar for the Notes. The Trustee
may resign or be removed with respect to the Notes provided that a successor trustee is appointed to act with respect to the Notes. 

15 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

HARROW
HEALTH, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 
 as of December 31, 2022 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 State
 of 
 Incorporation or 
 Organization 
 
 ImprimisRx,
 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Imprimis
 NJOF, LLC 
 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 ImprimisRx
 NJ, LLC 
 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 Harrow
 Eye, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Harrow
 IP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Visionology
 Equity, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Stowe
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Radley
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Mayfield
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Visionology,
 Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Visionology
 MSO, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Park
 Compounding, Inc. 
 
 California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

E XHIBIT
 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-159159, 333-183488, 333-198674, 333-220186 and 333-257413
on Form S-8 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-215672 and 333-265244 on Form S-3 of our report dated March 23, 2023, relating to the
consolidated financial statements of Harrow Health, Inc. and subsidiaries, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Harrow Health,
Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 KMJ Corbin Company LLP 

Irvine,
 California 

March
 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER UNDER 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I,
Mark L. Baum, certify that: 

(1) 
 I
 have reviewed this Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Harrow Health, Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

(4) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in the report any change in this registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 
 /s/
 Mark L. Baum 

Mark L. Baum 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
UNDER 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I, Andrew R. Boll, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Harrow Health, Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in the report any change in this registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 /s/ Andrew R. Boll 

Andrew R. Boll 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

HARROW
HEALTH, INC. 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Mark L. Baum, Chief Executive Officer of Harrow Health Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 

/s/
Mark L. Baum 

Mark
 L. Baum 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 1350
of Title 18 of the United States Code and, accordingly, is not being filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as part of
the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained
in such filing). 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

HARROW
HEALTH, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Andrew R. Boll, Chief Financial Officer of Harrow Health Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 

/s/
Andrew R. Boll 

Andrew
 R. Boll 

Chief Financial Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 1350
of Title 18 of the United States Code and, accordingly, is not being filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as part of
the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained
in such filing). 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 hrow-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 hrow-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 hrow-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 hrow-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

