<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1849820_0001213900-23-023683.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6893598</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>404111</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1330673</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1599760</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1795462</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1578887</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-023683.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328160808
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-023683
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nauticus Robotics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849820
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT, NEC [3569]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40611
		FILM NUMBER:		23769597

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17146 FEATHERCRAFT LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			WEBSTER
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77598
		BUSINESS PHONE:		281-942-9069

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17146 FEATHERCRAFT LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			WEBSTER
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77598

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	cleantech Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210308

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-023683.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_nauticusrobo.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to ___________ 

Commission file
number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , ,
 TEXAS 

(Address of principal executive offices and Zip
Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered Redeemable Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share KITTW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting
common stock held by non-affiliates of CleanTech Acquisition Corp., our predecessor, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately , based on the closing price on that day
of 10.07. As of March 28, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive
proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into Part
III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will be filed within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year end. 

Frequently
used terms 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report or Form 10-K ), or the context otherwise requires, references
to we, us, our Nauticus or the Company are to Nauticus Robotics,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and references to: 

Board are to the board of directors of CleanTech
prior to the Closing, and the board of directors of the Company following the Closing. 

Business Combination are to the merger contemplated
by the Merger Agreement, together with any amendment, ancillary agreements and transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Charter are to the Company s Second Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 9, 2022. 

CLAQ and CleanTech are to the Company
prior to the Closing. 

Chardan are to Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, as
representative of the underwriters in CLAQ s initial public offering. 

CleanTech Investments are to CleanTech Investments,
LLC. 

CleanTech Sponsor are to CleanTech Sponsor I
LLC, an entity affiliated with certain of CLAQ s directors and officers. 

Closing are to the consummation of the Business
Combination. 

Closing Date are to September 9, 2022, the date
of the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Code are to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended. 

Closing Share Price are to 10.00 per share. 

Common Stock are to the shares of common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, of CLAQ prior to the Closing, and the common stock of the Company following the Closing. 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company, the Company s transfer agent. 

Effective Time are to the time at which the Business
Combination became effective. 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. 

Exchange Ratio are to the ratio determined by
dividing (a) the Per Share Merger Consideration Value, by (b) the Closing Share Price. 

Founder Shares are to an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares
of Common Stock held by the Sponsors, directors and officers, consisting of (i) 2,595,000 shares of Common Stock held by CleanTech
Investments; (ii) 1,437,500 shares of Common Stock held by CleanTech Sponsor; and (iii) an aggregate of 280,000 shares
of Common Stock held by CLAQ officers, directors and certain advisors. 

GAAP are to accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Initial Stockholders are to the Sponsors and
any other initial holders of CLAQ common stock and Private Warrants. 

IPO are to the initial public offering of 15,000,000 Units of
CLAQ consummated on July 19, 2021, including the additional 2,250,000 Units sold to cover the over-allotment option
on July 28, 2021. 

Merger Agreement are to that certain Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 16, 2021, as amended on January 30 and June 6, 2022, by and among CLAQ, Merger
Sub and Nauticus Robotics Holdings. 

Merger Sub are to CleanTech Merger Sub, Inc.,
a Texas corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of CLAQ. 

Nasdaq are to The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

Nauticus Robotics Holdings are to Nauticus Robotics
Holdings, Inc., a Texas corporation, formerly known as Houston Mechatronics, Inc. 

Nauticus Convertible Notes are to (i) that
certain Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, dated June 19, 2021, by and between Goradia Capital, LLC and Nauticus, as amended
on December 16, 2021, (ii) that certain Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, August 3, 2021, by and between Material
Impact Fund II, L.P. and Nauticus, as amended on December 16, 2021, (iii) that certain Unsecured Convertible Promissory
Note, dated October 22, 2021, by and between In-Q-Tel, Inc. and Nauticus, as amended on December 16, 2021, (iv) that certain
Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, dated July 28, 2020, by and between Schlumberger Technology Corporation and Nauticus, as
amended on December 16, 2021, and (v) that certain Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 7, 2020, by and
between Transocean Inc. and Nauticus, as amended on December 16, 2021 (each, a Nauticus Convertible Note and collectively,
the Nauticus Convertible Notes ). 

Old Nauticus Common Stock are to shares of Nauticus
Robotics Holdings common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 

Old Nauticus Convertible Notes are to that certain
(i) Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, dated June 19, 2021, by and between Goradia Capital, LLC and Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc.,
as amended on December 16, 2021, (ii) Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, August 3, 2021, by and between Material Impact Fund II,
L.P. and Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc., as amended on December 16, 2021, (iii) Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, dated October
22, 2021, by and between In-Q-Tel, Inc. and Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc., as amended on December 16, 2021, (iv) Unsecured Convertible
Promissory Note, dated July 28, 2020, by and between Schlumberger Technology Corporation and Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc., as amended
on December 16, 2021, and (v) Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 7, 2020, by and between Transocean Inc. and Nauticus
Robotics Holdings, Inc., as amended on December 16, 2021. 

Per Share Merger Consideration are to with respect
to any share of Nauticus Common Stock, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, including those issued in connection
with the Nauticus Preferred Stock Conversion and the Nauticus Convertible Note Conversion, a number of shares of the Company s
Common Stock equal to (i) the Per Share Merger Consideration Value divided by (ii) the Closing Share Price. 

Per Share Merger Consideration Value are to 142.069. 

PIPE Investment are to the sale and issuance of
(i) 3,100,000 shares of Common Stock to certain investors for an aggregate purchase price of 31 million in a private
placement immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination (the Equity Financing and (ii) up to an aggregate
of 40.0 million in principal amount of secured debentures (the Debentures (of which we have entered into agreements
for 36,530,320 of Debentures) and warrants (the SPA Warrants to certain investors named in the Securities Purchase Agreement
dated December 16, 2021, as amended on January 31, 2022, and as further amended and restated on September 9, 2022, substantially
concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination (the Debt Financing ). 

Public Warrants are to warrants sold in the IPO
as part of the Units, whether they were purchased in the IPO or thereafter in the open market. 

Private Warrants are to the 7,175,000 warrants
issued to the Sponsors, consisting of (i) 4,783,333 warrants issued to CleanTech Sponsor; and (ii) 2,391,667 warrants issued
to CleanTech Investments, in a private placement in connection with the consummation of the IPO. 

RaaS are to Robotics as a Service. 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

Sponsor are to, individually, CleanTech Sponsor
or CleanTech Investments and, collectively, both of the foregoing. 

Units are to the units of CLAQ, each consisting
of one share of common stock, one right and one-half of one redeemable warrant. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act,
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this statement for purposes of complying with
these safe harbor provisions. 

This
document contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to our financial condition, results of operations and business, plans,
objectives and strategies. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical
or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as estimate, project, predict, 
 will, would, should, could, may, might, anticipate, 
 plan, intend, believe, expect, aim, goal, target, 
 objective, commit, advance, likely or similar expressions that convey the prospective
nature of events or o utcomes. There are several factors which could cause actual
plans and results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not
limited to: 

We
 are an early-stage company with a history of losses and expect to incur significant expenses
 for the foreseeable future. 

A
 significant amount of our revenues is derived from a limited number of customers. A substantial
 portion of our current revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject
 to a number of uncertainties, challenges, and risks. 

If we fail to effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to design,
develop, manufacture, market, and launch new generations of our robotic systems successfully. 

Our operating and financial projections rely on management assumptions and
analyses. If these assumptions or analyses prove to be incorrect, our actual operating results may be materially different from our forecasted
results. 

Our business plans require a significant amount of capital. Our future capital
needs may require us to sell additional equity or debt securities that may dilute our stockholders or introduce covenants that may restrict
our operations or ability to pay dividends. 

We will incur significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as
a public company, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

We may be unable to access sufficient capital needed to fund and grow our
business. 

We operate in a competitive industry that is subject to rapid technological
change, and we expect competition to increase. 

Our financial results may vary significantly from period to period due to
fluctuations in our operating costs, product demand and other factors. 

We have yet to achieve positive operating cash flow and, given our projected
funding needs, our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. 

Because we became a public reporting company by means other than a traditional
underwritten initial public offering, our stockholders may face additional risks and uncertainties. 

The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile, and
shareholders may lose some or all of their investment. 

Volatility in our share price could subject us to securities class action
litigation. 

Our management team has limited skills and experience related to managing
a public company. 

We incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and
our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 

Our stock price may continue to fluctuate. 

These and other factors
could cause actual results to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of performance and speak only as of the date hereof. The forward-looking statements are based on the current and reasonable expectations
of our management but are inherently subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances and their potential effects and speak only
as of the date of such statements. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated or that
we will achieve or realize these plans, intentions or expectations. 

All forward-looking statements
attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. We
undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise, except as required by law. 

In addition, statements
of belief and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information
available to us as of the date of this filing, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such
information may be limited or incomplete, and statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into,
or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not
to unduly rely upon these statements. 

SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 

The risk factors described below are a summary
of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only risks we face. The below summary is qualified
in its entirety by that more complete discussion of such risks and uncertainties found in Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should
carefully consider these risk factors, together with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We are an early-stage company with a history of losses, and
we expect to incur significant expenses for the foreseeable future. 

Almost all of our revenues in 2020, 2021, and 2022 were derived
from three customers. A substantial portion of our current revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to
a number of uncertainties, challenges, and risks. 

If we fail to effectively manage our growth, we may not be able
to design, develop, manufacture, market, and launch new generations of our robotic systems successfully. 

Our operating and financial projections rely on management assumptions
and analyses. If these assumptions or analyses prove to be incorrect, our actual operating results may be materially different from our
forecasted results. 

Our business plans require a significant amount of capital.
Our future capital needs may require us to sell additional equity or debt securities that may dilute our stockholders or introduce covenants
that may restrict its operations or our ability to pay dividends. 

Our management team has limited skills and experience related
to managing a public company. 

We will incur significant increased expenses and administrative
burdens as a public company, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results. 

We operate in a competitive industry that is subject to rapid
technological change, and we expect competition to increase. 

Our financial results may vary significantly from period to
period due to fluctuations in our operating costs, product demand and other factors. 

We have yet to achieve positive operating cash flow and, given
our projected funding needs, our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

Because we have become a public reporting company by means other
than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, our stockholders may face additional risks and uncertainties. 

The market price of our Common Stock is likely to be highly
volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. 

Volatility in our share price could subject us to securities
class action litigation. 

We may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at
a time that is disadvantageous to stockholders, thereby making Public Warrants worthless. 

For a more complete discussion of the material risk factors relevant
to us, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 44 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 45 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 53 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 53 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 54 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 54 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 54 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 54 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 54 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 
 
 Signatures 
 58 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Nauticus is a developer of ocean robots, autonomy
software, and services delivered to the marine industries. Nauticus was initially incorporated as Houston Mechatronics, Inc. on March 27,
2014, in the State of Texas. Nauticus is transforming from a business where revenue was primarily generated through engineering service
contracts, with both government and commercial customers, to a company that performs subsea robotic services through various technology-based
products. Nauticus products and services will be primarily delivered to commercial and government-facing customers through a Robotics
as a Service RaaS business model and direct product sales for both hardware platforms and software licenses. Besides a
standalone service offering and forward-facing products, Nauticus approach to ocean robotics has also resulted in the development
of a range of technology products for retrofit/upgrading legacy systems and other third-party vehicle platforms. Nauticus services
provide customers with the necessary data collection, analytics, and subsea manipulation capabilities to support and maintain assets while
reducing their operational footprint, operating cost, and greenhouse gas emissions, to improve offshore health, safety, and environmental
exposure. 

The RaaS revenue model emulates
the Software as a Service SaaS revenue model, which is commonly used for consumer and business software licensing, but
extends the model to include robots. In the SaaS model, the end user pays a fixed fee for a set period of time in order to use of the
software. In the case of Nauticus RaaS model, clients will be charged a flat fee for performing the service over a period of time
as required to complete the task. This fixed fee supports full use of Aquanaut, Hydronaut, ToolKITT, the communication infrastructure,
and the personnel required to support the servicing mission. The RaaS fee approach encompasses the complete technology stack that is required
to complete the contracted work. This can be contrasted with the industry s current commercial approach, which bills clients based
on the individual elements for performing the servicing mission (e.g., an itemized invoice for deployment of the equipment, tooling, crew,
boat fuel, vessel, etc.). With the RaaS model, a flat rate, currently estimated to be 30,000- 50,000/day, will be billed to cover all
equipment and personnel required to perform the service, irrespective of exactly which tasks are being performed. In Nauticus RaaS
model, the subscriber pays for the service and not the rolled-up costs individually, as is frequently done today via an a la carte menu
fashion. All other costs are covered in the subscription fee, including the long-term maintenance and servicing of the robots. At this
stage, Nauticus proposes the use of a RaaS business model for delivering services to commercial clients only. 

In contrast to the other robotics
systems, Argonaut is handled differently and does not currently fall under the RaaS business model. The client base for Argonaut purchases
the platform outright. There is longer-term service revenue associated with each platform around maintenance and add-on enhancements and
payloads. 

Nauticus near-term objective
is to disrupt the current ocean services paradigm through the introduction and integration of advanced robotic technologies. These key
technologies are supervised autonomy control software, novel robotic platforms capable of implementing autonomous behaviors, acoustic
communications networking protocols, force/torque controllable electric manipulation, perception, artificial intelligence and machine
learning software, and multimodal 3-D workspace sensors. Implementation of these technologies enables substantially improved operations
at significantly reduced costs and greenhouse gas emissions over conventional methods based on the size of legacy surface support vessels,
their crew, and required communications and power links. Legacy surface support vessels are typically 75-meter vessels, requiring a large
crew and substantial equipment. Further, using a tethered remotely operated vehicle ROV ), the surface support vessel must
support large spools of communication and power cable that can link the surface to the ROV, for example, down to 3,000m. This outfit can
cost upwards of 100,000 per day, based on the size of the crew and the cost of the surface support vessel and equipment. In comparison,
Nauticus cost estimates, which it validated through testing of the Hydronaut and Aquanaut, show that these costs can be reduced
significantly when the full complement of Nauticus technologies are deployed. This is because the cost to outfit and hire the vessel are
reduced, as Hydronaut is an 18-meter vessel, requiring fewer crew and resources. And the reduced crew and vessel size lead to large reductions
in greenhouse gases emitted during these operations. Further, because the Aquanaut is an untethered ROV, it does not require the amounts
of communication and power cables that a tethered ROV requires, reducing the cost of operations. 

Products, Services and Revenue: 

Nauticus is in an industry
that operates on a service-based daily rate model, often with very lengthy master service agreements. These master service agreements
can span from two to four years, or more, for each device dedicated to one customer, resulting in low utilization per asset. Nauticus
differentiates itself by employing a more opportunistic view which expands across different customers for shorter periods of time, thus
facilitating higher utilization rates. 

However, similar to the current
service model, our RaaS business model (planned for future commercial services but yet to be implemented) is characterized by a recurring
revenue stream granted in exchange for services provided, in this case through usage of our Nauticus robotic vehicles. The RaaS model
should be considered within a range of revenue models that have this recurring characteristic. The RaaS model, as described in this prospectus,
covers a range of conventional service contracts through an ongoing contract to provide services in a local area. As Nauticus deploys
its initial service fleet, we anticipate that the initial services will be paid through conventional contracting methods, directly with
the customer or in regional partnerships with an in-country service entity. 

1 

These conventional contracting methods typically
revolve around a long-term master service agreement (MSA) with an end client and service company. As a go-to-market strategy, Nauticus
Robotics aligned interests with regional partners (e.g., Stinger Technology AS in Norway) to offer this conventional method within already
awarded frame agreements. This allows Nauticus Robotics to shorten the adoption time of the service technology solution to an end client
without having the end client fully adopt the entire RaaS model. There is, however, nothing that would prevent the end client from contracting
directly with Nauticus Robotics under the RaaS offering. This use of the conventional contracting method does not exclude the providing
of such services through the RaaS business model. Nonetheless, this conventional contracting method provides a quicker alternative if
the RaaS business model is initially undesirable a prominent reason being that the current contract is not up for rebid until
much later. This allows Nauticus Robotics to provide its technology and enables the client to access it sooner. This in turn also allows
Nauticus Robotics to rapidly expand into new regions, since it will use the in-country facilities and business resources of the regional
partner. 

Nauticus RaaS business model accommodates
this type of contracting mechanism. However, as the new service paradigm matures and this technology is utilized by more customers, increased
fleet assets will create a network effect in specific market regions (e.g., the North Sea, Gulf of Mexico, etc.). These assets will provide
a continuous virtual residency of vehicles that serve the customer base. This residency of available assets will enable
a new approach to services at a further reduced cost, as customers share the operational overhead of supporting this new type of service
infrastructure through ongoing subscription-based contracting. 

The RaaS business model will be applied to the
commercial fleet services aspect of our business. These services will be deployed through various RaaS contracting mechanisms as the market
requires. The ToolKITT software platform is intended to be licensed on a SaaS basis or, in some cases, sold to end customers through a
perpetual license. In the latter case, end users will be contracted for software support and maintenance. New versions and upgrades will
be sold to customers set to retain the recurring revenue nature of the SaaS/RaaS model. 

Although the sale of Nauticus products may
occur on either point sales or RaaS/SaaS models, the fleet services and software ToolKITT are targeted for this type of
recurring revenue sales. Other products such as Argonaut (US Defense) and Olympic Arms (for existing ROVs) are anticipated to be sold
through conventional sales contracts with accompanying software licenses. Aquanaut, the commercial subsea vehicle, may also be sold to
selective customers, when those sales are not expected to cannibalize or compete with other Nauticus fleet services. 

To date, Nauticus has generated revenue through
U.S. defense contracts utilizing Aquanaut, Hydronaut, Argonaut, ToolKITT and commercial contracts for engineering services and vehicle
leasing. The Argonaut has completed final assembly in our facility and is has undergone commissioning testing in the Pacific Ocean, leading
to its acceptance by the customer, a Large Confidential Government Contractor, for further use in US government applications. Nauticus
intends to continue to support the U.S. Department of Defense as a contract performer, both on its own and with a Large Confidential Government
Contractor. These contracts support further technology development for Nauticus and further opportunities to migrate aspects of this work
to the commercial sector. Both Nauticus and our partner, a Large Confidential Government Contractor, plan to actively pursue sales and
services in the U.S. defense and intelligence communities through the Argonaut vehicle. 

Currently, Nauticus has not completed any material
product sales, and many of its core products are still under development. Nauticus provided service and support for HaloGuard products,
a red zone monitoring solution. As of June 2022, Nauticus Robotics Holdings and Transocean negotiated an end to Nauticus Robotics Holdings 
support on the product line in order to focus more on the mainline revenue generating items for Nauticus Robotics Holdings. 

The RaaS model is anticipated to commence in late
2023 or 2024 with the Hydronaut and Aquanaut units currently under construction at the expected market rate of 30,000- 50,000 per day.
Since the vehicles will have limited calendar space to generate revenue in 2023, the RaaS service model is expected to account for just
a small portion of 2023 revenues. 

Evolution of Aquatic Robotics 

The modern ocean robotic vehicles
known as unmanned underwater vehicles UUVs can be traced to work performed by the U.S. Navy in the 1960 s. As this
technology developed through the 1970 s and 1980 s, the oil and gas industry began to utilize this technology to support exploration
projects in water depths that exceeded the capability of human divers. Since these beginnings, remotely operated vehicles and autonomous
underwater vehicles AUVs have expanded their reach into many fields beyond the ocean energy marketplace. These robotic
vehicles have played a key role in exploration and discovery as well as ocean rescue missions. Today, these vehicles are routinely used
to perform a wide variety of tasks in support of many fields of use, including offshore wind energy and aquaculture. 

UUVs generally have two missions:
data gathering or manipulation. They are operated in two distinct classifications remotely operated or autonomous. The
current vehicle designs are optimized and limited to performing one mission or the other. The long-range observation and data gathering
missions are often oceanographic data, communication cable inspections, or subsea topographical surveys. These vehicles are usually AUVs
and are non-hovering, tetherless, submarine shaped hulls optimized for long range cruising. Not only do these platforms
neglect any manipulation, they are also less than ideally suited for tasks requiring high maneuverability. There are some hovering AUVs
and even some that offer limited manipulation. However, these hydraulic arms are very rudimentary add-on features incapable of complex
coordination or more advanced concepts like goal directed, impedance-force control. 

2 

On the other hand, most manipulation
missions are performed by ROV designs. These tethered robots, which are specifically aimed at subsea manipulation, are attached
to topside support vessels for power and communication. As such, they take advantage of high data rates and the power-rich environment
afforded by the tether. Although operator fatigue is a notorious problem, most ROV operators are paid by the hour, and that has unfortunately
held down advancing the state of the art in operational efficiency, control, and manipulation sophistication. And it is these exact technological
advancements that are required in a communication-poor, power-limited environment. 

There is an emerging need for
the hybrid operation: a highly maneuverable platform that can perform manipulation work and also travel efficiently for tens of kilometers.
This might include deployment from shore or from some other vehicle and then traveling large distances to then perform manipulation or
observation work or both. 

Market Opportunity 

Although AUV and ROV technology
have progressed over the years, the fundamental solution architecture has not changed from its beginning. Servicing missions at depth
requires a large surface ship and for intervention tasks, tether spooling systems to be mounted and controlled from the vessel. Beyond
the obvious mobilization/demobilization and operating costs of the ship, the tether system introduces its own set of operational challenges
and constraints to account for entanglement and sea current-induced disturbances. The size and complexity of the tether system contribute
to the size requirements of the vessel. The current paradigm typically includes onboard crew to operate the ROV, further increasing the
vessel requirements. The current architecture drives the high cost of this service through the large size of the surface vessel combined
with the encumbrance of the connecting cable between the surface vessel and the ROV. 

The Nauticus solution addresses
the primary factors that drive the cost of the current servicing paradigm. Eliminating the need for the several thousand meters of cable
and therefore the onsite vessel and people using acoustic communications substantially reduces the cost of operations. In addition to
removing the cost and maintenance of the cable, the surface vessel does not need to accommodate the size and complexity of this system,
reducing its size and associated cost. Reducing the size of the surface vessel yields cost savings through reduced crew and vessel operating
cost. Importantly, reducing the size of the surface vessel also substantially reduces the carbon expression during servicing operations. 

Removing the cable, which provides
high-bandwidth communications between the surface and the ROV, while still performing dexterous manipulation tasks has been a central
technical achievement of Nauticus. Increasing the autonomy of the ROV through artificial intelligence enables the full set of capabilities
required by the market but achieved through low-bandwidth data links. In this new control paradigm, high-bandwidth teleoperation gives
way to low-bandwidth supervised autonomy. Taking the responsibility for robotic interventions from a real-time operator and placing it
with the robot itself also improves performance of the system by reducing task completion times. This benefit results when the robot,
not the operator, compensates for local disturbances while completing tasks in the workspace. 

Another key benefit provided
by Nauticus Aquanaut is its unique ability to transform its hull to optimize performance during different phases of the mission.
The AUV-style, hydrodynamically efficient hull configuration enables the robot to traverse long distances when performing subsea pipe
or cable inspections. After this transit, the vehicle can transform its shape to expose workclass-capable manipulators to interact with
its environment. This ability to transit long distances and then perform manipulation tasks is enabled by both the vehicle design as well
as the freedom from a cabled surface connection. This unique capability of the Aquanaut brings new capacity to subsea robotic interventions
and further disrupts the status quo. 

Nauticus believes that these
new technical advances will redefine how ocean intervention services are performed. However, it is possible that these beliefs will prove
incorrect. For additional discussion of risks relating to operational and financial projections, please see Risk Factors Our
operating and financial projections rely on management assumptions and analyses. If these assumptions or analyses prove to be incorrect,
our actual operating results may be materially different from its forecasted results . 

The new and unique capabilities
of the Aquanaut represent a significant market opportunity for Nauticus to disrupt the ocean services marketplace, especially given the
lack of comparable systems. 

The market for this technology
is vast and covers several independent market segments including offshore renewables, oil gas, telecommunications, aquaculture,
mining, defense, ports, and shipping, just to name a few. The worldwide energy (O G Wind) IMR services market is projected
to grow based on aging assets with O G, and asset growth with Offshore Windfarms. 1
 Over the next 4 years, there will be tremendous growth of wind farm infrastructure installed into the global offshore
market. 2 Currently, 25GW of offshore renewables are installed
off the coast of Europe with expectations to double by 2030. The Biden administration announced the installation of 30GW of offshore
renewables to be installed off American shores by 2030. In total, this would imply around 15,000 more wind turbines to be installed in
just the United States and Europe. Today, these markets are served by service companies offering Vessel-based services with the
cost of these services being split substantially on the cost to operate the vessel over the ROV. 

1 Source: https://www.westwoodenergy.com/reports/world-rov-operations-market-forecast-2019-2023 . 

2 Source: https://gwec.net/global-offshore-wind-report-2021/ . 

3 

Overall, the Defense market
is expected to perform strongly in the next 5 years as geopolitical tensions continue to indicate that peer competitor and near-peer
competitor engagements are likely in the ocean domain. Unmanned systems, especially in the maritime domain, will be front and center and
see heavy investment. Due to the inherent stealth that the undersea domain presents, we believe this area will see a sharp increase in
development spending and acquisitions. In general, geopolitical tension drives defense spending for reconnaissance and covert littoral
battlefield and deepwater assets such as Argonaut, and agencies that sponsor these developments have affirmed this belief. COVID-19 has
had a minimal effect on defense spending on our products. We have seen some increase in discretionary spending even while COVID-19 has
caused a decrease in government spending in other areas. We do not expect a reduction in spending from supporting agencies. 

The use of technology like
Aquanaut is a significant topic in port security and management but is difficult to properly assess through industry reports alone. Our
findings through target customer interactions indicate that the size of the port and security market and expected adoption of such technology
in the next three to five years will be substantial. As a point of reference, there are over 100 major ports worldwide and where
Aquanaut can address the work required to assess port seabed conditions, vessel hull anomalies, sensor placements and retrievals, change
detection monitoring and unauthorized vessel detection. We plan to have multiple service offerings for the port and harbor security market
through vehicle sales and leases to the customer, including all equipment necessary to conduct Aquanaut missions. This will lead to Autonomy-
as- a- Service, using the ToolKITT and behavior development license agreements for our customer base. Aquanaut is an excellent multi-tool,
but many of the tools required for the vehicle are software based. Due to the specific nature of security requests, we believe
that custom development will be a requirement. We plan to provide over-the-air updates from our Houston-based engineering team to ensure
that vehicles are equipped and qualified with the latest alogrithms in our autonomy framework. We believe we will have a residual revenue
opportunity through a long-term license for the autonomy updates. 

A longer-term market where
Nauticus could expand is Aquaculture, and that segment is expected to increase significantly. With the world s population on course
to reach 9.7 billion by 2050, the global demand for protein is expected to grow by 40 . 3 
One way to meet our protein needs is to sustainably maintain both wild fish reserves and farmed fish. Furthermore, the rising trend of
smart fishing and the increase in seafood trade is also propelling the demand for aquaculture products. Major factors driving the growth
of the market include rising demand for protein-rich aqua food across the world, rapid adoption of advanced technologies IoT,
artificial intelligence AI ), feeding robots, and underwater remotely operated vehicles on aquaculture farms; increasing
investment and rising R D expenditure in aquaculture technology worldwide; and the growing popularity of land-based recirculating
aquaculture systems. 

The most addressable portion
of this market today is associated with salmon farming in both Norway and Chile. Regular net cleaning is important to maintaining the
health of the fish and the current man in the loop semi-automated cleaners damage the netting over time and nets break. When the nets
break, the fish are lost, but the farmers are also fined for allowing farm fish to escape into the wild population of fish. Aquanaut-type
vehicles and Aquanaut technologies could reside within the farm and clean the nets more regularly. The robot could also use its machine
vision technology to measure and classify the net wear characteristics over time, which would trigger preventative maintenance in order
to avoid net breaks, and by doing so, avoid the fine. 

The Nauticus Solution 

We are developing a portfolio
of ocean robotic vehicles and manipulators controlled by our multi-layered software suite. This software provides sensed perception of
the environment combined with guidance, navigation, and control of the vehicle. Additionally, the software suite provides cutting-edge
intelligence to control the dual arm manipulators to perform dexterous tasks. Complex task execution without a high-bandwidth tether to
the robot necessitates a command-and-control architecture that permits local command authority as well as a level of self-sufficiency
to execute high-level, human-directed tasks. Many studies have demonstrated that naive implementation of autonomy can result in opaque
systems meaning that it is difficult to explain their outcomes unless a focus of the system architecture is the interdependence
between human and robotic systems. Besides basing our success metrics on operator mental burden, advances in three key areas will differentiate
this architecture. Those areas are automatic task planning, probabilistic-based perception, and novel data compression. 

Our technological innovations
also include: 

A subsea vehicle that can transform its hull shape from a hydrodynamic
transit vehicle to a working ROV mode that exposes two workclass manipulators 

A multi-layered software subsystem that handles vehicle control,
perception, and manipulation supported through machine learning paradigms 

An acoustic-based mesh network communication system that provides
multi-point communication capabilities between multiple subsea vehicles and the sea surface 

3 
 Source: Henchion M, Hayes M, Mullen AM, Fenelon M, Tiwari B. Future Protein Supply and Demand: Strategies and Factors Influencing a Sustainable Equilibrium. Foods. 2017;6(7):53. Published 2017 Jul 20. doi:10.3390/foods6070053. 

4 

We believe the primary drivers
towards the adoption of Nauticus products include: 

Substantial reduction in the cost to deliver subsea inspection,
maintenance, and repair services to customers 

Reduced carbon footprint provided by the reduction in size of
the surface vessels required to perform work 

Reduced number of crew exposed to offshore work hazards 

Additional cost savings from fewer vessel days due to improved
operational efficiencies 

Reduction of hydraulic fluid leaks 

We believe the benefits of
our robotic systems will have clear implications across many industries, including offshore wind, port security, aquaculture, traditional
energy, subsea mining, and telecommunications. 

Strategic Collaborators 

We collaborate with market
leaders in complementary technologies such as energy storage and sensors while nurturing market relationships with key customers. Our
collaborations with high-profile industry leaders provide valuable feedback that we believe will enhance our early mover advantage. We
also expect that these relationships will provide us enhanced credibility and better lead generation and conversion of additional potential
customers. 

Growth Strategy 

The key elements of our growth
strategy include: 

Accelerate the Development
of our Robotic Systems 

Nauticus is committed to the
development of a complete ocean eco-system of robotic technologies. Each product is developed from an advanced automation perspective
with focus on increased performance, lower cost, and environmentally friendly operations. The Nauticus product portfolio includes a new
archetype of subsea vehicle, the AURV we call Aquanaut, that can change its configuration to optimize performance during various transit
and manipulation phases of the mission. Our expertise in dexterous manipulation supports the deployment of electric, subsea manipulators
that will be used by Nauticus for its own vehicles, but may also address a market need to retrofit existing ROV s with manipulators
that have both workclass strength and reach envelopes. ToolKITT integrates total robot and vehicle functions that simplify operational
control through mouse clicks , not joysticks. This superior approach to operational control of robots reduces both task times
and mission cost. The Nauticus acoustic communication technology serves as a many-to-many data connection between multiple mobile assets
in the marine environment. This technology enables multiple robotic actors to participate in complex servicing activities with over-the-horizon
control by remote operators. These products combine to minimize mission execution cost, enhance safety, and enable the application of
state-of-the-art robotic technologies to the needs of the ocean customer. 

Continued Investment
in Innovation 

We will continue to invest
significant resources in developing proprietary technologies across hardware, firmware, software, and controls to commercialize our robotic
systems. We expect our research and development activities to focus on various sizes of vehicles and manipulators to meet different market
needs. Improving network data communication to include both acoustic and optical modalities that optimize bandwidth over the near and
far range is also a part of the development roadmap. 

Our Product Platforms 

We expect to offer a range
of robotic systems that draw on our intellectual property, years of expertise, and innovative core technologies. 

Aquanaut 

The Aquanaut represents a new
type of subsea vehicle that takes advantage of new subsystem technologies to bring best-in-class performance to the ocean realm. 

We believe the following to
be the key capabilities of the Aquanaut: 

Transformable hull design that enables efficient operations
in transit (AUV mode) and at the worksite (ROV mode) 

All-electric design for both propulsion and manipulation 

Capable of operating under supervised autonomy and fully autonomous
vehicle control modes 

5 

Multi-modal sensor suite capable of creating a high resolution
3-D map of the near-space environment to support manipulation 

Onboard navigation that enables extended transit to a worksite 

Argonaut 

Argonaut is a derivative of
the Aquanaut vehicle Argonaut, which has enhanced capabilities for transit and autonomous operations. This vehicle has been orchestrated
to provide Nauticus government-facing customers with the capabilities to perform their specialized mission scenarios. The Argonaut
has completed final assembly in our facility and has undergone commissioning testing in the Pacific Ocean, leading to its acceptance by
the customer, a large confidential government contractor (a Large Confidential Government Contractor ), for further use in
U.S. government applications. Specifically, this vehicle will be used by a Large Confidential Government Contractor, in conjunction with
Nauticus, to perform under a current contract. This product and other variants are currently available for direct sales to U.S. Department
of Defense entities or contractors and will be available in the future for commercial services through a RaaS contract for ongoing services. 

Hydronaut 

An 18m-long, optionally crewed
vessel that will support the real-time operations of Aquanaut in commercial applications. Hydronaut will ferry Aquanaut to and from the
worksite and support battery recharging and the over-the-horizon communication link to shore. 

ToolKITT 

ToolKITT is a cloud software
platform consisting of interrelated products for ocean sensing, manipulation, autonomous behaviors, survey, search recovery,
and manual intervention. This functionality encompasses robotic controls, user interfaces, sensor integration, simulation, data analysis,
and communication frameworks purposely built to enable work subsea. This software unifies all of Nauticus products into a single
control architecture. This system includes a communications middleware that orchestrates vehicle activities, performs updates, and enables
multi-agent interaction and mission planning. However, the software platform can also be used across other robotic platforms in the ocean
space and, theoretically, outside of the ocean domain as well. 

This product embodies a complete
command and control suite of software components that provide the intelligence necessary to transit and perform work with minimal interventions.
Although the entire suite is comprised of the following components, each one is capable of existing independently, being seamlessly integrated
into existing customer platforms and systems: 

Helmsman Safe, efficient, reactive,
on-board control system for maritime robotic platforms 

Commander Mission planning,
autonomy, and direct commanding of maritime robotic platforms 

Wayfinder Perception-based mapping
and world modelling 

Wavelink Disruption-tolerant,
secure, communication network for maritime robotic platforms 

Loggerhead Data collection and
analysis for customer data products and diagnostics 

Competition 

Current Solutions: 

Ocean Services utilizing AUVs/ROVs
are based on vessel companies contracting two ways with clients Long Term Annual Contracts and Spot Market Contracts.
For ROV Vessels, the price can range from 40K/day to 100K/day depending upon specification of vessel with ROVs at 8K/day to 10K/day.
These vessel companies either own their own fleet of AUV/ROVs or they subcontract with an AUV/ROV services providers. The mobilization
and demobilization costs of the equipment are an additional service fee the majority of the time. AUVs are utilized within the market
differently than ROVs with smaller survey vessels used that do not have crane systems or DP2 position control classification. These types
of vessels will cost up to 60K/day with the AUV related costs being between 10 20K/day. 

Sample of Traditional Energy
Market Service Providers: 

Oceaneering 

Subsea 7 

Fugro 

DOF 

6 

C-Innovations 

Helix 

Saipem 

build their own ROVs and
some buy Hugin AUVs from Kongsberg). 

Sample of Platform Manufacturers
(Product Sales): 

Forum 

TechnipFMC (now moving into services) 

SMD 

SAAB 

(Products are sold to service
providers with a margin rate ranging from 30 50 .) 

Sample of Autonomous Surface
Vessel coupled to Subsea Platform Assets: 

Ocean Infinity 

Reach Subsea 

Fugro 

Drawbacks to the current business model: 

Contracting is based on discrete
services being rendered, and value gets converted into a day rate. There is an emphasis on how the job is done and not what job is
done, and it is billable accordingly. For example, the entire work process is broken down into steps and phases and the service contactor
bills for each step. There are mobilization costs, trip costs, stand by costs, actual onsite costs, costs for tooling, demobilization
costs, etc. 

Customers and Partners 

Nauticus is actively engaged
in the development of specialized ocean vehicles for U.S. government interests. In this work, we are teaming with a Large Confidential
Government Contractor to deliver ocean vehicles that meet the challenging objectives of the U.S. Services. In the past we have been funded
directly by DARPA to develop our advanced ocean capabilities, and currently, we are partnered with a major defense prime to deliver a
classified system that leverages that technology. 

For the go-to-market strategy
in commercial ocean services, Nauticus has teamed with local service providers in the North Sea to leverage their relationships with customers
operating in this active region for ocean energy services. Through our investment relationships with both Transocean and Schlumberger,
we have in place a global footprint of opportunities to pursue and an infrastructure that can be leveraged to expedite service deployments. 

Customers 

Nauticus currently has developed
two models of subsea robots Aquanaut and Argonaut. The vehicles both exhibit the ability to traverse long distances, transform
their hull to expose dual robotic manipulators, perform robotic tasks, and then return to the launch site or other predetermined location.
The Aquanaut is designed to meet commercial requirements related to performing inspection, maintenance, and repair work in subsea oil
 gas and offshore wind energy applications. Its capabilities could also satisfy the needs for port security and maintenance, aquaculture,
telecommunications, and subsea mining markets. In this setting, the vehicle performs a variety of tasks, including inspection, maintenance,
and repair of customer assets. The Argonaut is designed for a different mission set that is driven by the needs of the U.S. Department
of Defense. The Argonaut is distinguished from the Aquanaut in several ways, but most importantly, this vehicle is capable of extended
range during transit. Other distinguishing features include a different sensor complement and improved autonomous behaviors. Nauticus
has created two separate vehicles for two important markets in order to allow each vehicle to evolve to meet the requirements of its respective
market. But more importantly, the Argonaut contains technology that makes it International Traffic in Arms Regulations ITAR restricted whereas the Aquanaut does not contain such technology. The initial Aquanaut commercial unit is planned to be delivered in the
second quarter of 2023. The two remaining Aquanauts are to be delivered in the second and third quarters of 2023. Nauticus has executed
nonexclusive Memorandums of Understanding MOU with Norwegian operators, Ramfjord Technologies and Stinger Technology,
to pursue opportunities in the region. The company also plans to pursue direct contracting opportunities in the North Sea. 

7 

In addition, Transocean, Inc.,
the world leader in offshore drilling for oil exploration and production, has been an invested partner with Nauticus since 2018. Opportunities
to deploy Aquanauts off Transocean drilling rigs have already been extensively discussed between Nauticus and Transocean. 

The first Argonaut is in testing
for potential full acceptance in 2023 by a Large Confidential Government Contractor. The Argonaut is outfitted with special sensors and
equipment to support its deployment on specialized missions for various U.S. agencies. 

Nauticus has also developed
a full-featured software stack, called ToolKITT, that provides autonomous and semi-autonomous control modes covering all aspects of subsea
vehicle missions. This software, although indigenous to Nauticus own subsea vehicles, can also be deployed in existing ROV s
to enhance and expand their operational capabilities. This software is currently showcased in the Defense Innovative Unit contract as
the intelligent machine driving the VideoRay Defender ROV. At the conclusion of this contract, if Nauticus meets all the program objectives,
it is envisioned that Nauticus will have the opportunity to deploy this software system under license to the U.S. Navy for use on their
existing Defender ROVs. 

Manufacturing and Suppliers 

As part of the original development
of engineering prototypes, Nauticus has established supplier relationships with key commercial-off-the-shelf COTS and
custom part manufacturers. Consideration is given within our international supply chain for redundancy, where possible. In cases of limited
supplier options, Nauticus initiates procurement early in the manufacturing schedule to mitigate risk of supply interruption. 

Currently, Nauticus manages
a supply chain with many suppliers that specialize in parts aimed toward subsea vehicles. A shared and key component of Aquanaut and Argonaut
subsea vehicles is the energy storage system a Li-ion battery. There are a variety of suppliers available to provide this battery
subsystem. One battery, in particular, that Nauticus uses is from SubCTech, a German company. The batteries are a long-lead-time item
and are ordered well in advance of the time they are required to be integrated into the vehicle. A copy of the most recent SubCTech battery
contract is included as Exhibit 10.20. However, there are alternative batteries (although not direct replacement and would require integration
work e.g., Kracken), and Nauticus is not necessarily dependent on SubCTech. In the most extreme event that battery suppliers are unable
to produce battery packs for Nauticus, Nauticus could resort to pulling that subsystem vertical and producing batteries for the subsea
vehicles in house. Nauticus has tremendous battery design, manufacturing, and assembly expertise, and former NASA energy systems division
experts are on staff. 

For parts and fabricated components,
Nauticus is using an outsourced manufacturing strategy to fabricate Aquanauts (subsea vehicle) and Hydronauts (optionally crewed surface
vessel). This strategy reduces in-house manufacturing and allows Nauticus to perform the final integration and functional acceptance test
of the Aquanaut prior to shipping. Two (2) Hydronauts are under construction with Diverse Marine in the United Kingdom, and three (3)
Aquanauts are being fabricated by with International Submarine Engineering in Canada. Copies of the contracts are included here as Exhibits
10.21 and 10.22, respectively. 

Nauticus also has a purchase
contract with iXBlue (France) to purchase a Drix unmanned surface vessel. This vessel also pairs with the subsea Aquanaut as a communications
node in place of the Hydronaut. A copy of the contract is included here as Exhibit 10.23. 

As we progress toward more
production of our ocean vehicles, trade studies will be conducted to identify subassembly outsourcing options that will reduce the number
of parts required in-house for final assembly at our facility. We recognize that the outsourcing trades may have advantages in limiting
required lease space, tooling, and personnel requirements, but these benefits may be offset by quality control or other issues leading
to full in-house assembly of the vehicles. Nauticus is committed to exploring the options that will lead to the most capital-efficient
manufacturing process and support our sales-driven build schedule. 

Government Regulation 

In addition to our compliance
regarding federal regulations affecting businesses of this type, Nauticus also maintains compliance with the ITAR and Export Administration
Regulations EAR governing the sale of our technology products. In addition to these commercial regulations, compliance
with the U.S. Department of Defense requirements for safeguarding data and other sensitive information is a main focus of the organization. 

Intellectual Property 

The ability to obtain and maintain
intellectual property protection through patent and trademark filings is important to our business. Nauticus utilizes a combination of
the protections afforded to the owners of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and trademarks to secure its intellectual property.
In addition, Nauticus requires employment agreements which stipulate IP protections for the company. For external relationships, non-disclosure
agreements and other contractual restrictions are used to establish and protect our intellectual property. 

8 

Nauticus will file for patent
protection if the invention is believed to be patentable and the resulting patent will be beneficial in protecting the invention in the
marketplaces. Consideration is also given, particularly with respect to software, as to the benefits of seeking a patent against the associated
market risks of providing public exposure of the invention. In many cases with our software, Nauticus holds this code and algorithms as
trade secrets. 

Nauticus has patented its reconfigurable
hull design for subsea vehicles. This approach protects the Company s vehicle configuration that enables it to transit long distances
and then transform into a working robot once at the worksite. This capability is key to exploiting the vehicle architecture and its tetherless
operational modes. Similarly, Nauticus has applied for patent protection for its all-electric, workclass robotic manipulators. These manipulators
are the first in their market class and utilize specialized actuation systems to achieve the strength performance necessary for workclass
systems. This patent was granted on January 24, 2023 under USPTO Number 11559905. 

Nauticus has also filed for
protection of our Company name and brand under trademark registration in the United States. 

Legal Proceedings 

Nauticus is not engaged in
any legal proceedings and there is no legal action anticipated by the company. 

Employees 

We had 93 employees as of December 31,
2022, including our named executive officers. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we have not experienced
any strikes or work stoppages related to labor relations issues. We believe we have good relations with our employees. 

Merger Agreement 

On the Closing Date, Nauticus
consummated its previously announced Business Combination pursuant to the Merger Agreement, as amended, by and among Nauticus predecessor
CleanTech, Merger Sub and Nauticus Robotics Holdings. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination was effected
through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Nauticus Robotics Holdings, with Nauticus Robotics Holdings surviving the merger as a wholly
owned subsidiary of CleanTech. On the Closing Date, CleanTech was renamed Nauticus Robotics, Inc., and Nauticus Robotics
Holdings was renamed Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc. 

As a result of the Closing,
among other things, (a) each share of Nauticus Robotics Holdings preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, that was issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Closing converted into Old Nauticus Common Stock, in accordance with the certificate of incorporation of Nauticus
Robotics Holdings (the Preferred Stock Conversion (b) each of the Old Nauticus Convertible Notes was converted into shares
of Old Nauticus Common Stock in accordance with the terms of each such note (the Convertible Note Conversion and (c) each
share of Old Nauticus Common Stock (including shares of Old Nauticus Common Stock outstanding as a result of the Preferred Stock Conversion
and Convertible Notes Conversion, but excluding shares of the holders who perfected rights of appraisal under Delaware law) was converted
into the right to receive (i) the Per Share Merger Consideration and (ii) Earnout Shares. 

In addition, each outstanding
option to purchase shares of Old Nauticus Common Stock (an Old Nauticus Option ), whether or not then vested and exercisable,
was assumed by CLAQ and converted automatically (and without any required action on the part of such holder of outstanding Old Nauticus
Option) into an option to purchase shares of the CLAQ s Common Stock equal to the number of shares determined by multiplying the
number of shares of the Old Nauticus Common Stock subject to such Old Nauticus Option immediately prior to the Closing by the Exchange
Ratio. As a result of the Closing, an aggregate of 3,970,266 shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of these
options. 

Earnout Shares. 

Following the closing of the
Merger, former holders of shares of Old Nauticus Common Stock (including shares received as a result of the Preferred Stock Conversion
and the Convertible Notes Conversion, the Stockholder Earnout Group shall be entitled to receive their pro rata share of
up to 7,499,993 additional shares of Common Stock (the Earnout Shares ). The Earnout Shares will be released and delivered
to the Stockholder Earnout Group upon occurrence of the following (each, a Triggering Event ): 

i. one-half of the Earnout Shares will be released if, within a 5-year period following the signing date
of the Merger Agreement, the volume-weighted average price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 15.00 per share over any 20 trading
days within a 30-day trading period; 

ii. one-quarter of the Earnout Shares will be released if, within a 5-year period following the signing date
of the Merger Agreement, the volume-weighted average price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 17.50 per share over any 20 trading
days within a 30-day trading period; and 

iii. one-quarter of the Earnout Shares will be released if, within a 5-year period following the signing date
of the Merger Agreement, the volume-weighted average price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 20.00 per share over any 20 trading
days within a 30-day trading period. 

9 

Subscription Agreements.
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, CleanTech entered into subscription agreements (collectively, the Subscription
Agreements with certain parties subscribing for shares of Common Stock (the Subscribers pursuant to which the Subscribers
purchased, and CleanTech agreed to sell to the Subscribers, an aggregate of 3,100,000 shares of Common Stock, for a purchase price of
 10.00 per share and an aggregate purchase price of 31 million (the Equity Financing ). Of the Subscribers, Transocean
Inc. and Material Impact II, L.P. respectively purchased 750,000 and 250,000 shares of Common Stock in the Equity financing at a price
of 10.00 per share and at aggregate respective purchase prices of 7,500,000 and 2,500,000. 

Securities Purchase Agreement.
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Nauticus and Nauticus Robotics Holdings entered into the Securities
Purchase Agreement with certain investors purchasing up to an aggregate of 40.0 million in principal amount of Debentures and warrants
(the Securities Purchase Agreement ). The number of shares of Common Stock into which the Debentures are convertible is equal
to 120 of the outstanding principal amount of the Debentures divided by the conversion price of 15.00, and the number of shares of Common
Stock into which the associated warrants are exercisable is equal to 120 of the outstanding principal amount of the Debentures divided
by the conversion price, with an exercise price equal to 20, subject to adjustment (the Debt Financing, and together with
the Equity Financing, the PIPE Investment ). The exercise price of the associated warrant is subject to (i) customary anti-dilution
adjustments; and (ii) in the case of a subsequent equity sale at a per share price below the exercise price, the exercise price of the
associated warrant will be adjusted to such lower price, and the number of shares underlying the warrant will increase proportionately.
In the event of a rights offering or dividend, the warrant holder will be treated as though the shares underlying the warrant he/she holds
were outstanding. These warrants can be exercised on a cashless basis. There is an original issue discount of 2 from the issued amount
of the Debentures. Interest accrues on all outstanding principal amount of the Debentures at 5 per annum, payable quarterly. The Debentures
are secured by first priority interests, and liens on, all present and after-acquired assets of the Company and will mature on the fourth
anniversary of the date of issuance. ATW, Material Impact Fund II, L.P., and the SLS Family Trust have subscribed for Debentures in the
aggregate principal amount of 36,530,320 (out of the aggregate 40.0 million) which is convertible into 2,922,425 shares of our Common
Stock and associated warrants for an additional 2,922,425 shares. ATW is managed by ATW Partners Opportunities Management, LLC, which
is an affiliate of Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Chardan ), and our former director, Mr. Jonas Grossman, is the Managing
Partner and President of Chardan. In addition, our director, Adam Sharkawy, is the managing partner of Material Impact II, L.P. 

Amended and Restated
Registration Rights Agreement. In connection with the Closing, Nauticus Robotics Holdings, CleanTech and certain stockholders
of each of Nauticus Robotics Holdings and CleanTech who received shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement, entered into
an amended and restated registration rights agreement Registration Rights Agreement ). 

Lock-up Agreement and
Arrangements. In connection with the Closing, the Sponsors and certain Nauticus Robotics Holdings stockholders entered into
a lock-up agreement (the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement and Company Stockholder Lock-up Agreement with Nauticus
Robotics Holdings and CleanTech, pursuant to which each has agreed, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to: 

(i) offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of,
directly or indirectly, any shares of CleanTech Common Stock received as merger consideration and held by it immediately after the Effective
Time (the Lock-Up Shares ), or enter into a transaction that would have the same effect; 

(ii) enter into transaction that would have the same effect, or enter
into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of
such shares, whether any of these transactions are to be settled by delivery of such shares, in cash or otherwise; or 

(iii) publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge
or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge, or other arrangement, or engage in any Short Sales (as defined
in the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement and Company Stockholder Lock-up Agreement) with respect to any security of CleanTech; during a Lock-Up
Period under their respective agreements. 

10 

Under the Sponsor Lock-up Agreement,
the Lock-Up Period means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier of (x) the one year anniversary of the
Closing Date; (y) the date on which the volume weighted average price of shares of Common Stock equals or exceeds 13.00 per share
for twenty (20) of any thirty (30) consecutive trading days commencing after the Closing on Nasdaq, and (z) the date
specified in a written waiver duly executed by Nauticus Robotics Holdings; provided that the restrictions set forth in the Sponsor Lock-up
Agreement do not apply to (1) transfers or distributions to such stockholder s current or former general or limited partners,
managers or members, stockholders, other equity holders or direct or indirect affiliates (within the meaning of Rule 405 under the
Securities Act , as amended) or to the estates of any of the foregoing; (2) transfers by bona fide gift to a member of the stockholder s
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the stockholder or a member of the stockholder s immediate family for
estate planning purposes; (3) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death of the stockholder; or (4) pursuant
to a qualified domestic relations order, in each case where such transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of the Sponsor Lock-up Agreement.
At the latest, the Sponsor Lock-up Agreement will expire on September 9, 2023. 

Under the Company Lock-up Agreement,
the Lock-Up period means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier of (x) the date that is 180 calendar days
after the consummation of the Business Combination, (y) the date on which the volume weighted average price of shares of Common Stock
equals or exceeds 13.00 per share for twenty (20) of any thirty (30) consecutive trading days commencing after the Closing
on Nasdaq, and (z) the date specified in a written waiver duly executed by the Sponsors and CleanTech; provided that the restrictions
set forth in the Company Lock-up Agreement do not apply to (1) transfers or distributions to such stockholders, current or former
general or limited partners, managers or members, other equity holders or other direct or indirect affiliates (within the meaning of Rule 405
under the Securities Act, as amended) or to the estates of any of the foregoing; (2) transfers by bona fide gift to a member of the
stockholder s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the stockholder or a member of the stockholder s
immediate family for estate planning purposes; (3) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death of the stockholder;
(4) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, in each case where such transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement; (5) transfers or distributions of, or other transactions involving, securities other than the Lock-up Shares (including,
without limitation, securities acquired in the PIPE Investment or in open market transactions); or (6) in the case of Angela Berka
(or Reginald Berka with respect to any community, marital or similar interest he may have in the following shares), the transfer of up
to 1,000,000 shares of Lock-up Shares in a privately negotiated sale to another company stockholder, who shall enter into a Lock-Up Agreement
(or amend an existing Lock-Up Agreement) containing the same terms and conditions as this Agreement with respect to such shares, or the
entry into any agreement with respect to such a sale entered into before, at or after the Effective Time. The Company Lock-up Agreement
expired on March 8, 2023. 

Where You Can Find More Information 

The Company s Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections
13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are filed with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available
free of charge on our website at https://www.nauticusrobotics.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed
with or furnished to the SEC. Our SEC filings are also available to the public from the SEC s internet site at https://www.sec.gov. 

11 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our business, financial
condition, and operating results are affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including risks specific to
us or the robotics industry, as well as risks that affect businesses in general. The risks disclosed in this Annual Report on Form
10-K could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations and thus our stock price.
These risk factors may be important to understanding other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part I, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and Part I, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Because of such risk factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company s financial condition and operating
results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not
use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 

Our operations and financial results are
subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation,
financial condition, and operating results. 

Risk Factors Summary 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We are an early-stage company with a history of losses, and
we expect to incur significant expenses for the foreseeable future. 

Almost all of our revenues in 2020, 2021, and 2022 were derived
from three customers. A substantial portion of our current revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to
a number of uncertainties, challenges, and risks. 

If we fail to effectively manage our growth, we may not be able
to design, develop, manufacture, market, and launch new generations of our robotic systems successfully. 

Our operating and financial projections rely on management assumptions
and analyses. If these assumptions or analyses prove to be incorrect, our actual operating results may be materially different from our
forecasted results. 

Our business plans require a significant amount of capital.
Our future capital needs may require us to sell additional equity or debt securities that may dilute our stockholders or introduce covenants
that may restrict its operations or our ability to pay dividends. 

We may be unable to raise additional capital needed to fund
and grow our business. 

Our management team has limited skills and experience related
to managing a public company. 

We will incur significant increased expenses and administrative
burdens as a public company, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating
results. 

We operate in a competitive industry that is subject to rapid
technological change, and we expect competition to increase. 

Our financial results may vary significantly from period to
period due to fluctuations in our operating costs, product demand and other factors. 

We have yet to achieve positive operating cash flow and, given
our projected funding needs, our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. 

Risks Related to Our Securities

Because we have become a public reporting company by means other
than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, our stockholders may face additional risks and uncertainties. 

The market price of our Common Stock is likely to be highly
volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. 

Volatility in our share price could subject us to securities
class action litigation. 

We may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at
a time that is disadvantageous to investors, thereby making Public Warrants worthless. 

12 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We are an early-stage company with a history
of losses, and we expect to incur significant expenses for the foreseeable future. 

We incurred a net loss of
 28.3 million and 15.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We believe that we will continue to incur
operating and net losses each quarter until at least the fourth quarter of 2023. Even though we have commercial traction for platform
sales, we may not attract customers for our RaaS offering, and our potential profitability is dependent upon the successful adoption on
a larger scale of our robotics systems, which may not occur. There can be no assurance that we will be financially successful. 

We expect the rate at which
we will incur losses will be significantly higher in future periods as we: 

continue to design, develop, manufacture and commercialize our ocean robotic systems; 

continue to utilize and develop potential new relationships with third-party partners for supply, design
to manufacturing, and manufacturing; 

expand our production capabilities, including costs associated with potential outsourcing of the manufacturing
of our ocean robotic systems; 

build up inventories of parts and components for ocean robotic systems; 

mature maintenance and servicing capacity, capabilities, and replacement parts inventory; 

manufacture an inventory of ocean robotic systems; 

increase sales and marketing activities and enhance sales and distribution infrastructure; 

further develop remote monitoring, updating, and other cloud-based services; 

refine safety measures for the ocean robotic systems; 

expand technology infrastructure and cybersecurity measures, policies, and controls; and 

increase general and administrative functions to support growing operations and operate as a public company. 

Because we will incur costs and expenses from these
efforts before we receive any incremental revenues with respect thereto, our losses in future periods will be significant. In addition,
we may find that these efforts are more expensive than we currently anticipate or that these efforts may not result in revenues, which
would further increase our losses. 

We previously identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting that has since been remediated and downgraded to a significant deficiency. We have identified
a new material weakness surrounding the classification of the SPA Warrants, which were previously recorded as equity. This material weakness
could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely
manner. 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls. 

In 2021, we identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, such that there was a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. To address this material weakness,
we engaged a technical accounting and financial reporting consulting firm to assist the company with (i) our financial accounting close,
(ii) the application of technical accounting literature, (iii) the preparation of our financial statements, and (iv) the independent audit
of our financial statements. We hired additional personnel in the third and fourth quarters of 2022 to supplement our accounting and financial
reporting staff to remediate this weakness in our internal controls. We are also strengthening internal controls over financial reporting
by implementing an enterprise resource planning system ERP ), a software used to automate business processes, containing
workflows and business rules that ensure process is followed by approved policies, roles, and procedures. We expect to complete the ERP
implementation by the end of the second quarter of 2023. The resulting fully integrated ERP system will enhance financial reporting and
transactional interfaces. 

As a result of the Company s
efforts, the previously identified material weakness, described above, has since been remediated and downgraded to a significant deficiency.
In addition to the steps already taken, we plan to continue to devote significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement
of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements,
we plan to enhance these processes to better evaluate, research and understand the complexities of proposed accounting standards that
apply to our consolidated financial statements. These include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and
documents, increasing communication among our personnel, hiring additional technical accounting resources, and engaging third-party professionals
with whom we will consult regarding complex accounting standards. The elements of our continued remediation plan can only be accomplished
over time, and we can offer no assurances that these initiatives will ultimately have all or some of the intended effects. 

13 

Any failure to maintain such
internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results of operations on a timely and accurate
basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our
financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which
our Common Stock is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, that could result in a material adverse effect on
our business. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which
could have a negative effect on the trading of our Common Stock. 

As identified in our
amended quarterly report on form 10-Q/A for the period ended September 30, 2022, we identified a material weakness surrounding the classification
of the SPA Warrants, which were previously recorded as equity. See Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Identified Material Weakness
as of September 2022 and Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Remediation Plan. As a result of this material weakness, Nauticus 
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

We expect to incur ongoing
significant costs to meet the corporate governance provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, related regulations of the SEC, and the
requirements of NASDAQ, with which we were not required to comply as a private company. Complying with these statutes, regulations, and
requirements will occupy a significant amount of our Board s and management s time and will significantly increase costs and
expenses. 

We can give no assurances that
going forward, the measures we plan to take in the future will remediate any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial
results will not arise in the future due to failure to implement and maintain adequate control over financial reporting or circumvention
of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and
procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair preparation and presentation
of our consolidated financial statements. 

For more information, please
see the Risk Factor If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, our ability to produce timely and accurate
financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be adversely affected . 

Almost all of our revenues in 2020, 2021,
and 2022 were derived from three customers. A substantial portion of our current revenue is generated by sales to government entities,
which are subject to a number of uncertainties, challenges, and risks. 

We currently have a limited
number of customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales to two customers accounted for 95 of total revenue, and the total balance
due from these customers made up 82 of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, sales to one
customer accounted for 89 of total revenue, and the total balance due from this customer made up 82 of accounts receivable as of December
31, 2021. Due to our limited number of customers, the breach, cancellation, or amendment of any sales agreement with our current or future
customers may have an outsized effect on our revenue, cash on hand, and profitability. In addition, we may have an increased interest
in accepting less favorable terms of any amendment as a result. 

The total balances due from
these customers as of December 31, 2020 made up 100 of accounts receivable. Sales to government entities are subject to a number of risks.
Selling to government entities can be highly competitive, expensive, and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and
expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. In the event that we are successful in being awarded further government
contracts, such awards may be subject to appeals, disputes, or litigation, including, but not limited to, bid protests by unsuccessful
bidders. Government demand and payment for our solutions may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations,
with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our solutions. Government entities may have statutory,
contractual, or other legal rights to terminate our contracts for convenience or default. For purchases by the U.S. federal government,
the government may require certain products to be manufactured in the United States and other high-cost manufacturing locations,
and we or any third-party manufacturers may not manufacture all products in locations that meet government requirements, and as a result,
our business and results of operations may suffer. 

As a government contractor
or subcontractor, we must comply with laws, regulations, and contractual provisions relating to the formation, administration, and performance
of government contracts and inclusion on government contract vehicles, which affect how we and our partners do business with government
agencies. As a result of actual or perceived noncompliance with government contracting laws, regulations, or contractual provisions, we
may be subject to non-ordinary course audits and internal investigations which may prove costly to our business financially, divert management
time, or limit our ability to continue selling our products to our government customers. These laws and regulations may impose other added
costs on our business, and failure to comply with these or other applicable regulations and requirements, including non-compliance in
the past, could lead to claims for damages, downward contract price adjustments or refund obligations, civil or criminal penalties, and
termination of contracts and suspension or debarment from government contracting for a period of time with government agencies. Any such
damages, penalties, disruption, or limitation in our ability to do business with a government would adversely impact, and could have a
material adverse effect on, our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

14 

If we fail to effectively manage our growth,
we may not be able to design, develop, manufacture, market, and launch new generations of our robotic systems successfully. 

We intend to invest significantly
in order to expand our business. Any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects,
financial condition, and operating results. We intend to expand our operations significantly. We expect our expansion to include: 

expanding the management, engineering, and product teams; 

identifying and recruiting individuals with the appropriate
relevant experience; 

hiring and training new personnel; 

launching commercialization of new products and services; 

forecasting production and revenue and implementing ERP systems; 

entering into relationships with one or more third-party design-for-manufacturing
partners and third-party manufacturers and/or expanding our internal manufacturing capabilities; 

controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded
operations; 

carrying out acquisitions and entering into collaborations,
in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships; 

expanding and enhancing internal information technology, safety,
and security systems; 

establishing or expanding sales, customer service, and maintenance
and servicing facilities; 

conducting demonstrations of ocean robotic systems; 

entering into agreements with suppliers and service providers;
and 

implementing and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems,
and processes. 

Should achieved market penetration
warrant, we intend to continue to hire a significant number of additional personnel, including engineers, design and production personnel,
and service technicians for our ocean robotic systems and services. Because of the innovative nature of our technology, individuals with
the necessary experience may not be available to hire, and as a result, we will need to expend significant time and expense to recruit
and retain experienced employees and appropriately train any newly hired employees. Competition for individuals with experience designing,
producing, and servicing dexterous ocean robots and their software is intense, and we may not be able to attract, integrate, train, motivate,
or retain additional highly qualified personnel. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate, and retain these additional employees
could seriously harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our operating and financial projections
rely on management assumptions and analyses. If these assumptions or analyses prove to be incorrect, our actual operating results may
be materially different from our forecasted results. 

We are an ocean robotics and
services company, with limited experience commercializing our products and services. The projected financial and operating information
appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect estimates of future performance and is based on multiple financial, technical,
and operational assumptions, including hiring of additional skilled personnel in a timely way to support continued development and commercialization
of the core products, timing of commercial launch of the ocean robotic systems, the level of demand for our ocean robotic systems, the
performance of our ocean robotic systems, the utilization of the ocean robot fleet, commercial interest in the RaaS subscription model,
the useable life of the ocean robotic systems, cost of manufacturing, cost of components and availability of adequate supply, the nature
and length of the sales cycle, maintenance and servicing costs and the costs of refurbishing the ocean robotic systems. However, given
our limited commercial experience, it is likely that many of these assumptions will prove incorrect. The projections are forward-looking
statements that are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. See Risk
Factors , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . Whether actual operating and financial results
and business developments will be consistent with our expectations and assumptions as reflected in our forecast depends on a number of
other factors, many of which are outside our control, including, but not limited to: 

whether we can obtain sufficient capital to sustain and grow
our business; 

our ability to manage our growth; 

15 

the contractual terms of one or more agreements with third-party
manufacturers; 

whether we can manage relationships with key suppliers and partners; 

the timing and costs of the required marketing and promotional
efforts; 

the timing and cost of each sale or RaaS subscription; 

whether customers and their employees will adopt the ocean robotic
systems offered by us; 

the timing required and success of customer testing of our technology; 

competition, including from established and future competitors; 

our ability to retain existing key management, to attract additional
leaders, to integrate recent hires and to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel, including engineers, design and production
personnel, and service technicians; 

the overall strength and stability of domestic and international
economies; 

demand for currently available and future ocean robots; 

regulatory, legislative, and political changes; and 

customer requirements and preferences. 

Unfavorable changes in any
of these or other factors, most of which are beyond our control, could cause us to fail to meet our operating and financial projections
and could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

We rely on third-party manufacturers/suppliers
and expect to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient
quantities of our products or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization
efforts. 

We rely, and expect to continue
to rely, on third-party manufacturers/suppliers. This reliance on third-party manufacturers/suppliers increases the risk that we will
not have sufficient quantities of our products or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development
or commercialization efforts. Additionally, we may be unable to establish or continue any agreements with third-party manufacturers/suppliers
or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers/suppliers, reliance on third-party
manufacturers/suppliers entails additional risks, including: 

failure of third-party manufacturers/suppliers to comply with
regulatory requirements and maintain quality assurance; 

breach of the manufacturing/supply agreement by the third party; 

failure to manufacture/supply our product according to our specifications; 

failure to manufacture/supply our product according to our schedule
or at all; 

misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our
trade secrets and know-how; and 

termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party
at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

If our current or future third-party
manufacturers/suppliers cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace such manufacturers/suppliers and we may be unable to replace
them on a timely basis or at all. Our current and anticipated future dependence upon third-party manufacturers/suppliers may adversely
affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any products that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive
basis. 

The wide-scale commercial RaaS launch of
our fleet, Aquanaut and Hydronaut, may be delayed beyond the end of 2023. 

We expect to commercially launch
our RaaS business model to the public at large in late 2023 or beyond. A delay in the delivery and readiness of our core product, Aquanaut,
due to the factors mentioned below would also delay the generation of revenue through the RaaS business model. Both Aquanaut and the subsequent
RaaS revenue stream may be delayed if the risks mentioned herein are not mitigated. Among the significant current challenges that could
delay the commercial launch are: 

The COVID-19 pandemic and general labor shortages of qualified
applicants has affected and may continue to affect our ability to recruit skilled employees to join our team, negatively affecting the
timeline. 

We and our suppliers are currently experiencing increases in
cost of and an interruption in the supply and shortage of materials. Due to the nature of our products, each unit contains several major
subsystem components. Difficulty securing any components and materials could result in delays in the production of these platforms, which
delays could be compounded if components or units require redesign. 

16 

Delays in the production of Aquanaut due to these challenges
also affect negotiations with third-party contract manufacturers, as such negotiations are more complicated if the units and/or components
are undergoing improvements. If we are unable to enter into definitive agreements or are only able to do so on terms that are less commercially
favorable to us, we may need to enhance our own manufacturing and production capabilities, which may impact our operating expenditures
and profitability. 

We have limited experience commercializing
our products at a large scale and may not be able to do so efficiently or effectively. 

Although we have sold products
to a limited number of individual customers in the past, we have limited experience commercializing ocean robotic systems at a large scale
and may not be able to do so efficiently or effectively. A key element of our long-term business strategy is the continued growth in sales,
marketing, training, customer service and maintenance, and servicing operations, including hiring personnel with the necessary experience.
Managing and maintaining these operations is expensive and time consuming, and an inability to leverage such an organization effectively
or at all could inhibit potential sales or subscriptions and the penetration and adoption of our products into new markets. In addition,
certain decisions we make regarding staffing in these areas in our efforts to maintain an adequate spending level could have unintended
negative effects on our revenues, such as by weakening the sales, marketing and maintenance and servicing infrastructures or lowering
the quality of customer service. 

Our business plans require a significant
amount of capital. Our future capital needs may require us to sell additional equity or debt securities that may dilute our stockholders
or introduce covenants that may restrict our operations or our ability to pay dividends. 

We will require significant
capital to operate our business and fund our capital expenditures for the next several years. While we expect that we will have sufficient
capital to fund our currently planned operations, it is possible that we will need to raise additional capital to fund our business, including
to finance ongoing research and development costs, manufacturing, any significant unplanned or accelerated expenses, and new strategic
alliances or acquisitions. The fact that we have limited experience commercializing our ocean robotic systems on a large scale, coupled
with the fact that our products represent a new product category in the commercial and industrial ocean robotic market, means we have
limited historical data on the demand for our robotic systems. In addition, we expect our capital expenditures to continue to be significant
in the foreseeable future as we continue generational improvements for our commercial products, and that our level of capital expenditures
will be significantly affected by customer demand for our ocean robotic systems. As a result, our future capital requirements may be uncertain
and actual capital requirements may be different from those we currently anticipate. We may need to seek equity or debt financing to finance
a portion of our capital expenditures. Such financing might not be available to us in a timely manner or on terms that are acceptable,
or at all. 

Our ability to obtain the necessary
financing to carry out our business plan is subject to a number of factors, including general market conditions and investor acceptance
of our business model. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms, and conditions of such financing unattractive or unavailable
to us. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we will have to significantly reduce our spending, delay or cancel our planned activities,
or substantially change our corporate structure. We might not be able to obtain any funding, and we might not have sufficient resources
to conduct business as projected, both of which could mean that we would be forced to curtail or discontinue our operations. 

In addition, our future capital
needs and other business reasons could require us to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. The sale of
additional equity or equity-linked securities could dilute our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased
debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. 

If we cannot raise additional
funds when we need or want them, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected. 

We may be unable to raise additional capital
needed to fund and grow our business. 

We may not be able to increase
our capital resources by engaging in additional debt or equity financings. Even if we complete such financings, they may not be on favorable
terms. These circumstances could materially and adversely affect our financial results and impair our ability to achieve our business
objectives. Additionally, we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness or take other
actions (including terms that require us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios) that would otherwise be in the best interests
of our stockholders. 

17 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by domestic and international financial
institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Actual events involving reduced
or limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect domestic and international financial institutions
or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events
of these kinds, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon
Valley Bank was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation as receiver. Although we did not have any cash or cash equivalent balances on deposit with Silicon Valley Bank, investor concerns
regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest
rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby
making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our
cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations
or fulfill our other obligations, or result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations. Any of these impacts, or any
other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material
adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. 

Our products and services are disruptive
to the ocean services industries, and important assumptions about the market demand, pricing, adoption rates and sales cycle, for our
current and future products and services may be inaccurate. 

Our core offering, our tether-less
surface and subsea robot pair, are a new service paradigm in the ocean services markets, which are currently dominated by conventional,
tethered devices with large surface vessels. The market demand for and adoption of our offering is unproven, and important assumptions
about the characteristics of targeted markets, pricing, and sales cycles may be inaccurate. Although we have engaged in ongoing dialogue
with potential customers, we have few binding commitments to purchase products and services, and no hard commitments to enter into RaaS
subscriptions. Existing or new regulatory or safety standards, or resistance by customer employees and labor unions, all of which are
outside of our control, could cause delays or otherwise impair adoption of these new technologies, which will adversely affect our growth,
financial position, and prospects. Given the evolving nature of the markets in which we operate, it is difficult to predict customer demand
or adoption rates for our products or the future growth of the markets we expect to target. If one or more of the targeted markets experience
a shift in customer or prospective customer demand, our products may not compete as effectively, if at all, and they may not be fully
developed into commercial products. As a result, the financial projections in this Annual Report on Form 10-K necessarily reflect various
estimates and assumptions that may not prove accurate and these projections could differ materially from actual results because of the
risks included in this Risk Factors section, among others. If demand does not develop as expected or if we cannot
accurately forecast pricing, adoption rates and sales cycle for our products, our business, results of operations and financial condition
will be adversely affected. 

With our service offering still being commercialized
on a large scale, we have limited current customers and no hard contracts for the RaaS offering, and there is no assurance that expected
customer demand will result in binding orders or subscriptions. 

We expect to launch our core
RaaS offering in late 2023 or beyond. This evaluation is based on the time to complete production of the initial commercial RaaS fleet.
With the initial fleet still under production, we have no binding commitments for our RaaS offering. At present, we have contracts for
delivery of pre-production units with U.S. government customers, and we also have had, and currently have, revenue-generating contracts
with both commercial and U.S. government customers. Pre-production means that the unit that has not gone through a subsequent design
evolution for mass production (defined as tens of units per year). Although we have engaged in dialogue (i.e., MOUs) with potential customers
about their interest in our offering, there is no assurance that expected customer trials and discussions will result in binding commitments.
There may be variability in the customer testing time that will be required to adopt our RaaS offering. As such, customer testing may
be longer than anticipated, and we may not be able to provide such testing to the satisfaction of prospective customers, which could result
in longer sales cycles and lower subscription revenue than anticipated. In addition, in order to build and maintain our business, we must
maintain confidence among customers, suppliers, analysts, ratings agencies and other parties in our ocean robotic systems, long-term financial
viability and business prospects. Maintaining such confidence may be particularly complicated by certain factors including those that
are largely outside of our control, such as our limited commercial experience, customer unfamiliarity with our products, any delays in
scaling production, inability of delivery and service operations to meet demand, competition, and uncertainty regarding the future of
ocean robotics. If we do not receive a sufficient number of binding orders for our products or RaaS subscriptions, our business, prospects,
financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

The benefits of our products to customers
and projected return on investment have not been substantiated through long-term trials or use. 

Our core products benefits
to customers and projected return on investment have not been substantiated through long-term trials or use. We currently have a limited
frame of reference by which to evaluate the performance of our ocean robotic systems upon which our business prospects depend. There can
be no assurance that such units will provide the expected benefit to customers. Our ocean robotic systems may not perform consistently
with customers expectations or consistently with other robotics products which may become available. Any failure of our robotic
systems and software to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery delays,
product recalls, product liability claims, and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on our
business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Additionally, problems and defects experienced by competitors or others
in the ocean robotics market could, by association, have a negative impact on perception and customer demand for our ocean robotic systems. 

18 

We may fail to attract or retain customers
for our RaaS business model at sufficient rates or at all. 

We have limited experience
commercializing our RaaS business model and may not be able to do so efficiently or effectively. Although we have engaged in ongoing dialogue
with potential future customers, there are currently no binding commitments with commercial customers to enter into RaaS agreements with
respect to our ocean services. To grow our customer base, we must achieve binding commitments from expected customers and add new customers,
which we may not be able to do in sufficient numbers or at all. Even if we are able to attract customers, these customers may not maintain
a high level of commitment to our products and services. In addition, we will incur marketing, sales, or other expenses, including referral
fees, to attract new customers, which will offset revenues from such customers. For these and other reasons, we could fail to achieve
revenue growth, which could adversely affect our results of operations, prospects, and financial condition. 

If customers or their employees
do not perceive our product and service offerings to be of value, we may not be able to attract and retain customers and customers may
fail to purchase additional units or renew their RaaS subscriptions. If our efforts to satisfy and retain our existing customers are not
successful, we may not be able to attract customers, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely
affected. Customers may fail to purchase additional units or cancel our subscription/contracts for many reasons including inadequate customer
service or maintenance and servicing issues that are not satisfactorily resolved. Customer retention will also be largely dependent on
the quality and effectiveness of our customer service and maintenance and servicing operations, which may be handled internally by our
personnel and also by third-party service providers. Outsourcing of certain customer service and claims administration or maintenance
and servicing functions may reduce our ability to ensure consistency in our overall customer service processes. If we are unable to successfully
retain existing customers and attract new customers, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be adversely
affected. 

Even if we successfully market our products
and services, the purchase or subscription, adoption, and use of the products and services may be materially and negatively impacted if
our customers resist the use and adoption of the products and services. 

We have designed and developed
our robotic systems with the goal of reducing operating costs and greenhouse gases via smaller surface vessels and all-electric robot
subsystems. Even if we successfully market our products and services to customers, the purchase or subscription, adoption, and use of
the products and services may be materially and negatively impacted if our customers resist or delay the use and adoption of these new
technology products and services. Customers may resist or delay the adoption of our products and services for several reasons, including
lack of confidence in autonomous and semi-autonomous ocean vehicles. We will spend significant time and resources on beta units of our
Aquanaut for customer testing. If our customers resist or delay adoption of our ocean robotic platforms, our business, prospects, financial
condition, and operating results will be materially and adversely affected. 

Our RaaS subscription model (planned for
future commercial services but yet to be implemented) has yet to be tested and may fail to gain commercial acceptance. 

Our ability to derive revenue
from our products depends on our ability to successfully market our products and develop a network of ongoing customers for our new RaaS
revenue model. Investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by a new business model, many of which are beyond our
control, including substantial risks and expenses while establishing or entering new markets, setting up operations, and undertaking marketing
activities. There can be no assurance that customers will perceive benefits to the RaaS subscription model. 

Because we will continue to
own units while they are used by the customers, we will be subject to risks associated with ongoing ownership of the units, including
the risks of deterioration, damage or theft, and higher maintenance and servicing costs. All of these could result in higher costs to
us and could lead to customer dissatisfaction. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of these risks, expenses, complications,
delays, and the competitive environment in which we operate. There is, therefore, nothing at this time upon which to base an assumption
that our RaaS business model will prove successful. 

If we are successful in commercializing
our products and services, our revenue will be concentrated in a limited number of models for the foreseeable future. 

If we are successful in commercializing
our products and services, our revenue will be concentrated in a limited number of models for the foreseeable future. We launched the
Aquanaut platform in 2021 and expect to launch the commercial production versions of the Aquanaut robotic system under the RaaS business
model in late 2023 or 2024. This timeline may be delayed due to challenges in recruiting skilled employees, difficulties in securing components
and materials, development delays, difficulties relating to manufacturing of the units, and other factors. Such challenges may result
in the delay of anticipated commercial launch of one or more of the products and services, which would adversely affect our financial
and operating results. To the extent our products and services do not meet customer expectations, or cannot be completed or manufactured
or delivered on their projected timelines and in line with cost and volume targets, our future sales and operating results may be adversely
affected. Given that for the foreseeable future our business will depend on a limited number of product models, to the extent a particular
product model is not well-received by the market, our revenue could be materially and adversely affected. This could have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

19 

We may not be able to complete or enhance
our product and service offerings through our research and development efforts. 

To commercially launch the
RaaS business model, we will need to continue to advance and evolve our products in response to the evolving demands of our
customers in the various industries we expect to serve. We expect to launch a newer version of the Aquanaut, a mobile subsea robotic system,
in 2023, which will require significant additional expenses, and we may not be successful in commercializing or marketing the associated
products and services at all or within the currently expected timeline. 

In addition, notwithstanding
our market research efforts, our future products and services may not be accepted by customers or their employees. The success of any
proposed product and service offerings will depend on numerous factors, including our ability to: 

attract, recruit and retain qualified personnel, including engineers,
design and production personnel and service technicians; 

identify the preferred product and service features in multiple
industries, such as offshore wind energy, defense, and subsea oil and gas and successfully incorporate those features into our products; 

develop and introduce proposed products and services in sufficient
quality and quantities and in a timely manner; 

adequately protect our intellectual property and avoid infringing
upon the intellectual property rights of third parties; and 

demonstrate the cost savings and efficacy of the proposed products
and services. 

We have managed and expect
to continue to manage our product development efforts through the development of alpha units, beta units, and commercial units. If we
fail to adequately communicate to customers the improvements that are expected from one development stage to the next, or if customer
feedback from one development stage is not adequately reflected in the next, customers may not be persuaded of the value of our products
and services. If we fail to generate demand by developing products that incorporate features desired by customers, we may fail to generate
RaaS subscriptions sufficient to achieve or maintain profitability. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience,
delays in various phases of product development, including during research and development, manufacturing, limited release testing, marketing,
and customer education efforts. Further, delays in product development would postpone demonstrations and customer testing, important opportunities
for customer engagement, and cause us to miss expected timelines. Such delays could cause customers to delay or forgo purchases of or
subscriptions to our products and services, or to purchase or subscribe for competitors products and services. Even if we can successfully
develop proposed products when anticipated, these products and their related services may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of
development and service, and they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by competitors
of products and services embodying new technologies or features. If we are unable to successfully manage our product development and communications
with customers, customers may choose to not adopt, to cancel, or to not renew RaaS subscriptions, which would adversely affect our business,
prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

Defects, glitches, or malfunctions in our
products or the software that operates them, failure of our products to perform as expected, connectivity issues or operator errors, result
in product recalls, lower than expected return on investment for customers, cause harm to operators and significant safety concerns, each
of which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and our reputation. 

The design, manufacture, and
marketing of our products involve certain inherent risks. Manufacturing or design defects, glitches, malfunctions, connectivity issues
between the central processing unit and peripheral vehicle subsystems, unanticipated use of our robotic systems, operator errors or inadequate
disclosure of risks relating to the use of ocean robotic systems, among others, can lead to injury, property damage, or other adverse
events. We conduct extensive testing of our units, in some instances in collaboration with our customers, to ensure that any such issues
can be identified and addressed in advance of commercial launch of the products. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able
to identify all such issues or that, if identified, efforts to address them will be effective in all cases. 

In addition, if the manufacturing
of our products is outsourced, we may not be aware of manufacturing defects that could occur. Such adverse events could lead to unexpected
failures in our products and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of our products from the market. A product recall could result
in significant costs. To the extent any manufacturing defect occurs, our agreement with the third-party manufacturer may contain a limitation
on the third-party manufacturer s liability, and therefore we could be required to incur the majority of related costs. Product
defects or recalls could also result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation or, in the event of regulatory developments, delays
in new product acceptance. 

Our products incorporate sophisticated
computer software. Complex software frequently contains errors, especially when first introduced. Our software may experience errors or
performance problems in the future. If any part of our products hardware or software were to fail, the service mission could be
compromised. Additionally, users may not use our products in accordance with safety protocols and training, which could amplify the risk
of failure. Customers and users also may fail to install updates and fixes to the software for several reasons, including poor connectivity
or inattention. Any such occurrence could cause delay in market acceptance of our products, damage to our reputation, product recalls,
increased service and warranty costs, product liability claims and loss of revenue relating to such hardware or software defects. 

20 

We anticipate that as part
of our ordinary course of business, we may be subject to product liability claims alleging defects in the design or manufacture of our
products. A product liability claim, regardless of our merit or eventual outcome, could result in significant legal defense costs and
high punitive damage payments. Although we maintain product liability insurance, the coverage is subject to deductibles and limitations,
and may not be adequate to cover future claims. Additionally, we may be unable to maintain our existing product liability insurance in
the future at satisfactory rates or adequate amounts. 

Even if our products perform properly and
are used as intended, if operators sustain any injuries while using our products, we could be exposed to liability and our results of
operations, financial condition, and our reputation may be adversely affected. 

Our products contain complex
technology and must be used as designed and intended in order to operate safely and effectively. While we expect to develop a training,
customer service and maintenance and servicing infrastructure to ensure users are equipped to operate our products in a safe manner, we
cannot be sure that the products will ultimately be used as designed and intended. In addition, we cannot be sure that we will be able
to predict all the ways in which use or misuse of the products can lead to injury or damage to property, and our training resources may
not be successful at preventing all incidents. If operators were to sustain any injuries or cause any damage to property while using our
products, in a manner consistent with our training and instructions or otherwise, we could be exposed to liability and our results of
operations, financial condition and our reputation may be adversely affected. 

We have no experience maintaining or servicing
our products at a large scale. 

Under the RaaS subscription
(planned for future commercial services but yet to be implemented) or conventional service contract model, we will be responsible for
maintenance and servicing of the units. However, we have no experience providing maintenance and servicing on a global scale. We may elect
to partner with one or more third parties to perform some or all of the servicing and maintenance on our products, but there can be no
assurance that we will be able to enter into an acceptable arrangement with any such third-party provider. Although such servicing partners
may have experience in servicing complex machinery, they will initially have limited experience in servicing our ocean vehicles. If we
are unable or elect not to enter into a partnership with third parties to perform maintenance and servicing, we would be required to provide
such services directly, which would significantly increase our capital expenditures and personnel costs. We would also be required to
recruit and train employees to provide these services and we may not be able to attract persons with the necessary knowledge or experience
to provide these services. Delays in implementing a maintenance and servicing infrastructure may significantly delay new RaaS subscriptions
due to smaller than expected maintenance and servicing capacity. 

In addition, there can be no
assurance that our service and maintenance arrangements will adequately address the service and maintenance requirements of our customers
to their satisfaction, or that we and our servicing partners will have sufficient resources, experience or inventory to meet these service
requirements in a timely manner as the volume of robotic systems we deliver increases. Even if we and our servicing partners have the
sufficient resources and experience needed, they still may not adequately service or maintain the units. If we are unable to, directly
or through third-party partners, roll out and establish a widespread service network, including on-site services, customer satisfaction
could be adversely affected, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our reputation and thus our sales, results of operations
and prospects. 

Our customers will also depend
on our customer support team to resolve technical and operational issues relating to the integrated software underlying our ocean robotic
systems. In addition, the RaaS subscription model will require Nauticus to cover costs relating to servicing and maintenance of the robotic
systems. Customer behavior and usage may result in higher than expected maintenance and repair costs. Moreover, if RaaS customers do not
pay the subscription fee while the units are out of service, there could be an adverse impact on our financial condition and operating
results. 

As we continue to grow, additional
pressure may be placed on our customer support team or partners, and we may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term
increases in customer demand for technical support. We also may be unable to modify the future scope and delivery of our technical support
to compete with changes in the technical support provided by our competitors. Increased customer demand for support, without corresponding
revenue, could increase costs and negatively affect our operating results. If we are unable to successfully address the service requirements
of our customers or establish a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, we may be subject to claims from our customers,
including loss of revenue or damages, and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely
affected. 

Our ability to manufacture products of sufficient
quality on schedule is unproven, and delays in the design, production and launch of our products could harm our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results. 

Our future business depends
in large part on our ability to execute our plans to design, develop, manufacture, market, deploy and service our products. We intend
to outsource the manufacturing of our ocean robotic systems to a third-party manufacturing partner. While this arrangement may lower operating
costs, it also reduces our direct control over production and manufacturing. Such diminished control may have an adverse effect on the
quality or quantity of our units, or our flexibility to respond to changing conditions. 

21 

We also plan to retain third-party
vendors and service providers to engineer, design and test some of the critical systems and components of our units. While this allows
us to draw from such third parties industry knowledge and expertise, there can be no assurance such systems and components will
be successfully developed to our specifications or delivered in a timely manner to meet our program timing requirements. 

Our continued development and
manufacturing of our commercially available robotic system, Aquanaut, and our future models, including Argonaut, are and will be subject
to risks, including with respect to: 

costs to be incurred by us and/or any third-party manufacturing
partner or partners in meeting our specifications and design tolerances; 

the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other pandemics,
epidemics or outbreaks; 

hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees.
We have historically been understaffed due to these challenges; 

long- and short-term durability of our ocean robotic systems
to withstand day-to-day wear and tear; 

delays in delivery of final systems and components by our suppliers; 

manufacturing of robotic systems units in excess of demand due
to contractual requirements or unexpected changes in demand; 

shifts in demand for future models; 

quality controls, particularly as we plan to expand our production
capabilities; 

delays or disruptions in our supply chain, or the need to order
supplies in excess of demand due to batch number requirements or price thresholds; 

work stoppages, labor strikes and other labor disputes affecting
us or our suppliers, third-party manufacturers and other partners; and 

other delays and cost overruns. 

We are or may be subject to risks associated
with strategic alliances or acquisitions and may not be able to identify adequate strategic relationship opportunities, or form strategic
relationships, in the future. 

We may seek to enter into strategic
alliances, joint ventures, minority equity investments, acquisitions, collaborations and in-license arrangements. There is no guarantee
that any of these partnerships or acquisitions would lead to any binding agreements or lasting or successful business relationships with
third parties. If any of these relationships are established, they may subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with
sharing proprietary information, non-performance by the third party, and increased expenses in establishing new relationships, any of
which may materially and adversely affect our business. We may have limited ability to monitor or control the actions of these third parties
and, to the extent any of these strategic third parties suffers negative publicity or harm to their reputation from events relating to
their business, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with any such third party. 

Strategic business relationships
will be an important factor in the growth and success of our business. However, there are no assurances that we will be able to identify
or secure suitable business relationship opportunities in the future or our competitors may capitalize on such opportunities before we
do. Moreover, identifying such opportunities could require substantial management time and resources, and negotiating and financing relationships
involves significant costs and uncertainties. If we are unable to successfully source and execute on strategic relationship opportunities
in the future, our overall growth could be impaired, and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially
adversely affected. 

When appropriate opportunities
arise, we have in the past, and may in the future acquire additional assets, products, technologies or businesses that are complementary
to our existing business. From time to time, the sellers of these assets, products and technologies or business may retain limited rights
to the technology that they sell to us, which in some circumstances could allow the sellers to compete with us in a limited fashion. In
addition to possible stockholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for the acquisitions
and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay and costs, and may disrupt our business
strategy if we fail to do so. Furthermore, acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own require
significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could
have an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we
expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the
occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for other intangible assets and exposure to potential unknown
liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions may be significant. 

22 

We are highly dependent on the services
of our senior management and other key employees and, if we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees,
our ability to design, manufacture and launch our products, operate our business and compete could be harmed. 

Our success depends, in part,
on our ability to retain our key personnel. We expect that we will be required to increase compensation levels of senior management and
key employees to remain competitive with our peers. The unexpected loss of or failure to retain one or more of our senior managers or
other key employees could delay product development and require outsourcing to third parties, each of which in turn could adversely affect
our business. Our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, attract, train and develop other highly
qualified personnel. Experienced and highly skilled employees are in high demand and competition for these employees can be intense, and
our ability to hire, attract and retain them depends on our ability to provide competitive compensation. We may not be able to attract,
assimilate, develop or retain qualified personnel in the future, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business, including
the execution of our strategy. Any failure by our management team and our employees to perform as expected may have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

Our management as a group has limited experience
in operating a public company. 

Our management team may not
successfully or effectively manage our transition to a public company that will be subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting
obligations under federal securities laws. Our executive officers as a group have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded
company. Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant
disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities which will result in less
time being devoted to the management and growth of the post-combination company. We will need to recruit additional persons to join our
management team in order to handle the increased demands of running a public company, but our efforts may not be successful. We may not
have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal
control over financial reporting required of public companies. Any failure by our management team to perform as expected may have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

We will incur significant increased expenses
and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results. 

We will incur significant legal,
accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, and these expenses may increase even more after we are no longer
an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well
as rules adopted, and to be adopted, by the SEC and Nasdaq. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount
of time to these compliance initiatives. It is possible that we will be required to expand our employee base and hire additional employees
to support our operations as a public company, which will increase our operating costs in future periods. Moreover, we expect these rules
and regulations to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and
costly. The increased costs will increase our net loss. For example, we expect it to become more difficult and more expensive for us to
obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be forced to incur substantially higher costs to obtain appropriate coverage.
We cannot accurately predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur. The impact of being a public company could
also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board, our board committees or as executive
officers. Such increased expenses and administrative burdens involved in operating as a public company could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

Ongoing impacts from COVID-19 or another
pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease may materially and adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results. 

The global spread of COVID-19
and its variants such as the omicron variant have created significant market volatility and economic uncertainty and disruption during
2021 and continuing into 2022. We were adversely affected by the deterioration and increased uncertainty in the macroeconomic outlook
as a result of the impact of COVID-19. We have experienced and may continue to experience disruptions in our supply chain, due in part
to the global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Depending upon the duration of the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated
business interruptions, our customers, suppliers, manufacturers and partners may suspend or delay their engagements with us, which could
result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to meet current timelines. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic
has affected and may continue to affect our ability to recruit skilled employees to join our team. The conditions caused by the COVID-19
pandemic have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect, among other things, demand for our products and the ability to
test and assess our robotic systems with potential customers any of which adversely affects our business, results of operations and financial
condition. The duration and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts cannot be accurately predicted at this time, and the ultimate
direct and indirect impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments that are
highly uncertain. 

23 

The ongoing military action between Russia
and Ukraine could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

On February 24, 2022, Russian
military forces launched a military action in Ukraine, and sustained conflict and disruption in the region are likely. Although the length,
impact and outcome of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict could lead to significant market
and other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets,
supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences as well as increases in cyberattacks
and espionage. 

Russia s recognition
of two separatist republics in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine and subsequent military action against Ukraine have led to an
unprecedented expansion of sanction programs imposed by the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Canada, Switzerland,
Japan and other countries against Russia, Belarus, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic and the
so-called Luhansk People s Republic, including, among others: 

blocking sanctions against some of the largest state-owned and
private Russian financial institutions (and their subsequent removal from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT payment system) and certain Russian businesses, some of which have significant financial and trade ties to the
European Union; 

blocking sanctions against Russian and Belarusian individuals,
including the Russian President, other politicians and those with government connections or involved in Russian military activities;
and 

blocking of Russia s foreign currency reserves as well
as expansion of sectoral sanctions and export and trade restrictions, limitations on investments and access to capital markets and bans
on various Russian imports. 

While we do not currently have
operations in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus, we are nevertheless actively monitoring the situation in Ukraine and assessing its impact on
our business, including our business partners and customers. To date we have not experienced any material interruptions in our infrastructure,
supplies, technology systems or networks needed to support our operations. We have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the conflict
in Ukraine or its impacts in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus as the conflict, and any resulting government reactions, are rapidly developing
and beyond our control. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant
and could potentially have substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. Any of the abovementioned
factors could affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other
risks described herein. 

We may become subject to new or changing
governmental regulations relating to the design, manufacturing, marketing, distribution, servicing, or use of our products, including
as a result of climate change, and a failure to comply with such regulations could lead to withdrawal or recall of our products from the
market, delay our projected revenues, increase cost, or make our business unviable if we are unable to modify our products to comply. 

We may become subject to new
or changing international, federal, state and local regulations, including laws relating to the design, manufacturing, marketing, distribution,
servicing or use of our products. Such laws and regulations may require us to pause sales and modify our products, which could result
in a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial condition. Such laws and regulations can also give rise to liability, such
as fines and penalties, property damage, bodily injury and cleanup costs. Capital and operating expenses needed to comply with laws and
regulations can be significant, and violations may result in substantial fines and penalties, third-party damages, suspension of production
or a cessation of our operations. Any failure to comply with such laws or regulations could lead to withdrawal or recall of our products
from the market. 

Climate change laws and environmental regulations
could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for our products and services. 

Concerns over environmental
pollution and climate change have produced significant legislative and regulatory efforts on a global basis, and we believe this will
continue both in scope and in the number of countries participating. These changes could directly increase the cost of energy, which may
have an effect on the way we manufacture products or utilize energy to produce our products. In addition, any new regulations or laws
in the environmental area might increase the cost of raw materials or key components we use in our products. Environmental regulations
may require us to reduce product energy usage, monitor and exclude an expanding list of restricted substances and to participate in compulsory
recovery and recycling of our products or components. We are unable to predict how any future changes will impact us and if such impacts
will be material to our business. 

Further, climate change laws,
environmental regulations, and other similar measures may have an effect on the operating activities of our customers, which may, in turn,
reduce the demand for our products and services. To the extent increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the Earth s atmosphere
may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods
and other climatic events, such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company and potentially subject the Company to further
regulation. 

24 

We may experience significant delays in
the design, development, production and launch of our ocean robotic systems, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results. 

Our core products, including
the Argonaut, Aquanaut, Olympic Arm and ToolKITT, are currently offered through direct sales and will be offered for lease through RaaS
when available, we expect that the nature of these products will require continuous improvements and further testing throughout their
product and generational lifecycle in order to innovate and develop these products fully. Manufacturing and deliveries of the Aquanaut,
to public commercial clients, are not expected to begin until early 2023, and may occur later or not at all. Such timeline may be delayed,
including due to challenges in recruiting skilled employees, difficulties in securing components and materials, development delays, difficulties
relating to manufacturing of the units and other factors. Any delay in the design, development, production and release of our products
could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We may experience delays in the design,
development, production and release of new products, including due to integration, safety and performance issues. To the extent we delay
the commercial launch of our ocean robotic systems, our growth prospects and operating results will likely be adversely affected. 

We have no experience to date in high-volume
manufacturing of our products, nor do we have the facility, employees, or equipment needed to manufacture our products in high volume. 

We intend to enter into contracts
with one or more third-party manufacturers to produce our ocean vehicles. We do not know whether our future third-party manufacturers
will be able to develop efficient, automated, low-cost production capabilities and processes and reliable sources of component supply,
that will enable us to meet the quality, price, engineering, design and production standards, as well as the production volumes, required
to successfully market our robotic systems. Even if we and our third-party manufacturers are successful in developing our production capability
and processes and reliably source our components, we do not know whether we will be able to do so in a manner that avoids significant
delays and cost overruns, including as a result of factors beyond our control such as problems with suppliers and vendors, or force majeure
events, or in time to meet our unit commercialization schedules or to satisfy the requirements of customers and potential customers. 

If we are unable to enter into
agreements with third-party manufacturers on acceptable terms, we will need to develop our own manufacturing and production capabilities,
significantly increasing our capital expenditures and delaying production of our ocean robotic systems. If this were to occur, we would
need raise or borrow additional money, which may not be successful, and possibly change the anticipated pricing of our RaaS subscription
model, which would adversely affect our margins and cash flows. 

Any failure to develop production
processes and capabilities within our projected costs and timelines could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results. 

The period of time from initial design of
our products to obtaining binding purchase commitments from customers is long and we are subject to the risk that customers who initially
expressed an interest in our products during the design phase will not enter into binding commitments. 

Our products contain complex
technology that requires multiple years of engineering and design. Therefore, the period of time from initial design of our products
to obtaining binding purchase commitments from customers is long and we are subject to the risk that customers who initially expressed
an interest in our products during the design phase will not enter into binding commitments. Our design of our products is significantly
influenced by feedback from potential customers and reflect the needs they expressed. As a result, adapting our products to other industries
or customers may require additional design, development, testing, work and expenses. We cannot be sure that we will be able to adapt our
products to reflect such feedback successfully or at all. If customers who initially express an interest in our proposed products and
influenced their design ultimately decide to not enter into binding commitments or to adopt a competitor s technology, our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. 

Our ability to control costs and liabilities
is dependent on developing sufficient screening criteria for our RaaS customers. 

Our ability to realize revenue
and reduce liability related to our RaaS subscription model (planned for future commercial services but yet to be implemented) is heavily
dependent on our ability to effectively screen customers for high-risk activities or environments that could result in higher costs for
us. We have limited experience with our RaaS subscription model, a service planned for future commercial use but yet to be implemented,
and may not be able to develop effective customer screening criteria. We may need to rely on third-party service providers to develop
effective screening criteria, which will result in additional cost to us. Our screening criteria may also need to be adjusted over time
to satisfy requirements under applicable law, from our insurers, lenders or from other third-party service providers. We must balance
the need to develop effective screening criteria with our need to attract new customers or market to different industry segments. 

25 

Our business and prospects depend significantly
on our ability to build the Nauticus brand. We may not succeed in continuing to establish, maintain and strengthen the Nauticus brand,
and our brand and reputation could be harmed by negative publicity regarding us or our products. 

Our business and prospects
are heavily dependent on our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the Nauticus brand. If we do not continue to establish, maintain
and strengthen our brand, we may lose the opportunity to build a critical mass of customers. Promoting and positioning our brand will
likely depend significantly on our ability to provide high quality products and engage with our customers as intended. In addition, our
ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the Nauticus brand may depend on the acceptance of our products by employees of our customers.
To promote our brand, we may be required to change our customer development and branding practices, which could result in substantially
increased expenses, including the need to use traditional media including print media. If we do not develop and maintain a strong brand,
our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially and adversely impacted. 

In addition, if incidents occur
or are perceived to have occurred, whether or not such incidents are our fault, we could be subject to adverse publicity. In particular,
given the popularity of social media, any negative publicity, whether true or not, could quickly proliferate and harm perceptions and
confidence in the Nauticus brand. Furthermore, there is the risk of potential adverse publicity related to our manufacturing or other
partners whether or not such publicity is related to their collaboration with us. Our ability to successfully position our brand could
also be adversely affected by perceptions about the quality of our competitors products. 

We are dependent on our suppliers, some
of which are currently single or limited source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary components of our
products at prices and volumes, performance and specifications acceptable to us, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results. We have not yet identified all of the suppliers that we are likely to rely on to
support any future commercialization of our core products. 

We rely on third-party suppliers
for the provision and development of many of the key components and materials used in our products. We have not yet identified all of
the suppliers, contractors and other third parties that we are likely to rely on to support any future commercialization of our core products.
While we plan to obtain components from multiple sources whenever possible, some of the components used in our products may have to be
purchased by us from a single source. If our third-party suppliers are unable to supply key components and materials at the required volume,
our sales, revenues and profitability will likely be adversely affected. Our third-party suppliers may also not be able to meet the specifications
and performance characteristics required by us, which would impact our ability to achieve our product specifications and performance characteristics
as well. Additionally, our third-party suppliers may be unable to obtain required certifications for their products for which we plan
to use or provide warranties that are necessary for our solutions. If we are unable to obtain components and materials used in our products
from our suppliers, our business would be adversely affected. 

We have less negotiating leverage
with suppliers than larger and more established companies and may not be able to obtain favorable pricing and other terms. For example,
agreements with suppliers may include terms that are unfavorable to us, such as requirements that we order components and manufacturing
units in excess of our demand due to batch number requirements or price thresholds. While we believe that we may be able to establish
alternate supply relationships and can obtain or engineer replacement components for our single source components, we may be unable to
do so in the short term, or at all, at prices or quality levels that are favorable to us, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

Moreover, we and our suppliers
are currently experiencing increases in the cost of, and an interruption in, the supply or shortage of materials. It is unclear how long
these challenges will remain. Due to the complexity of our products, each unit is expected to contain several thousand components. Difficulty
securing any components and materials could result in delays in the development of these core products, which delays could be compounded
if components or units require redesign or reengineering. Any sustained increase, supply interruption or shortage could therefore prevent
or delay the commercialization of our products and materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results. We and our suppliers use various materials in their businesses and products, including, for example, semiconductors, energy storage
materials, commodity materials and specialty metal alloys, and the prices for these materials fluctuate. The available supply of some
of these materials and components is currently and may continue to be unstable, depending on market conditions and global demand, and
could adversely affect our business and operating results. Risks relating to our supply chain include: 

Buy American or other similar requirements that
may be imposed on government contractors; 

an increase in the cost, or decrease in the available supply,
of semiconductor chips, electrical components, commodity materials and specialty alloys; 

disruption in the supply of lithium-ion batteries due to quality
issues or recalls; and 

fluctuations in the value of any foreign currencies in which
manufactured parts, commercial components and related raw material purchases are or may be denominated against the U.S. dollar. 

Our business is also dependent
on the continued supply of lithium-ion battery cells. While we believe several sources of cells are available, we have to date sourced
from only one supplier for our commercial production, and we may have limited flexibility in changing cell suppliers once contracted.
Any disruption in the supply of battery cells from such suppliers could disrupt production of our products. Furthermore, fluctuations
or shortages in raw materials or components and other economic conditions may cause us to experience significant increases in freight
charges and material costs. Substantial increases in the prices for our materials or prices charged to us, such as those charged by battery
cell suppliers, would increase our operating costs, and could reduce our margins if the increased costs cannot be recouped through increased
RaaS subscription offering or unit sales prices. Any attempts to increase product prices in response to increased material costs could
result in cancellations of orders and reservations and therefore materially and adversely affect our brand, image, business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results. 

26 

Our robotic systems use bespoke lithium-ion
battery cells, which, if not appropriately managed, controlled, or stored, could catch fire or vent smoke and flame. 

The battery packs within our
robotic systems use bespoke lithium-ion cells. If not properly managed or subject to environmental stresses, lithium-ion cells can rapidly
release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion
cells. While these battery packs are designed to contain any single cell s release of energy without spreading to neighboring cells,
a field or testing failure of battery packs in our robotic systems could occur, which could result in bodily injury or death and could
subject us to lawsuits, field actions (including product recalls), or redesign efforts, all of which would be time consuming and expensive
and could harm our brand image. Also, negative public perceptions regarding the suitability of lithium-ion cells for littoral or deep
sea applications, the social and environmental impacts of mineral mining or procurement associated with the constituents of lithium-ion
cells, or any future incident involving lithium-ion cells, such as a vehicle or other fire, could materially and adversely affect our
reputation and business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

In addition, we store lithium-ion
batteries at our facilities. While we store only a limited number of such batteries at our facilities commensurate with our inventory
and testing of robotic systems, any mishandling of battery cells, or any fire or other safety issue related to the cells, could disrupt
our operations, and any prolonged or significant disruption would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. Such damage or injury could also lead to adverse publicity, regulatory action, or a safety recall.
In addition, the transportation and effective storage of lithium-ion batteries is also tightly regulated by the U.S. Department of Transportation
and other regulatory bodies, and any failure to comply with such regulation could result in fines, loss of permits and licenses or other
regulatory consequences, which could limit our ability to manufacture and deliver our robotic systems and negatively affect our business,
prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Laws, regulations, and other legislative
efforts related to climate change, environmental concerns, and health and safety could result in increased operating costs, reduced demand
for our products and services, or the loss of future business. 

Concerns over environmental
pollution and climate change have produced significant legislative and regulatory efforts on a global basis, and we believe this will
continue both in scope and in the number of countries participating. These changes could directly increase the cost of energy, which may
have an effect on the way we manufacture products or utilize energy to produce our products. In addition, any new regulations or laws
in the environmental area might increase the cost of raw materials or key components we use in our products. Environmental regulations
may require us to reduce product energy usage, monitor and exclude an expanding list of restricted substances and to participate in compulsory
recovery and recycling of our products or components. We are unable to predict how any future changes will impact us and if such impacts
will be material to our business. 

Further, climate change laws,
environmental regulations, and other similar measures may have an effect on the operating activities of our customers, which may, in turn,
reduce the demand for our products and services. To the extent increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the Earth s atmosphere
may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods
and other climatic events, such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company and potentially subject the Company to further
regulation. 

We must also comply with extensive
government laws and regulations related to, among other things, health, safety and the environment, which govern the offshore and other
areas where our robotic systems operate, including vessel and port security laws. Since we have no prior history of offshore operations,
we may be unable to meet the compliance standards of such laws and regulations, and our inability to do so may cause us to lose prospective
business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, environmental, health and safety and vessel
and port security laws change frequently, and we may not be able to anticipate such changes or the impact of such changes. There is no
assurance that we can avoid significant costs, liabilities and penalties imposed as a result of governmental regulation in the future.
Changes in laws or regulations concerning our offshore activities, the cost or availability of insurance, and decisions by clients, governmental
agencies or other industry participants could reduce demand for our services or increase our costs of operations, which could have a negative
impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, but we cannot reasonably or reliably estimate that such changes
will occur, when they will occur or if they will impact us. 

Our potential transition to an outsourced
manufacturing business model may not be successful, which could harm our ability to deliver products and recognize revenue. 

We intend to transition from
a manufacturing model in which we primarily manufactured and assembled our products on a smaller scale at our existing Webster, Texas
location, to one where we rely on one or more third-party manufacturers. We are in negotiations with third parties to provide contract
manufacturing of our products. Moreover, we may not be able to contract with potential counterparties on commercially reasonable terms
or at all. We believe the use of third-party manufacturers will have benefits, but in the near term, while we are beginning manufacturing
with one or more new partners, we may lose revenue and incur increased costs. 

Reliance on third-party manufacturers
reduces our control over the manufacturing process, including reduced control over quality, product costs and product supply and timing.
We may experience delays in shipments or issues concerning product quality from our third-party manufacturers. If any of our third-party
manufacturers experience interruptions, delays or disruptions in supplying our products, including by natural disasters, the global COVID-19
pandemic, other health epidemics and outbreaks, or work stoppages or capacity constraints, our ability to ship products to distributors
and customers would be delayed. In addition, unfavorable economic conditions could result in financial distress among third-party manufacturers
upon which we rely, thereby increasing the risk of disruption of supplies necessary to fulfil our production requirements and meet customer
demands. While we take measures to protect our trade secrets, the use of third-party manufacturers may also risk disclosure of our innovative
and proprietary technologies, which could adversely affect our business. 

27 

Additionally, if any of our
future third-party manufacturers experience quality control problems in their manufacturing operations and our products do not meet customer
requirements, we could be required to recall the units or cover the cost of repair or replacement of any defective products. These delays
or product quality issues could have an immediate and material adverse effect on our ability to fulfill orders and could have a negative
effect on our operating results. In addition, such delays or issues with product quality could adversely affect our reputation and our
relationship with our customers. 

If any third-party manufacturers
experience financial, operational, manufacturing capacity or other difficulties, or experience shortages in required components, or if
they are otherwise unable or unwilling to continue to manufacture our products in required volumes or at all, our supply may be disrupted,
we may be required to seek alternate manufacturers and we may be required to re-design our products. It would be time-consuming, and could
be costly and impracticable, to begin to use new manufacturers and designs, and such changes could cause significant interruptions in
supply and could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet scheduled product deliveries and may subsequently lead to the loss of sales. 

If we are unable to contract with a third-party
manufacturing partner, we would need to develop our own manufacturing facilities, which may not be feasible and, if feasible, would significantly
increase our capital expenditures and operating expenditures, and would significantly delay or inhibit production of our robotic systems. 

We do not have a definitive
agreement with a third-party manufacturing partner to commercially manufacture our robotic ocean vehicles and we may be unable to enter
into such agreements with third-party manufacturing partners and other key suppliers for manufacturing on terms and conditions acceptable
to us. Although negotiations are continuing with potential counterparties, we may not be able to contract with potential counterparties
on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to enter into such definitive agreements or is only able to do so on terms
that are less commercially favorable to us, we may be unable to timely identify adequate strategic relationship opportunities, or form
strategic relationships, and consequently, we may not be able to fully carry out our business plans. There can be no assurance that we
would be able to partner with other third parties or establish our own production capacity to meet our needs on acceptable terms, or at
all. The expense and time required to complete any transition and to assure that robotic systems manufactured at facilities of new third-party
partners comply with our quality standards and regulatory requirements would likely be greater than currently anticipated. If we need
to develop our own manufacturing and production capabilities, which may not be feasible, it would significantly increase our capital and
operating expenditures and would significantly delay production of our robotic systems. This may require us to attempt to raise or borrow
additional money, which may not be successful. Also, it may require us to change the anticipated pricing of our RaaS subscription offering,
which would adversely affect our margins and cash flows. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on our statements about our production plans or
their feasibility in the timeframe anticipated, or at all. We may not be able to implement our business strategy in the timeframe anticipated,
or at all. 

We may be unable to adequately control the
costs associated with our operations. 

We will require significant
capital to develop and grow our business, including developing and producing our commercial robotic systems and other products, establishing
or expanding design, research and development, production, sales and maintenance and service facilities and building our brand. We have
incurred and expect to continue incurring significant expenses which will impact our profitability, including research and development
expenses, procurement costs, sales, marketing and distribution expenses as we build our brand and market our robotic systems, and general
and administrative expenses as we scale our operations, identify and commit resources to investigate new areas of demand and incur costs
as a public company. In addition, we may incur significant costs servicing, maintaining and refurbishing our robotic ocean vehicles, and
we expect that the cost to repair and service our robotic systems will increase over time as our vehicles age. Our ability to become profitable
in the future will not only depend on our ability to complete the design and development of our robotic vehicles to meet projected performance
metrics, identify and investigate new areas of demand and successfully market our robotic systems and RaaS subscription model, but also
to sell, whether outright or through subscriptions, our ocean systems at prices needed to achieve our expected margins and control our
costs, including the risks and costs associated with operating, maintaining and financing our robotic systems. If we are unable to efficiently
design, develop, manufacture, market, deploy, distribute and service our robotic systems in a cost-effective manner, our margins, profitability
and prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 

28 

We, any manufacturing partners, and suppliers
may rely on complex machinery for production, which involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational performance
and costs. 

We, any third-party manufacturing
partners, and suppliers may rely on complex machinery for the production and assembly of our robotic systems, which will involve a significant
degree of uncertainty and risk in terms of operational performance and costs. Our facilities, and those of any third-party manufacturing
partners and suppliers, consist or are expected to consist of large-scale machinery combining many components. These components may suffer
unexpected malfunctions from time to time and will depend on repairs and spare parts to resume operations, which may not be available
when needed. Unexpected malfunctions of these components may significantly affect the intended operational efficiency. Operational performance
and costs can be difficult to predict and are often influenced by factors outside of our or any third-party manufacturing partners 
and suppliers control, such as, but not limited to, scarcity of natural resources, environmental hazards and remediation, costs
associated with decommissioning of machines, labor disputes and strikes, difficulty or delays in obtaining governmental permits, damages
or defects in electronic systems, industrial accidents, fire, seismic activity and natural disasters. Should operational risks materialize,
they may result in the personal injury to or death of workers, the loss of production equipment, damage to production facilities, monetary
losses, delays and unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage, administrative fines, increased insurance costs and
potential legal liabilities, all which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results. 

We face risks related to natural disasters,
health epidemics and other outbreaks, which could significantly disrupt our operations. 

Our facilities or operations
or those of any third-party manufacturers or suppliers could be adversely affected by events outside of our or their control, such as
natural disasters, wars, health epidemics, and other calamities. Although we have servers that are hosted both onsite and at an offsite
location, our backup system runs nightly, but does not capture data on a real-time basis and we may be unable to recover certain data
in the event of a server failure. We cannot assure you that any backup systems will be adequate to protect us from the effects of fire,
floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, war, riots, terrorist attacks or similar events. Any
of the foregoing events may give rise to interruptions, breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures or internet failures,
which could cause the loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware as well as adversely affect our ability to provide
services. 

We currently target many customers that
are large corporations with substantial negotiating power, exacting product standards and potentially competitive internal solutions.
If we are unable to sell our products to these customers, our prospects and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

We expect that many of our
potential customers will be large, multinational corporations with substantial negotiating power relative to us and, in some instances,
may have internal solutions that are competitive to our products. These large, multinational corporations also have significant development
resources, which may allow them to acquire or develop independently, or in partnership with others, competitive technologies. Meeting
the technical requirements and securing binding commitments from any of these companies will require a substantial investment of our time
and resources. We cannot assure you that our products will secure binding commitments from these or other companies or that we will generate
meaningful revenue from the sales of our products to these key potential customers. If our products are not selected by these large corporations
or if these corporations develop or acquire competitive technology, there will be an adverse effect on our business. 

We operate in a competitive industry that
is subject to rapid technological change, and we expect competition to increase. 

Our product offerings compete
in a broad competitive landscape that includes incumbent actors, and emerging players in the blue technology markets, particularly companies
focused on deploying ocean services with large vessels, tethered hydraulic and hybrid-electric ROVs, survey and hovering AUVs, electric
platforms, remote monitoring, and other autonomy and perception technologies applied to adjacent ocean markets including autonomous shipping
and subsea mining. 

A breakdown of the competitive
landscape by Nauticus product area: 

our electric ocean robots and software platform compete with
other tethered hydraulic and electric ROVs and AUVs for performing inspection, maintenance, repair, and physical interventions of ocean
assets for sectors including offshore wind, oil gas, aquaculture, port management, and defense intel markets. 

our underlining autonomy software platform includes modern robotics
and automation technologies for autonomous navigation, manipulation, data orchestration and compression, behavior and mission execution
and could face additional competition from the automotive and aerospace sectors working to solve similar challenges in different markets.
At the most basic level, these software platforms are similar in nature and our software could also be reciprocated in additional markets
outside of the blue technologies and ocean services space. 

our RaaS model (a business model planned for future commercial
services but yet to be implemented) faces a varied competitive landscape that not only includes long established and largely undifferentiated
ocean services companies like Oceaneering International, Subsea7, and Saipem, but other emerging companies such as Ocean Infinity and
Reach Subsea that are bringing new approaches to the markets targeted by us and may evolve to a competitive stature in these markets.
We also face competition from bluetech software companies like Seebyte and Greensea, and as we expand markets, we could face more boarder
competition from autonomy software automotive companies diversify into the ocean markets like Toyota, Tesla, or Uber. 

our robotic platforms also compete with other unmanned vehicles
manufactures offered by companies such as Saab, Forum, and Mitsubishi and traditional automation and robotics companies like ABB and
Fanuc. These companies have products that are commercially available and in development. We expect some products currently in development
to become commercially available in the next few years and present a competitive threat to our products. 

29 

Our competitor base may change
or expand as we continue to develop and commercialize our robotic systems in the future. These or other competitors may develop new technologies
or products that provide superior results to customers or are less expensive than our products. Our technologies and products could have
reduced competitiveness by such developments. 

Our competitors may respond
more quickly to new or emerging technologies, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing
and other resources than we do, or may be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners. In addition,
potential customers could have long-standing or contractual relationships with competitors. Potential customers may be reluctant to adopt
our products, particularly if they compete with or have the potential to compete with, or diminish the need/utilization of products or
technologies supported through these existing relationships. If we are not able to compete effectively, our business, prospects, financial
condition, and operating results will be negatively impacted. 

In addition, because we operate
in a new market, the actions of our competitors could adversely affect our business. Adverse events such as product defects or legal claims
with respect to competing or similar products could cause reputational harm to the ocean robotics market on the whole and, accordingly,
our business. 

Our financial results may vary significantly
from period to period due to fluctuations in our operating costs, product demand and other factors. 

We expect our period-to-period
financial results to vary based on our operating costs and product demand, which we anticipate will fluctuate as the pace at which we
continue to design, develop and manufacture new robotic systems, increase production capacity and establish or expand design, research
and development, production, sales and service facilities. Additionally, our revenues from period to period may fluctuate as we identify
and investigate areas of demand, adjust volumes and add new product derivatives based on market demand and margin opportunities, develop
and introduce new robotic systems or introduce existing robotic system to new markets for the first time, as well as the introduction
of our RaaS subscription model (a business model planned for future commercial services that has yet to be implemented). As a result of
these factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results, especially in the short term, are not necessarily
meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. Moreover, our financial results may not
meet expectations of equity research analysts, ratings agencies or investors, who may be focused only on quarterly financial results.
If any of this occurs, the trading price of our securities following the Business Combination could fall substantially, either suddenly
or over time. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal controls, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be adversely
affected. 

We expect that the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq will continue to increase our legal, accounting
and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on personnel,
systems and resources. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires,
among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are
continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls, internal control over financial reporting and other procedures that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC are recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in reports under
the Exchange Act are accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are in the process of upgrading
our finance and accounting systems to an enterprise system suitable for a public company, and a delay could impact our ability or prevent
us from timely reporting our operating results, timely filing required reports with the SEC and complying with Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for us to achieve the level of accounting
standards required of a public company may require costs greater than expected. 

The current controls and any
new controls that we develop may be inadequate because of changes in conditions of our business. Further, weaknesses in our internal controls
have been identified in connection with the preparation of financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and
may be discovered in the future. During 2022, we filled positions of Senior Accountant and Accounts Receivable to remediate this weakness
in our internal controls. In addition, we added a Chief Financial Officer and transitioned one contract employee to Vice President of
Accounting to strengthen our internal controls and financial reporting. We are also strengthening internal controls over financial reporting
by implementing an ERP system, a software used to automate business processes, containing workflows and business rules that ensure process
is followed by approved policies, roles, and procedures. The Company expects to complete the ERP implementation, including the implementation
of fixed assets and other automation considerations, by second quarter 2023. 

The resulting fully integrated
system will enhance financial reporting and transactional interfaces. We will also add RaaS operations personnel as required when the
production Aquanauts are completed, commissioned, and put into service. Our management will make an assessment of these remediation steps
and add additional staff, if necessary to remediate the weakness. 

Any failure to develop or maintain
effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could adversely affect our operating results
or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any
failure to implement and maintain effective internal controls also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations
and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting that we are required to include in our periodic reports that we will file with the SEC under Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information. 

30 

In order to maintain and improve
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended and anticipate
that we will continue to expend significant resources, including accounting-related costs, and provide significant management oversight.
Any failure to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, or consequent inability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely
basis, could increase operating costs and could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate our business. If our internal controls
are perceived as inadequate or if we are perceived to be unable to produce timely or accurate financial statements, investors may lose
confidence in our operating results, and our stock price could decline. 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting until after
we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, the independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is
adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Any failure to maintain
effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

We have yet to achieve positive operating
cash flow and, given our projected funding needs, our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. 

We have had negative cash flow
from operating activities of 37.3 million and 7.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. We expect to
continue to have negative cash flow from operating and investing activities for the remainder of 2023. We expect to incur research and
development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses and make capital expenditures in our efforts to increase sales,
engage in development work and ramp up operations. Our business also will at times require significant amounts of working capital to build
inventory and support the growth of additional products. An inability to generate positive cash flow for the near term may adversely affect
our ability to raise needed capital for our business on reasonable terms, diminish supplier or customer willingness to enter into transactions
with us, and have other adverse effects that may decrease our long-term viability. There can be no assurance that we will achieve positive
cash flow in the near future or at all. 

Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards
and other tax attributes may be limited in connection with the Business Combination or other ownership changes. 

We have incurred losses during
our history and do not expect to become profitable in the near future and may never achieve profitability. To the extent that we continue
to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire. 

Under the Tax Act, as modified
by the CARES Act, U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards generated in taxable periods beginning after December 31, 2017,
may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such net operating loss carryforwards in taxable years beginning after
December 31, 2020, is limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the
Tax Act or the CARES Act. Suspensions or other restrictions on the use of net operating losses or tax credits, possibly with retroactive
effect, may result in our existing net operating losses or tax credits expiring or otherwise being unavailable to offset future income
tax liabilities. 

In addition, the net operating
loss carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. Under Sections
382 and 383 of the Code, these federal net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may become subject to an annual limitation
in the event of certain cumulative changes in our ownership. An ownership change pursuant to Section 382 of the Code
generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of a company s stock increase their ownership
by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. The ability of us to utilize
net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities may be limited as a result
of ownership changes, including potential changes in connection with the Business Combination or other transactions. Similar rules may
apply under state tax laws. We have not yet determined the amount of the cumulative change in our ownership resulting from the Business
Combination or other transactions, or any resulting limitations on our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and other
tax attributes. If we earn taxable income, such limitations could result in increased future income tax liability to us and our future
cash flows could be adversely affected. We have recorded a full valuation allowance related to our net operating loss carryforwards and
other deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits of those assets. 

We expect to incur substantial R D costs
and devote significant resources to identifying and commercializing new products, which could significantly reduce our profitability and
may never result in revenue to us. 

Our future growth depends on
penetrating new markets, adapting existing products to new applications and customer requirements, and introducing new products that achieve
market acceptance. We plan to incur substantial, and potentially increasing, R D costs as part of our efforts to design, develop,
manufacture, and commercialize new products and enhance existing products. Our R D expenses were 2.4 million and 3.5 million for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are likely to grow in the future. Because we account for R D as an operating
expense, these expenditures will adversely affect our results of operations in the future. Further, our R D program may not produce
successful results, and our new products may not achieve market acceptance, create additional revenue or become profitable. 

Litigation or legal proceedings could expose
us to significant liabilities and have a negative impact on our reputation or business. 

We may become subject to claims,
litigation, disputes and other legal proceedings from time to time. We evaluate these claims, litigation, disputes and other legal proceedings
to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. These assessments and estimates
are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes
or losses may differ materially from our assessments and estimates. 

31 

Under the terms of the engagement
letter executed between us and Cowen and Company, LLC Cowen ), we agreed to indemnify and hold harmless Cowen and its officers,
directors, employees and agents from and against any losses and claims arising in any manner out of or in connection with the services
that Cowen provided to us thereunder. Accordingly, if any claims, litigation, disputes or other legal proceedings are brought by third
parties against Cowen in relation to the services it provided to us, we will be liable to pay for or reimburse Cowen for the losses and
costs it incurs unless the losses and costs are finally judicially determined to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of Cowen or its officers, directors, employees and agents. 

Even when not merited or whether
or not we ultimately prevail, the defense of these lawsuits may divert management s attention, and we may incur significant expenses
in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or
settlements in some of these legal disputes may result in adverse monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us, which could
negatively impact our financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 

We are subject to evolving laws, regulations,
standards, policies, and contractual obligations related to data privacy and security laws and regulations, and our actual or perceived
failure to comply with such obligations could harm our reputation, subject us to significant fines and liability, or otherwise adversely
affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

We are subject to or affected
by a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations and industry standards, that impose certain
obligations and restrictions with respect to data privacy and security, and govern our collection, storage, retention, protection, use,
processing, transmission, sharing and disclosure of personal information, including that of our employees, customers and others. Most
jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities and others of security breaches involving
certain types of data. Such laws may be inconsistent or may change or additional laws may be adopted. In addition, our agreements with
certain customers may require us to notify them in the event of a security breach. Such mandatory disclosures are costly, could lead to
negative publicity, result in penalties or fines, result in litigation, may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness
of our security measures and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused
by the actual or perceived security breach. 

The global data protection
landscape is rapidly evolving, and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable
future. We may not be able to monitor and react to all developments in a timely manner. For example, California adopted the California
Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which became effective in January 2020. The CCPA establishes a privacy framework for covered
businesses, including an expansive definition of personal information and data privacy rights for California residents. The CCPA includes
a framework with potentially severe statutory damages and private rights of action. The CCPA requires covered businesses to provide new
disclosures to California residents, provide them new ways to opt-out of certain disclosures of personal information, and allow for a
new cause of action for data breaches. Additionally, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), was approved
by California voters in the November 3, 2020 election. The CPRA creates obligations relating to consumer data beginning on January 1,
2022, with implementing regulations expected on or before July 1, 2022, and enforcement beginning July 1, 2023. The CPRA significantly
modifies the CCPA, potentially resulting in further uncertainty. Some observers have noted that the CCPA could mark the beginning of a
trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. Other states have begun to propose and enact similar laws.
For example, Virginia has enacted the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, which provides for obligations similar to the CCPA, and which
will go into effect January 1, 2023. As we expand our operations, the CCPA, CPRA, and other laws and regulations relating to privacy
and data security may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Compliance with any applicable privacy and data security
laws and regulations is a rigorous and time-intensive process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to comply
with such laws and regulations. 

Additionally, as our international
presence expands, we may become subject to or face increasing obligations under laws and regulations in countries outside the United States,
many of which, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and national laws supplementing
the GDPR, as well as legislation substantially implementing the GDPR in the United Kingdom, are significantly more stringent than those
currently enforced in the United States. The GDPR requires companies to meet stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal
data of individuals located in the European Economic Area EEA ). The GDPR also includes significant penalties for noncompliance,
which may result in monetary penalties of up to the higher of 20 million or 4 of a group s worldwide turnover for the
preceding financial year for the most serious violations. The United Kingdom s version of the GDPR, the UK GDPR, which it maintains
along with its Data Protection Act (collectively, the UK GDPR ), also provides for substantial penalties that, for the most
serious violations, can go up to the greater of 17.5 million or 4 of a group s worldwide turnover for the preceding
financial year. Many other jurisdictions globally are considering or have enacted legislation providing for local storage of data or otherwise
imposing privacy, data protection and data security obligations in connection with the collection, use and other processing of personal
data. 

32 

We
publish privacy policies and other documentation regarding our collection, processing, use and disclosure of personal information and/or
other confidential information. Although we endeavor to comply with our published policies and other documentation, we may at times fail
to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance,
including if our employees, contractors, service providers or vendors fail to comply with our published policies and documentation. Such
failures can subject us to potential action by governmental or regulatory authorities if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative
of our actual practices. Any actual or perceived inability of us to adequately address privacy and security concerns or comply with applicable
laws, rules and regulations relating to privacy, data protection or data security, or applicable privacy notices, could lead to investigations,
claims, and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties, damages for contract breach, and other significant costs, penalties,
and other liabilities. Any such claims or other proceedings could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse
publicity. Any of the foregoing may have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We
are subject to cybersecurity risks to our operational systems, security systems, infrastructure, integrated software in our products
and data processed by us or third-party vendors. 

Our
business and operations involve the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of personal data and certain other sensitive and
proprietary data of collaborators, customers, and others. Additionally, we maintain sensitive and proprietary information relating to
our business, such as our own proprietary information and personal data relating to our employees. An increasing number of organizations
have disclosed breaches of their information security systems and other information security incidents, some of which have involved sophisticated
and highly targeted attacks. We may be a target for attacks by state-sponsored actors and others designed to disrupt our operations or
to attempt to gain access to our systems or data that is processed or maintained in our business. The ongoing effects of the COVID-19
pandemic have increased security risks due to personnel working remotely. 

We
are at risk for interruptions, outages and breaches of our: (a) operational systems, including business, financial, accounting,
product development, data processing or production processes, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (b) facility
security systems, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (c) transmission control modules or other in-product technology,
owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (d) the integrated software in our units; or (e) customer data that we
processes or that our third-party vendors or suppliers process on our behalf. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to
or to sabotage information systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate
or prevent these attacks, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventive measures, and may face delays in our detection or
remediation of, or other responses to, security breaches and other privacy-and security-related incidents. Such incidents could: materially
disrupt our operational systems; result in loss of intellectual property, trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive
information; compromise certain information of customers, employees, suppliers, or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities;
or affect the performance of in-product technology and the integrated software in our units. Certain efforts may be state-sponsored or
supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even more difficult to detect, remediate, and otherwise respond
to. 

We
plan to include product services and functionality that utilize data connectivity to monitor performance and timely capture opportunities
to enhance performance and for safety and cost-saving preventative maintenance. The availability and effectiveness of our services depend
on the continued operation of information technology and communications systems. Our systems will be vulnerable to damage or interruption
from, among others, physical theft, fire, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, power loss, war, telecommunications failures, viruses,
denial or degradation of service attacks, ransomware, social engineering schemes, insider theft or misuse or other attempts to harm our
systems. We intend to use our product services and functionality to log information about each unit s use in order to aid us in
diagnostics and servicing. Our customers may object to the use of this data, which may require us to implement new or modified data handling
policies and mechanisms, increase our unit maintenance costs and costs associated with data processing and handling, and harm our business
prospects. 

Although
we are in the process of implementing certain systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and systems within our control,
prevent data loss, and prevent other security breaches and security incidents, these security measures cannot guarantee security. The
IT and infrastructure used in our business may be vulnerable to cyberattacks or security breaches, and third parties may be able to access
data, including personal data and other sensitive and proprietary data of us and our customers, collaborators and partners, our employees 
personal data, or other sensitive and proprietary data, accessible through those systems. Employee error, malfeasance, or other errors
in the storage, use, or transmission of any of these types of data could result in an actual or perceived privacy or security breach
or other security incident. 

Moreover,
there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, expanding and updating our current systems, such as the disruption of
our data management, procurement, production execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. These risks may affect
our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, deploy, deliver and service our units, adequately
protect our intellectual property or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, applicable laws, regulations
and contracts. We cannot be sure that these systems upon which we rely, including those of our third-party vendors or suppliers, will
be effectively implemented, maintained or expanded as planned. If we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems
as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be impaired, and
deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results.
Moreover, our proprietary information or intellectual property could be compromised or misappropriated, and our reputation may be adversely
affected. If these systems do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections
or find alternative sources for performing these functions. 

33 

Any
actual or perceived security breach or security incident, or any systems outages or other disruption to systems used in our business,
could interrupt our operations, result in loss or improper access to, or acquisition or disclosure of, data or a loss of intellectual
property protection, harm our reputation and competitive position, reduce demand for our products, damage our relationships with customers,
partners, collaborators, or others, or result in claims, regulatory investigations, and proceedings and significant legal, regulatory,
and financial exposure, and any such incidents or any perception that our security measures are inadequate could lead to loss of confidence
in us and harm to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any
actual or perceived breach of privacy or security, or other security incident, impacting any entities with which we share or disclose
data (including, for example, our third-party technology providers) could have similar effects. We expect to incur significant costs
in an effort to detect and prevent privacy and security breaches and other privacy- and security-related incidents, and may face increased
costs and requirements to expend substantial resources in the event of an actual or perceived privacy or security breach or other incident. 

We
are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. We can face criminal liability and
other serious consequences for violations, which can harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

We
are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), the U.S. domestic
bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, and other anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering
laws in countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees,
business partners, third-party intermediaries, representatives, and agents from authorizing, promising, offering or providing, directly
or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to government officials, political candidates, political parties, or commercial
partners for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing an improper business advantage. 

We
have direct and indirect interactions with foreign officials, including in furtherance of sales to governmental entities in non-U.S. countries.
We sometimes leverage third parties to conduct our business abroad, and our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents
may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We
can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees or these third parties, even if we do not explicitly
authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. The FCPA and other applicable laws and regulations also require that we keep accurate
books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies
and procedures to address compliance with such laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, business partners, third-party
intermediaries, representatives, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be
ultimately held responsible. Our exposure for violating these laws increases as our international presence expands and as we increase
sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. 

Any
violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations,
substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, damages, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, imprisonment, the loss of
export or import privileges, suspension or debarment from government contracts, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation,
reputational harm and other consequences, any of which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results. In addition, responding to any investigation or action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention
and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 

We
are subject to governmental export and import controls and laws that could subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with such
laws. 

Our
products are subject to export control, import and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury
Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. Exports of our robotic systems and technology must be made in compliance with these
laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial
civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible
employees or managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. 

Moreover,
international sales of certain of our products are subject to U.S. laws, regulations and policies like the International Traffic
in Arms Regulations and other export laws and regulations and may be subject to first obtaining licenses, clearances or authorizations
from various regulatory entities. If we are not allowed to export our products or the clearance process is burdensome and costly, our
ability to generate revenue would be adversely affected. 

In
addition, changes to our ocean robotic systems, or changes in applicable export control, import, or economic sanctions laws and regulations
may create delays in the introduction and sale of our robotic systems and solutions or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of
our robotic systems to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. Compliance with such laws and regulations may also be costly
and require time and attention from our management. Any change in export, import, or economic sanctions laws and regulations, shift in
the enforcement or scope of existing laws and regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted
by such laws and regulations, could also result in decreased use of our robotic systems, as well as our decreased ability to export or
market our robotic systems to potential customers. Any decreased use of our robotic systems or limitation on our ability to export or
market our robotic systems would likely adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

34 

Our
management team will have broad discretion in making strategic decisions to execute their growth plans, and there can be no assurance
that our management s decisions will result in successful achievement of our business objectives or will not have unintended consequences
that negatively impact our growth prospects. 

Our
management will have broad discretion in making strategic decisions to execute their growth plans and may devote time and company resources
to new or expanded solution offerings, potential acquisitions, prospective customers or other initiatives that do not necessarily improve
our operating results or contribute to our growth. Management s failure to make strategic decisions that are ultimately accretive
to our growth may result in unfavorable returns and uncertainty about our prospects, each of which could cause the price of the Common
Stock to decline. 

As
part of growing our business, we have and may make acquisitions. If we fail to successfully select, execute, or integrate our acquisitions,
then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected, and our stock price could decline. 

Failure
to successfully identify, complete, manage and integrate acquisitions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and could cause our stock price to decline. 

From
time to time, we may undertake acquisitions to add new products and technologies, acquire talent, gain new sales channels, or enter into
new markets or sales territories. In addition to possible stockholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government
authorities for the acquisitions and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, and a failure to obtain such approvals and licenses
could result in delays and increased costs and may disrupt our business strategy. Furthermore, acquisitions and the subsequent integration
of new assets, businesses, key personnel, customers, vendors, and suppliers require significant attention from our management and could
result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired
assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of
cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover,
the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions may be significant. 

Any
acquisitions, partnerships, or joint ventures that we enter into could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

From
time to time, we may evaluate potential strategic acquisitions of businesses, including partnerships or joint ventures with third parties.
We may not be successful in identifying acquisition, partnership, and joint venture candidates. In addition, we may not be able to continue
the operational success of such businesses or successfully finance or integrate any businesses that we acquire or with which we form
a partnership or joint venture. We may have potential write-offs of acquired assets and/or an impairment of any goodwill recorded as
a result of acquisitions. Furthermore, the integration of any acquisition may divert management s time and resources from our core
business and disrupt our operations or may result in conflicts with our business. Any acquisition, partnership or joint venture may not
be successful, may reduce our cash reserves, may negatively affect our earnings and financial performance and, to the extent financed
with the proceeds of debt, may increase our indebtedness. Further, depending on market conditions, investor perceptions of us and other
factors, we might not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all, to implement any such transaction. We cannot ensure
that any acquisition, partnership, or joint venture we make will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

If
we are unable to adapt to and satisfy customer demands in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to grow our business may suffer. 

The
success of our business depends in part on effectively engineering and implementing technologies related to subsea and surface vessels,
ROVs, subsea robotic manipulators, and AI-based, full-stack vehicle control and manipulation software. These technologies are packaged
for commercial and defense customers in products that provide innovative solutions to challenges in all maritime markets including subsea
energy, offshore wind, and defense applications. If for any reason we are unable to continue to manufacture, design and develop technologies
as planned or provide the services and products that our customers expect from us, this could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. If our current or future product and service offerings do not meet expected performance
or quality standards, including with respect to customer satisfaction, this could cause operational delays. In addition, any delay in
manufacturing new products as planned could increase costs and cause our products and services to be less attractive to potential new
customers. Further, certain government bodies may have priority with respect to the use of our products and services for national defense
reasons, which may impact our cadence of producing and selling products and services to other customers. Any production, operational
or manufacturing delays or other unplanned changes to our ability to design, develop and manufacture our products or offer our services
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

35 

If
we fail to respond to commercial industry cycles in terms of our cost structure, manufacturing capacity, and/or personnel needs, our
business could be seriously harmed. 

The
timing, length, and severity of the up-and-down cycles in the commercial subsea, ocean surface, and defense industries are
difficult to predict. The cyclical nature of the industries in which we operate affects our ability to accurately predict future revenue,
and in some cases, future expense levels. During down cycles in our industry, the financial results of our customers may be negatively
impacted, which could result not only in a decrease in orders but also a weakening of their financial condition that could impair our
ability to recognize revenue or to collect on outstanding receivables. When cyclical fluctuations result in lower-than-expected revenue
levels, operating results may be adversely affected, and cost reduction measures may be necessary in order for us to remain competitive
and financially sound. We must be in a position to adjust our cost and expense structure to reflect prevailing market conditions and
to continue to motivate and retain our key employees. If we fail to respond, then our business could be seriously harmed. In addition,
during periods of rapid growth, we must be able to increase engineering and manufacturing capacity and personnel to meet customer demand.
We can provide no assurance that these objectives can be met in a timely manner in response to industry cycles. Each of these factors
could adversely impact our operating results and financial condition. 

Our
systems, products, technologies and services and related equipment may have shorter useful lives than we anticipate. 

Our
growth strategy depends in part on developing systems, products, technologies, and services. These reusable systems, products, technologies
and services and systems will have a limited useful life. While we intend to design our products and technologies for a certain lifespan,
which corresponds to a number of cycles, there can be no assurance as to the actual operational life of a product or that the operational
life of individual components will be consistent with its design life. A number of factors will impact the useful lives of our products
and systems, including, among other things, the quality of their design and construction, the durability of their component parts and
availability of any replacement components, and the occurrence of any anomaly or series of anomalies or other risks affecting the technology
during launch and in orbit. In addition, any improvements in technology may make our existing products, designs, or any component of
our products prior to the end of its life obsolete. If our systems, products, technologies and services and related equipment have shorter
useful lives than we currently anticipate, this may lead to delays in increasing the rate of our follow on work and new business,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we are continually
learning, and as our engineering and manufacturing expertise and efficiency increases, we aim to leverage this learning to be able to
manufacture our products and equipment using less of our currently installed equipment, which could render our existing inventory obsolete. 

Risks
Related to Government Contracts 

Many
of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex, require state-of-the-art manufacturing
expertise, or are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control. Failure to meet these obligations could adversely affect our
profitability and future prospects. Early termination of client contracts or contract penalties could adversely affect our results of
operations. 

We
design, develop, and manufacture technologically advanced and innovative products and services, which are applied by our customers in
a variety of environments. Problems and delays in development or delivery as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, licensing
and intellectual property rights, labor, inability to achieve learning curve assumptions, manufacturing materials or components could
prevent us from meeting requirements. Either we or the customer may generally terminate a contract as a result of a material uncured
breach by the other. If we breach a contract or fail to perform in accordance with contractual service levels, delivery schedules, performance
specifications, or other contractual requirements set forth therein, the other party thereto may terminate such contract for default,
and we may be required to refund money previously paid to us by the customer or to pay penalties or other damages. Even if we have not
breached, we may deal with various situations from time to time that may result in the amendment or termination of a contract. These
steps can result in significant current period charges and/or reductions in current or future revenue, and/or delays in collection of
outstanding receivables and costs incurred on the contract. Other factors that may affect revenue and profitability include inaccurate
cost estimates, design issues, unforeseen costs and expenses not covered by insurance or indemnification from the customer, diversion
of management focus in responding to unforeseen problems, and loss of follow-on work. 

We
rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials and supplied components, which has caused and may continue to cause supply
chain disruptions. We may not be able to obtain sufficient raw materials or supplied components to meet our manufacturing, design, and
operating needs, or obtain such materials on favorable terms or at all, which could impair our ability to fulfill our orders
in a timely manner or increase our costs of design and production. 

Our
ability to produce our current and future systems, products, technologies and services and other components of operation is dependent
upon sufficient availability of raw materials and supplied components, which we secure from a limited number of suppliers. As disclosed
herein, this has caused and may continue to cause supply chain disruptions. Global supply chains have recently experienced disruption
as a result of industry capacity constraints, material availability and global logistics delays arising from transportation capacity
of ocean shipping containers and a prolonged delay in resumption of operations by one or more key suppliers as a result of COVID-19.
Our reliance on suppliers to secure raw materials and supplied components has exposed us and may continue to expose us to volatility
in the prices and availability of these materials. We may not be able to obtain sufficient supplies of raw materials or supplied components
on favorable terms or at all, which could result in delays in the manufacture of our systems, products, technologies and services or
increased costs. 

36 

In
addition, we may in the future experience delays in manufacturing or operation as we go through the requalification process with any
replacement third-party supplier, as well as the limitations imposed by the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ITAR ),
the Export Administration Regulations EAR ), or other restrictions on transfer of sensitive technologies. Moreover, the
imposition of tariffs on such raw materials or supplied components could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Prolonged
disruptions in the supply of any of our key raw materials or components, difficulty qualifying new sources of supply, implementing use
of replacement materials or new sources of supply or any volatility in prices could have a material adverse effect on our ability to
operate in a cost-efficient, timely manner and could cause us to experience cancellations or delays of scheduled missions, customer cancellations
or reductions in our prices and margins, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

To
date, we have experienced supply chain impacts, particularly in electronic components, that have delayed ongoing projects. In response,
Nauticus has made efforts to expand our supplier base to locate and source project materials to mitigate procurement delays. In light
of recent world events, we anticipate continued challenges in this area over the near term as we work to minimize impacts on projects
and deliverable timelines. 

We
use estimates when accounting for certain contracts and changes in these estimates may have a significant impact on our financial results. 

Our
quarterly and annual sales are affected by a variety of factors that may lead to significant variability in our operating results. We
evaluate the contract value and cost estimates for performance obligations at least quarterly, and more frequently when circumstances
change significantly. Changes in estimates and assumptions related to the status of certain long-term contracts could have a material
adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and/or cash flows. 

The
U.S. government s budget deficit and the national debt, as well as any inability of the U.S. government to complete its
budget process for any government fiscal year and consequently having to shut down or operate on funding levels equivalent to its
prior fiscal year pursuant to a continuing resolution, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

Considerable
uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the U.S. government,
what challenges budget reductions will present for the defense industry and whether annual appropriations bills for all agencies will
be enacted for each upcoming U.S. government fiscal year and thereafter due to many factors, including but not limited to, changes
in the political environment, including before or after a change to the leadership within the government administration,
and any resulting uncertainty or changes in policy or priorities and resultant funding. The U.S. government s budget deficit
and the national debt could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in a number
of ways, including the following: 

The
 U.S. government could reduce or delay its spending on, reprioritize its spending away
 from, or decline to provide funding for the government programs in which we participate; 

U.S. government
 spending could be impacted by alternate arrangements to sequestration, which increases the
 uncertainty as to, and the difficulty in predicting, U.S. government spending priorities
 and levels; and 

We
 may experience declines in revenue, profitability, and cash flows as a result of reduced
 or delayed orders or payments or other factors caused by economic difficulties of our customers
 and prospective customers, including U.S. federal, state, and local governments. 

Furthermore,
we believe continued budget pressures could have serious negative consequences for the security of the United States, the defense
industrial base and the customers, employees, suppliers, investors and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base.
Budget and program decisions made in this environment would have long-term implications for us and the entire defense industry. 

We
depend significantly on U.S. government contracts, which often are only partially funded, subject to immediate termination, and
heavily regulated and audited. The termination or failure to fund, or negative audit findings for, one or more of these contracts could
have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Over
its lifetime, a U.S. government program may be implemented by the award of many different individual contracts and subcontracts.
The funding of U.S. government programs is subject to U.S. Congressional appropriations. In recent years, U.S. government
appropriations have been affected by larger U.S. government budgetary issues and related legislation. Although multi-year contracts
may be authorized and appropriated in connection with major procurements, the U.S. Congress generally appropriates funds on a government
fiscal year basis. Procurement funds are typically made available for obligation over the course of one to three years. Consequently,
programs often initially receive only partial funding, and additional funds are obligated only as the U.S. Congress authorizes further
appropriations. We cannot predict the extent to which total funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased,
or reduced as part of the annual appropriations process ultimately approved by U.S. Congress and the President of the United States
or in separate supplemental appropriations or continuing resolutions, as applicable. The termination of funding for a U.S. government
program would result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our
operations. In addition, the termination of a program or the failure to commit additional funds to a program that already has been started
could result in lost revenue and increase our overall costs of doing business. 

37 

Generally,
U.S. government contracts are subject to oversight audits by U.S. government representatives. Such audits could result in adjustments
to our contract costs. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, and such costs already
reimbursed must be refunded. We have recorded contract revenue based on costs we expect to realize upon final audit. However, we do not
know the outcome of any future audits and adjustments, and we may be required to materially reduce our revenue or profits upon completion
and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit findings could also result in termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits, suspension
of payments, fines or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. 

In
addition, U.S. government contracts generally contain provisions permitting termination, in whole or in part, without prior notice
at the U.S. government s convenience upon payment only for work done and commitments made at the time of termination. For
some contracts, we are a subcontractor and not the prime contractor, and in those arrangements, the U.S. government could terminate
the prime contractor for convenience without regard for our performance as a subcontractor. We can give no assurance that one or more
of our U.S. government contracts will not be terminated under those circumstances. Also, we can give no assurance that we would
be able to procure new contracts to offset the revenue or backlog lost as a result of any termination of our U.S. government contracts.
Because a significant portion of our revenue is dependent on our performance and payment under our U.S. government contracts, the
loss of one or more large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

Our
U.S. government business also is subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of socioeconomic and other requirements.
These requirements, although customary in U.S. government contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs. These costs
might increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the U.S. government has and may continue to implement initiatives focused on
efficiencies, affordability and cost growth and other changes to its procurement practices. These initiatives and changes to procurement
practices may change the way U.S. government contracts are solicited, negotiated, and managed, which may affect whether and how
we pursue opportunities to provide our products and services to the U.S. government, including the terms and conditions under which
we do so, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, contracts
awarded under the Department of Defense s Other Transaction Authority for research and prototypes generally require cost-sharing
and may not follow, or may follow only in part, standard U.S. government contracting practices and terms, such as the Federal Acquisition
Regulation FAR and Cost Accounting Standards. 

Failure
to comply with applicable regulations and requirements could lead to fines, penalties, repayments, or compensatory or treble damages,
or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for debarment
are violations of various laws and regulations, including those related to procurement integrity, export control (including ITAR), U.S. government
security, employment practices, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs and foreign corruption.
The termination of a U.S. government contract or relationship as a result of any of these acts would have an adverse impact on our
operations and could have an adverse effect on our standing and eligibility for future U.S. government contracts. 

The
terms of certain of our current and likely future contracts are highly sensitive and we are limited in our ability to disclose such terms. 

Our
success, in large part, depends on our ability to maintain protection over the terms of certain of our current and likely future contracts
and agreements, each of which is a highly negotiated agreement with sensitive information that, if publicly disclosed, would be beneficial
for our and our partners competitors to learn and harmful to our and our partners commercial interests. We are limited
in our ability to disclose the terms of these agreements, including terms that may affect our expected cash flows or the value of any
collateral, and have taken precautions to protect the disclosure of the sensitive information in such agreements. Therefore, we have
not allowed third parties, except for CLAQ during due diligence pursuant to the Non-Disclosure Agreement dated August 11, 2021, to review
the terms of these agreements. If the terms of these agreements were to be disclosed, our ability to compete could be hindered and our
relationships with our partners could be damaged, both of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. Furthermore, our relationships with our partners could also be damaged, and they may take legal action against
us, if they believe that we have disclosed any terms of these agreements without their prior consent. 

Thus,
the nature of current and future contracts with the U.S. government will limit our ability to disclose sensitive terms such as contract
scope, schedules, and budgets, and, in some cases, the specific end user. Notwithstanding the above, our current government contracts,
while sensitive, were disclosed under a non-disclosure agreement to CLAQ s management and Board members for their review and evaluation. 

Additionally,
we are committed to complying with our disclosure obligations under federal securities laws. Any future material contracts that are of
national security concern will be disclosed in redacted form (redacting only the information that is both not material and is of the
type that we treat as private or confidential), and unredacted versions made available to the SEC s staff for confidential, non-disclosable
review, in accordance with SEC regulations. 

38 

Disputes
with our subcontractors or the inability of our subcontractors to perform, or our key suppliers to timely deliver our components, parts
or services, has caused and could continue to cause our products, systems or services to be produced or delivered in an untimely or unsatisfactory
manner. 

We
engage subcontractors on many of our contracts. We may have disputes with our subcontractors, including regarding the quality and timeliness
of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontract or subcontractor, our failure to extend existing task
orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of the personnel of a subcontractor or vice versa or the subcontractor s
failure to comply with applicable law. In addition, there are certain parts, components, and services for many of our products, systems,
technologies, and services that we source from other manufacturers or vendors. Some of our suppliers, from time to time, have experienced
and may continue to experience financial and operational difficulties, which may impact their ability to supply the materials, components,
subsystems, and services that we require. Tariffs recently imposed on certain materials and other trade issues may create or exacerbate
existing materials shortages and may result in further supplier business closures. Our supply chain could also be disrupted by external
events, such as natural disasters or other significant disruptions (including extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, acts of
terrorism, cyber-attacks and labor disputes), governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes, including product certification
or stewardship requirements, sourcing restrictions, product authenticity and climate change or greenhouse gas emission standards, or
availability constraints from increased demand from customers. In addition, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic has
resulted in increased travel restrictions and extended shutdown of certain businesses across the globe. These or any further political
or governmental developments or health concerns could result in social, economic, and labor instability. Any inability to develop alternative
sources of supply on a cost-effective and timely basis could materially impair our ability to manufacture and deliver products, systems,
and services to our customers. We can give no assurances that we will be free from disputes with our subcontractors; material supply
constraints or problems; or component, subsystems, or services problems in the future. Also, our subcontractors and other suppliers may
not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems, and services they supply, which may result in
greater product returns, service problems and warranty claims and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. In addition, in connection with our government contracts, we are required to procure certain materials, components and
parts from supply sources approved by the U.S. government and we rely on our subcontractors and suppliers to comply with applicable
laws, regulations and other requirements regarding procurement of counterfeit, unauthorized or otherwise non-compliant parts
or materials, including parts or materials they supply to us, and in some circumstances, we rely on their certifications as to their
compliance. From time to time, there are components for which there may be only one supplier, which may be unable to meet our needs.
Each of these subcontractor and supplier risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. 

To
date, we have encountered some supply chain disruptions stemming from limited availability of certain raw materials. Two such raw materials
are aluminum and microchips. Aluminum is required for the vessel hulls of both the Aquanaut and Hydronaut. Recently supply chain disruptions
have caused procurement delays of aluminum which has subsequently delayed our manufacturing of the Aquanaut and Hydronaut. While these
supply chain disruptions have to date not resulted in contract modifications to adjust cost, as we work with our suppliers, we anticipate
that some cost adjustments may be necessary. 

Another
crucial material we utilize, which remains in short supply, is microchip electronics. Microchips play a key role in the electronic subsystems
of the Aquanaut and Argonaut. Due to the challenges we have encountered in sourcing this material/component, we have redesigned components
of our subsystems in order to incorporate microchips that are more easily obtained. 

These
supply chain issues have affected some, but not all, of our subcontractors and their ability to procure raw materials in a cost effective
and timely manner. This has been evidenced by schedule extensions in the expected delivery of the Aquanauts that are under contract for
fabrication with International Submarine Engineering, Ltd. as well as the Hydronauts under contract for construction with Diverse Marine.
Nauticus continues to monitor these contractor issues and works closely with the supply chain providers to adjust other elements of the
project to minimize schedule impacts and ensure minimal to no disruption to our daily operations. 

We
have government customers, which subjects us to risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties. 

We
derive a substantial portion of our revenue from contracts with U.S. Department of Defense agencies and may enter into additional
contracts with the U.S. or foreign governments in the future. This subjects us to statutes and regulations applicable to companies
doing business with the government, including the FAR. These government contracts customarily contain provisions that give the government
substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts and which are unfavorable to contractors.
For instance, most U.S. government agencies include provisions that allow the government to unilaterally terminate or modify contracts
for convenience, and in that event, the counterparty to the contract may generally recover only its incurred or committed costs and settlement
expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. If the government terminates a contract for default, the defaulting party
may be liable for any extra costs incurred by the government in procuring undelivered items from another source. 

39 

Some
of our federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations being made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures
under these contracts. In addition, government contracts normally contain additional requirements that may increase our costs of doing
business, reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply with these terms and conditions. These requirements include,
for example: 

specialized
 disclosure and accounting requirements unique to government contracts; 

financial
 and compliance audits that may result in potential liability for price adjustments, recoupment
 of government funds after such funds have been spent, civil and criminal penalties, or administrative
 sanctions such as suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government; 

public
 disclosures of certain contract and company information; and 

mandatory
 socioeconomic compliance requirements, including labor requirements, non-discrimination and
 affirmative action programs and environmental compliance requirements. 

Government
contracts are also generally subject to greater scrutiny by the government, which can initiate reviews, audits, and investigations regarding
our compliance with government contract requirements. In addition, if we fail to comply with government contracting laws, regulations
and contract requirements, our contracts may be subject to termination, and we may be subject to financial and/or other liability under
our contracts, the Federal Civil False Claims Act (including treble damages and other penalties), or criminal law. In particular, the
False Claims Act s whistleblower provisions also allow private individuals, including present and former employees,
to sue on behalf of the U.S. government. Any penalties, damages, fines, suspension, or damages could adversely affect our ability
to operate our business and our financial results. 

Our
reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees, agents, or business partners. 

We
have implemented compliance controls, training, policies and procedures designed to prevent and detect reckless or criminal acts from
being committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including
laws governing payments to government officials, such as the FCPA, the protection of export controlled or classified information, such
as ITAR, false claims, procurement integrity, cost accounting and billing, competition, information security and data privacy and the
terms of our contracts. This risk of improper conduct may increase as we continue to grow and expand our operations. We cannot ensure,
however, that our controls, training, policies and procedures will prevent or detect all such reckless or criminal acts, and we have
been adversely impacted by such acts in the past, which have been immaterial in nature. If not prevented, such reckless or criminal acts
could subject us to civil or criminal investigations, monetary and non-monetary penalties and suspension and debarment by the
U.S. government and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business, our results of operations and our reputation.
In addition, misconduct involving data security lapses resulting in the compromise of personal information or the improper use of our
customer s sensitive or classified information could result in remediation costs, regulatory sanctions against us and serious harm
to our reputation and could adversely impact our ability to continue to contract with the U.S. government. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

We
may issue a significant number of shares in the future in connection with investments or acquisitions. 

Because
we have become a public reporting company by means of consummating the Business Combination rather than by means of a traditional underwritten
initial public offering, there is no independent third-party underwriter selling the shares of our Common Stock, and, accordingly, our
stockholders will not have the benefit of an independent review and investigation of the type normally performed by an unaffiliated,
independent underwriter in a public securities offering. Due diligence reviews typically include an independent investigation of the
background of the company, any advisors and their respective affiliates, review of the offering documents and independent analysis of
the plan of business and any underlying financial assumptions. Because there is no independent third-party underwriter selling the shares
of our Common Stock, you must rely on the information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although CLAQ performed a due diligence
review and investigation of Nauticus in connection with the Business Combination, the lack of an independent due diligence review and
investigation increases the risk of investment in us because it may not have uncovered facts that would be important to a potential investor. 

Because
we have become a public reporting company by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, our stockholders may
face additional risks and uncertainties. 

Because
we have become a public reporting company by means of consummating the Business Combination rather than by means of a traditional underwritten
initial public offering, there is no independent third-party underwriter selling the shares of our Common Stock, and, accordingly, our
stockholders will not have the benefit of an independent review and investigation of the type normally performed by an unaffiliated,
independent underwriter in a public securities offering. Due diligence reviews typically include an independent investigation of the
background of the company, any advisors and their respective affiliates, review of the offering documents and independent analysis of
the plan of business and any underlying financial assumptions. Because there is no independent third-party underwriter selling the shares
of our Common Stock, you must rely on the information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although CLAQ performed a due diligence
review and investigation of Nauticus in connection with the Business Combination, the lack of an independent due diligence review and
investigation increases the risk of investment in us because it may not have uncovered facts that would be important to a potential investor. 

40 

In
addition, because we have not become a public reporting company by means of a traditional underwritten initial public offering, security
or industry analysts may not provide, or be less likely to provide, coverage of us. Investment banks may also be less likely to agree
to underwrite secondary offerings on behalf of us than they might if we became a public reporting company by means of a traditional underwritten
initial public offering, because they may be less familiar with us as a result of more limited coverage by analysts and the media. The
failure to receive research coverage or support in the market for our Common Stock could have an adverse effect on our ability to develop
a liquid market for our Common Stock. 

If
certain holders of our Common Stock sell a significant portion of their securities, it may negatively impact the market price of the
shares of our Common Stock and such holders still may receive significant proceeds. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the market price of our Common Stock is below 10.00 per share, which was the price per
share of Common Stock sold in our IPO and the per share price of the PIPE Shares sold to certain Selling Securityholders in connection
with our PIPE Investment upon consummation of our Business Combination. In particular, the Founder Shares were purchased at an effective
price of 0.006 per share. Accordingly, holders of the Founder Shares could sell their securities at a per share price that is less than
 10.00 and still realize a significant return from the sale of those securities that could not be realized by our other stockholders.
On February 1, the closing price of our Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was 3.38 per share. Based on this closing
price, the aggregate sales price of the Founder Shares would be approximately 18,759,375. 

Sales
of shares of our Common Stock may depress our stock price. 

Sales
of a substantial number of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market
price of our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable
to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our Common Stock. 

In
connection with the Closing of our Business Combination, we entered into Company Lock-up Agreements with certain Nauticus Robotics Holdings
stockholders currently holding 29,379,584 shares of our Common Stock (excluding PIPE Shares which may be held by such stockholders),
pursuant to which each stockholder agreed during the Lock-up Period, and subject to certain customary exceptions, not to offer, sell,
contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of our Common Stock, or enter into a transaction
that would have the same effect, among other customary restrictions. The Company Lock-up Agreements expired on March 8, 2023, and the
shares held by the parties to the Company Lock-up Agreements are no longer under these contractual restrictions. Consequently, we may
experience selling pressure from the stockholders party to the Company Lock-up Agreement as they might push to quickly sell their previously
restricted shares of Common Stock, regardless of the sale s effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 

The
market price of our Common Stock is volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. 

The
market price of our Common Stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response
to a variety of factors, including the following: 

results
 of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

results
 of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

changes
 in expectations as to the Company s future financial performance, including financial
 estimates and investment recommendations by securities analysts and investors; 

the
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; 

the
 inability to obtain or maintain the listing of our shares of Common Stock on Nasdaq; 

the
 inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be
 affected by, among other things, competition, our ability to grow and manage growth profitably,
 and retain our key employees; 

declines
 in the market prices of stocks generally; 

strategic
 actions by us or our competitors, including lack of action; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, product development, acquisitions, joint
 ventures, other strategic relationships or capital commitments; 

the
 gain or loss of key personnel; 

41 

changes
 in general economic or market conditions or trends in Nauticus industry or markets,
 including as a result of a general economic slowdown or a recession, increasing interest
 rates and changes in monetary policy or inflationary pressures; 

changes
 in business or regulatory conditions, include new laws or regulations or new interpretations
 of existing laws or regulations applicable to us; 

litigation
 involving Nauticus, our industry, or both, or investigations by regulators into our or our
 competitors operations; 

risks
 relating to the uncertainty of our projected financial information; and 

risks
 related to the organic and inorganic growth of our business and the timing of expected business
 milestones. 

In
addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market
prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may
negatively affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, price volatility
may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock is low. 

Generally,
in the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved
in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from Nauticus 
business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 

Volatility
in our share price could subject us to securities class action litigation. 

In
the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of
its securities. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and
resources, which could harm our business. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about us, or publish negative reports, our stock price and trading
volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us. We do not have any control over these analysts. If our financial performance fails to meet analyst estimates or one or more of the
analysts who cover us downgrade our Common Stock or change their opinion, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these
analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could
cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Because
we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, would be your sole source of
gain. 

We
currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our shares of Common
Stock would be your sole source of gain on an investment in such shares for the foreseeable future. 

Sales
of shares of our Common Stock may depress our stock price. 

Sales
of a substantial number of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market
price of our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 

We
are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies
will make our shares less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company,
as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including exemption
from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the date (a) July
19, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of shares of our Common Stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during
the prior three-year period. 

Even
after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would
allow us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements including exemption from compliance with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and our periodic reports and proxy statements. 

42 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find
our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for the Common Stock and our market price may
be more volatile. 

We
may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to investors, thereby making Public Warrants
worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at 0.01
per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price (or the closing bid price of our Common Stock in the event the shares of our
Common Stock are not traded on any specific trading day) of the Common Stock equals or exceeds 16.50 per share (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and the like) on each of 20 trading days within the 30 trading-day period ending
on the third business day prior to the date on which we send proper notice of such redemption, provided that on the date we give
notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act covering Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to
them is available. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable
to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Public
Warrants could force a warrant holder: (i) to exercise its warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be
disadvantageous for it to do so, (ii) to sell its warrants at the then-current market price when it might otherwise wish to
hold its Public Warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are
called for redemption, will be substantially less than the market value of its Public Warrants. 

Our
Warrants may never be in the money, and they may expire worthless. 

The
exercise price for our Public Warrants and Private Warrants is 11.50 per-share (subject to adjustment as described herein), which exceeds
the market price of our Common Stock, which was 3.38 per share based on the closing price of our Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital
Market on February 1, 2023. In addition, the exercise price for our SPA Warrants is 20.00 per-share (subject to adjustment as described
herein), which exceeds the market price of our Common Stock, which was 3.38 per share based on the closing price of our Common Stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market on February 1, 2023. If all of our Public Warrants, Private Warrants and SPA Warrants were exercised in
full for cash, we would receive an aggregate of approximately 240,148,500. We do not expect warrant holders to exercise their Public
Warrants, Private Warrants or SPA Warrants and, therefore, we do not expect to receive cash proceeds from any such exercise, for so long
as the Public Warrants, Private Warrants and SPA Warrants remain out-of-the money. There can be no assurance that the Public Warrants,
Private Warrants or SPA Warrants will ever be in the money prior to their expiration and, as such, the Public Warrants, Private Warrants
and SPA Warrants may expire worthless. 

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our
Public Warrants and Private Warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes
with us. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York
or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such
jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to
such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and
exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice
of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope
of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York (for purposes of this subsection, a foreign action in the name
of any holder of our Public Warrants or Private Warrants such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce
the forum provisions (for purposes of this subsection, an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made
upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel, as applicable, in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit the ability of warrant holders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and Board. These limitations do not apply
to our SPA Warrants. 

43 

Our
Public Warrants and Private Warrants will become exercisable for our Common Stock, which would increase the number of shares eligible
for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our shareholders. Additionally, presently our SPA Warrants are exercisable
and our Debentures are convertible. 

Outstanding
Public Warrants and Private Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 15,800,000 shares of Common Stock (respectively, 8,625,000 Public Warrant
Shares and 7,175,000 Private Warrant Shares) will become exercisable on the later of (1) the completion of the Business Combination
or (2) 12 months from the consummation of the IPO. However, a holder of a Public Warrant or Private Warrant may only exercise
a Public Warrant or Private Warrant for cash if there is an effective registration statement registering the Public Warrant Shares. Each
Public Warrant and Private Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one of our Class A Ordinary Shares at a price of 11.50
per whole share, subject to adjustment. 

Outstanding
Debentures became convertible on the election of the holder upon their issuance on September 9, 2022. The Debentures are convertible
at conversion price of 15.00 per share, for 2,922,425 Debentures Shares. In addition, outstanding SPA Warrants became exercisable upon
their issuance on September 9, 2022, at an exercise price of 20.00 per share, for 2,922,425 SPA Warrant Shares. 

In
connection with the Closing, each outstanding option (a Nauticus Option to purchase shares of Nauticus Robotics Holdings 
common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Holdings Common Stock ), whether or not then vested and exercisable, was assumed
by CLAQ and converted automatically (and without any required action on the part of such holder of outstanding option) into an option
to purchase shares of our Common Stock (the Converted Options equal to the number of shares determined by multiplying
the number of shares of the Holdings Common Stock subject to such Nauticus Option immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange
Ratio, which product was rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares, at a per share exercise price determined by dividing the
per share exercise price of such Nauticus Option immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio. As a result of the Merger,
an aggregate of 3,970,266 shares of Common Stock became issuable upon exercise of these options, subject to their original vesting dates
(the Option Shares ). 

Further
in connection with the Closing, and subject to such Triggering Events (defined below) former holders of Holdings Common Stock became
entitled to receive their pro rata share of the Earnout Shares, up to 7,499,993 shares of Common Stock. 

Public
Warrants, Private Warrants and SPA Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of Common Stock. Debentures may be converted
only into a whole number of shares of Common Stock. To the extent such (i) Public Warrants, Private Warrants and SPA Warrants are
exercised; (ii) Debentures are converted; (iii) Converted Options are exercised; and (iv) Earnout Shares are release, additional
shares of Common Stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the then existing holders of our Common Stock and increase the
number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market could adversely
affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
operate in a corporate and manufacturing facility in Webster, Texas, USA. We currently occupy a facility that has approximately
30,000 square feet of office, development, and manufacturing space pursuant to a lease that, subject to options to extend, we expect
will expire in April 2024. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Should we need additional space,
we believe we will be able to obtain additional space on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, the Company is involved in various civil actions as part of its normal course of business. The Company is not a party to
any litigation that is material to ongoing operations as of December 31, 2022. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

44 

PART II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities. 

Our
common stock is quoted on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol KITT. Our redeemable warrants are quoted on The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol KITTW. 

Shareholders 

As
of the date of this report, there are approximately 38 shareholders of record of our common stock based upon our transfer agent s
report. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other nominees on behalf of shareholders, including in trust,
we are unable to estimate the total number of shareholders represented by these record holders. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. To date we have utilized all available cash to finance our operations.
Payment of cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon our earnings levels, capital requirements,
any restrictive loan covenants and other factors the Board considers relevant. 

Warrants 

At
December 31, 2022, there were 18,722,425 warrants outstanding, including the SPA Warrants, for the purchase of Company common stock.
Refer to Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information relating to outstanding
warrants. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

On
September 6, 2022, shareholders approved our 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Omnibus Incentive Plan and on September
9, 2022, our Board ratified the Omnibus Incentive Plan. The Omnibus Incentive Plan provides for the grant of options, stock appreciation
rights, RSUs, restricted stock and other stock-based awards, any of which may be performance-based, and for incentive bonuses, which
may be paid in cash, Common Stock or a combination thereof. At December 31, 2022, 4,589,777 equity units were available for future issuance
under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

At
the Closing Date of the Business Combination, Nauticus Robotics Holdings had 279,464 options outstanding for the purchase of its common
stock. The outstanding options were converted into 3,970,266 options to purchase shares of our Common Stock. Outstanding options vest
assuming continuous service to the Company with 25 of the options vesting one year after grant and the balance vesting in a series of
36 successive equal monthly installments measured from the first anniversary of the grant. During the vesting period, holders have no
rights of a stockholder with respect to the shares of Common Stock subject to an option and the options may not be sold, assigned, transferred,
pledged, or otherwise encumbered. Unvested options are forfeited upon termination of employment. 

At
December 31, 2022, there were 3,506,184 options outstanding for the purchase of Company common stock. Refer to Note 11 to the consolidated
financial statements included in this annual report for additional information relating to outstanding options. 

At
December 31, 2022, there were 3,134,677 restricted stock units outstanding for the right to receive one share of Company common stock.
Refer to Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information relating to restricted
stock units. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
made no sales of our equity securities within the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by the report. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
made no purchases of our equity securities within the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by the report. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Not
applicable. 

45 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion is intended to assist you in understanding our results of operations and our present financial condition and contains
forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. The forward-looking statements
are dependent upon events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control. We caution you that our actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences are discussed
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
and Item 1A. Risk Factors, all of which are difficult to predict. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
the forward-looking events discussed may not occur. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements
except as otherwise required by applicable law. 

Explanatory
Note 

On
the Closing Date, we consummated the Business Combination with Merger Sub, and Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc. Pursuant to the terms
of the Merger Agreement, a business combination between CLAQ and Nauticus Robotics Holdings was effected through the merger of Merger
Sub with and into Nauticus Robotics Holdings, with Nauticus Robotics Holdings surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of CLAQ.
On the Closing Date, CLAQ was renamed Nauticus Robotics, Inc. and the Nauticus Robotics Holdings predecessor was
renamed Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc. 

The
Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization under GAAP. Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc. was determined to be
the accounting acquirer and CLAQ was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, the financial statements
of Nauticus represent a continuation of the financial statements of Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc. 

Overview 

Nauticus
Robotics, Inc. (the Company, our, or we is a developer of ocean robots, software and services
delivered to the ocean industry. We were initially incorporated as CLAQ under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18, 2020. The
Company s principal corporate offices are located in Webster, Texas. Our services provide customers with the necessary data collection,
analytics, and subsea manipulation capabilities to support and maintain assets while reducing their operational footprint, operating
cost, and greenhouse gas emissions, as well as to improve offshore health, safety, and environmental exposure. 

Our
subsea robotic product, Aquanaut, is a vehicle that begins its mission in a hydrodynamically efficient configuration which enables efficient
transit to the worksite (i.e., operating as an autonomous underwater vehicle, or AUV ). During transit (operating in survey
mode), Aquanaut s sensor suite provides capability to observe and inspect subsea assets or other subsea features. Once it arrives
at the worksite, Aquanaut transforms its hull configuration to expose two work-class capable, electric manipulators that can perform
dexterous tasks with (supervised), or without (autonomous), direct human involvement. In this intervention mode, the vehicle has capabilities
similar to a conventional remotely operated vehicle ROV ). The ability to operate in both AUV and ROV modes is a quality
unique to our subsea robot and is protected under a U.S. patent. To take advantage of these special configuration qualities, we have
developed underwater acoustic communication technology, called Wavelink, our over-the-horizon remote connectivity solution, which removes
the need for long umbilicals to connect the robot with topside vessels. Eliminating these umbilicals and communicating with the robot
through acoustic or other latent, laser, or RF methods reduces much of the system infrastructure that is currently required for ROV servicing
operations and is core to our value proposition. 

The
component technologies that comprise the Aquanaut are also marketable to the existing worldwide ROV fleet. Aquanaut s perception
and machine learning software technologies combined with its perception and electric manipulators can be retrofitted on existing ROV
platforms to improve their ability to perform subsea maintenance activities. The Argonaut, a derivative product of the Aquanaut, is aligned
to non-industrial, government applications. This vehicle embodies nearly all of the Aquanaut s core technologies but varies in
form and function necessary to perform specialized missions. 

Our
key technologies are autonomous platforms, acoustic communications networks, electric manipulators, AI-based perception and control software,
and high-definition workspace sensors. Implementation of these technologies enables operations to reduce costs over conventional methods. 

Basis
of Presentation The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse business combination with Nauticus Robotics
Holdings, Inc. as the accounting acquirer and CLAQ as the accounting acquiree. Our audited consolidated financial statements reflect
the financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity (deficit) of Nauticus Robotics Holdings
for periods until September 9, 2022, the Closing Date of the Business Combination, and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows
and changes in stockholders equity (deficit) of Nauticus Robotics, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary, Nauticus Robotics Holdings
for the period from September 10, 2022 through December 31, 2022. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
preparation of these consolidated financial statements. 

46 

Impact
of COVID-19 Pandemic on Business The global spread of COVID-19 has created significant market volatility and economic uncertainty
and disruption during 2021 and continuing into 2022. The Company was adversely affected by the deterioration and increased uncertainty
in the macroeconomic outlook as a result of the impact of COVID-19. We have experienced and may continue to experience disruptions in
our supply chain, due in part to the global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Depending upon the duration of the ongoing effects of the
COVID-19 pandemic and the associated business interruptions, our customers, suppliers, manufacturers and partners may suspend or delay
their engagements with us, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to meet current timelines.
In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our ability to recruit skilled employees to join our team.
The conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect, among other things, demand
for our products and the ability to test and assess our robotic systems with potential customers any of which adversely affects our business,
results of operations and financial condition. The duration and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts cannot be accurately
predicted at this time, and the ultimate direct and indirect impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition will
depend on future developments that are highly uncertain. 

Liquidity
 The Company has had recurring losses and negative cash flows since its inception. The Company continues to develop its principal
products and conduct research and development activities. Supply chain disruptions instigated production delays and have continued to
impact the Company s ability to deploy its products and realize material RaaS and product sale revenues. Currently, the Company
does not generate sufficient revenue to cover operating expenses, working capital and capital expenditures. We do not have any commitments
for equity funding at this time, and additional funding may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. If additional financing
is not raised, it would likely lead to the company reducing discretionary spending and other cost cutting measures. The Company has not
considered cost-cutting measures at this time but will assess as needed to meet capital requirements for our business operations. The
Company have sufficient cash and cash generated from operations along with access to debt funding as necessary to meet its obligations
for at least one year from the issuance date of this report. 

On March 8, 2023, and subsequent to the filing of the Company s Form 10-Q/A on such date, Triumph countersigned an agreement that
amended the original agreement to accommodate staggered deposits and payments for each of the four contracted units, with deliveries taking
place between 2024 and 2027. Triumph s initial non-refundable deposit of 5,420,000 is due on October 31, 2023. Any failure by Triumph
to make the initial deposit when due will be deemed breached by Triumph for failure to perform under the terms of the Agreement as amended.
Management has carefully considered all facts surrounding the Triumph contract and its ability to secure financing for its capital projects,
and as such, the Company has removed the contract from its internal projections and excluded all associated revenues and costs. Accordingly,
we have excluded Triumph from the unfulfilled performance obligation table in Item 8, Financial Statements Note 3 
Revenue Unfulfilled Performance Obligations. As such, we do not believe a failure of such obligation will affect our future
liquidity. 

See
the sections entitled Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Almost all our revenues in 2020, 2021, and 2022 were
derived from three customers. A substantial portion of our current revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject
to a number of uncertainties, challenges, and risks, Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our business plans
require a significant amount of capital. Our future capital needs may require us to sell additional equity or debt securities that may
dilute our stockholders or introduce covenants that may restrict our operations or our ability to pay dividends, Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry With our service offering still being commercialized at a large scale, we have limited current
customers and no hard contracts for the RaaS offering, and there is no assurance that expected customer demand will result in binding
orders or subscriptions, Risks Related to Our Business and Industry If we are successful in commercializing our
products and services, our revenue will be concentrated in a limited number of models for the foreseeable future, Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry The wide scale commercial RaaS launch of our fleet, Aquanaut and Hydronaut, may be delayed
beyond the end of 2023, and Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We may be unable to adequately control the
costs associated with our operations. 

47 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth summarized consolidated financial information: 

For The Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Revenue 

Service 
 11,210,559 
 7,854,068 
 3,356,491 
 43 
 
 Product 
 
 242,637 
 (242,637 
 -100 
 
 Service - related party 
 224,400 
 332,767 
 (108,367 
 -33 
 
 Product - related party 
 - 
 162,068 
 (162,068 
 -100 
 
 Total revenue 
 11,434,959 
 8,591,540 
 2,843,419 
 33 

Costs and Expenses 

Cost of revenue 
 11,863,862 
 6,850,248 
 5,013,614 
 73 
 
 Depreciation 
 516,949 
 365,097 
 151,852 
 42 
 
 Research and development 
 2,376,912 
 3,533,713 
 (1,156,801 
 -33 
 
 General and administrative 
 15,056,565 
 4,362,400 
 10,694,165 
 245 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 29,814,288 
 15,111,458 
 14,702,830 
 97 

Operating loss 
 (18,379,329 
 (6,519,918 
 (11,859,411 
 182 

Other income 
 (293,862 
 (1,601,568 
 (1,307,706 
 82 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 9,484,113 
 (9,484,113 
 100 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 6,461,087 
 - 
 (6,461,087 
 100 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 3,714,017 
 725,166 
 2,988,851 
 412 

Net loss 
 (28,260,571 
 (15,127,629 
 (13,132,942 
 87 

Revenue.
 At December 31,2022, net revenue increased by 2.8 million, or 33 , to 11.4 million for 2022, as compared to 8.6 million for 2021.
The increase in revenue is primarily attributable to the addition of revenue from four new service contracts and increased performance
on an existing service contract, including the continued lease of an Aquanaut vehicle during 2022. 

Cost
of revenue. At December 31, 2022, cost of revenue increased by 5.0 million, or 73 , to 11.9 million for 2022, as compared to 6.9
million for 2021. The increase in cost of revenue is attributable to the addition of executing four service contracts with a mix of lower
margin contracts from the prior year discussed above contributing to an overall increased cost of revenue. Also included in cost of revenue
is a one-time bonus of approximately 1.2 million for manufacturing and operational personnel for the successful completion of the Merger. 

Depreciation.
 At December 31, 2022, depreciation increased by 152 thousand, or 42 , to 517 thousand for 2022, as compared to 365 thousand for
2021 primarily due to increased investment in operational assets. 

Research
and development . At December 31, 2022, total research and development expenses decreased by 1.1 million, or 33 , to 2.4 million
for 2022, as compared to 3.5 million for 2021. The decrease was due primarily to the Company meeting technological feasibility on both
hardware and software development that has been capitalized throughout fiscal year 2022. 

General
and administrative. At December 31, 2022, total general and administrative expenses increased by 10.7 million, or 245 , to 15.1
million for 2022, as compared to 4.4 million for 2021. General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to an increase in
company headcount, sales and marketing expenses, professional fees and other costs incurred in preparation for the business combination
transaction with CleanTech. Also included in general and administrative expense is a one-time bonus expense of approximately 1.5 million
for the successful completion of the Merger. 

Other
income, net. At December 31, 2022, other income, net decreased by 1.3 million to 0.3 million for 2022 as compared to 1.6 million
in 2021. The decrease was due primarily to the recognition of the Paycheck Protection Program or PPP loan during the first and second
quarter of 2021. 

48 

Loss
on extinguishment of debt. At December 31, 2022, loss on extinguishment of debt decreased by 9.5 million to 0 for 2022 as compared
to 9.5 million in 2021. The Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 9.5 million for 2021 due to an amendment of outstanding
contingently convertible notes to allow the notes to be converted into Nauticus common stock as of the closing date of the Business Combination
between CleanTech and Nauticus. The amendment was treated as an accounting extinguishment of debt. A loss was recognized for the difference
between the carrying amounts of the notes and their fair values as of the date the notes were modified. 

Change
in fair value of warrant liabilities. At December 31, 2022, change in fair value of warrant liabilities increased by 6.5 million
to 6.5 million of other (income) expense in 2022 as compared to 0 million in 2021. This increase was due to the change in mark-to-market
value of the SPA warrants and public and private warrants assumed by the Company in the Business Combination. 

Interest
expense, net. At December 31, 2022, interest expense, net increased by 3.0 million to 3.7 million for 2022 as compared to 0.7
million in 2021. Interest expense, net increased due to an increase in indebtedness entered into by the Company during the third and
fourth quarter of 2021, and amortization of debt discount of 1.1 million associated with the Debenture note. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 22,746,422 of cash, cash equivalents and short term investments. The cash equivalents consist of demand deposits and money
market funds. 

Significant
sources and uses of cash during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Sources
of cash: 

We
 received net proceeds of 53.3 million from debt and equity financings. 

Uses
of cash: 

Cash
 used in operating activities was 37.3 million, which included 19.9 million invested in
 working capital. 

Capital
 expenditures were 14.2 million. 

Cash
 used in financing activities in payment of debt obligations was 17.9 million 

Future
sources and uses of cash. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including sales volume, the timing and extent of
spending to support R D efforts, investments in technology, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and market adoption
of new and enhanced products and features. To date, our principal sources of liquidity have been proceeds received from the issuance
of debt and equity funding and cash flow from our operations. 

We
believe our cash on hand and cash collections from our revenue from our existing and anticipated new contracts afford us adequate liquidity
for the balance of fiscal 2023. We anticipate needing additional capital to continue expanding our business operations, which may include
acquisitions and capital expenditures. Currently, the Company does not generate sufficient revenue to cover operating expenses, working
capital and capital expenditures. We have historically financed our operations through equity and debt financing. We do not have any
commitments for equity funding at this time, and additional funding may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. As such
there is no assurance that we can raise additional capital from external sources, the failure of which could cause us to curtail operations. 

Indebtedness. The
Company s indebtedness at December 31, 2022 is presented in Item 8, Financial Statements Note 5 Notes
Payable and our lease obligations are presented in Item 8, Financial Statements Note 6 Leases. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , which replaces
the existing incurred loss impairment model with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader
range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. We adopted this standard on January 1, 2022. There was
no impact from the adoption of this standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

There
are no other new accounting pronouncements that are expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments
that can significantly impact the amounts we report as assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and the related disclosures.
We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
could differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. The accounting policies discussed below are
critical to understanding our historical and future performance as these policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. 

49 

Revenue
Recognition. Our primary sources of revenue are from providing technology and engineering services and products to the offshore industry
and governmental entities. Revenue is generated pursuant to contractual arrangements to design and develop subsea robots and software
and to provide related engineering, technical, and other services according to the specifications of the customers. These contracts can
be service sales (cost plus fixed fee or firm fixed fee) or product sales and typically have terms of up to 18 months. The Company has
limited product sales as its core products are still under development. Product sales to date have been for HaloGuard, a red zone monitoring
solution we developed, which has been phased out as of March 31, 2022. 

A
performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer distinct goods or services to a customer. The products and services in
our contracts are typically not distinct from one another. Accordingly, our contracts are typically accounted for as one performance
obligation. 

The
Company s performance obligations under service agreements generally are satisfied over time as the service is provided. Revenue
under these contracts is recognized over time using an input measure of progress (typically costs incurred to date relative to total
estimated costs at completion). This requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions to estimate contract sales and
costs associated with its contracts with customers. At the outset of a long-term contract, the Company identifies risks to the achievement
of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract. Throughout the contract term, on at least a quarterly basis, we monitor
and assess the effects of those risks on its estimates of sales and total costs to complete the contract. Changes in these estimates
could have a material effect on the Company s results of operations. 

Cost
plus fixed fee contracts are largely used for development projects. 

Firm-fixed
price contracts provide products or services generally over an agreed upon time frame for a predetermined amount. Firm-fixed price
contracts present the risk of unreimbursed cost overruns, potentially resulting in lower-than-expected contract profits and margins.
This risk is generally lower for cost plus fixed fee contracts which, as a result, generally have a lower margin. 

Service
revenue includes equipment operating lease income recognized based on the contractual cash lease payments for the period. 

Performance
obligations for product sales are typically satisfied at a point in time. This occurs when control of the products is transferred to
the customer, which generally is when title and risk of loss have passed to the customer. 

Contract
assets include unbilled amounts typically resulting from sales under contracts when the cost-to-cost method of revenue recognition is
utilized and revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer. Contract assets are recorded at the net amount expected to
be billed and collected. Contract liabilities include billings in excess of revenue recognized and accrual of certain contract obligations. 

Stock-Based
Compensation. Nauticus recognizes the cost of stock-based awards granted to its employees and directors based on the grant-date fair
value of the awards. Cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period, which is the vesting period of the award.
Nauticus elected to recognize the effect of forfeitures in the period they occur. Nauticus determines the fair value of stock options
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is impacted by the following assumptions: 

Expected
 Term We use the simplified method for expected term. 

Expected
 Volatility We use the historical volatility of Nauticus publicly traded common
 stock. 

Expected
 Dividend Yield The dividend rate used is zero as Nauticus has never paid any cash dividends
 on its common stock and does not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. 

Risk-Free
 Interest Rate The interest rates used are based on the implied yield available on U.S.
 Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term equal to the expected
 life of the award. 

Common
Stock Warrants We account for common stock warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based
on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance. This assessment considers whether the warrants
are freestanding financial instruments, meet the definition of a liability or requirements for equity classification, including whether
the warrants are indexed to the Company s Common Stock, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which
requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end
date while the warrants are outstanding. 

50 

We
have determined that the Private Warrants and Public Warrants should be accounted for as liabilities. The Private Warrants and Public
Warrants were initially recorded at their estimated fair value on the Closing Date and are then revalued at each reporting date thereafter,
with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified in
the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required
within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The fair value of the Private Warrants was estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing
model (a Level 3 measurement). The Public Warrants are valued using their publicly traded price at each measurement date (a Level 1 measurement). 

We
have determined that the SPA Warrants (defined below) should be accounted for as liabilities. The SPA Warrants were initially recorded
at their estimated fair value on the Closing Date and are then re-valued at each reporting date thereafter, with changes in the fair
value reported in the consolidated statements of operations. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current
or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the
balance sheet date. At the Closing Date, the SPA Warrants fair value upon issuance was estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation
model (a Level 3 measurement). 

Earnout
Shares Earnout shares, issuable to former holders of Nauticus Robotics Holdings Common Stock, are held in escrow.
The Earnout Shares will be released upon occurrence of a Triggering Event within five years of the Closing Date. The Earnout Shares are
considered legally issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock subject to restrictions on transfer and potential forfeiture pending
the achievement of the earnout targets. The Company evaluated the Earnout Shares and concluded that they meet the criteria for equity
classification. The Earnout Shares were classified in stockholders equity, recognized at fair value upon the closing of the Business
Combination and will not be subsequently remeasured. Their estimated fair value upon issuance was determined using a Monte Carlo valuation
model (a Level 3 measurement). 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

51 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Whitley Penn, LLP, PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Nauticus
Robotics Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nauticus Robotics Inc. and subsidiary (the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and
cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

March
28, 2023 

F- 2 

NAUTICUS
ROBOTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted certificate of deposit 

Short-term investments 
 
 -

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 
 
 -

Contract assets 

Prepaid insurance 

Other Current assets 

Total Current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities - current 

Notes payable - current 
 -

Notes payable, related parties - current 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 
 
 -

Operating lease liabilities - long-term 

Notes payable - long-term, net of discount 

Other liabilities 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value; shares, authorized 
 -
 
 -

Series A preferred stock, par value; and shares, respectively, issued, and outstanding 
 -

Series B preferred stock, par value; and shares, respectively, issued, and outstanding 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued, respectively, and and shares outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

NAUTICUS
ROBOTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Service 

Product 
 -

Service - related party 

Product - related party 
 -

Total revenue 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue (exclusive of items shown separately below) 

Depreciation 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Other (income) expense: 

Other income, net 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 -

Interest expense, net 

Total other (income) expense, net 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

NAUTICUS
ROBOTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at March 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Excercise of stock options 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at March 31, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Cancellation and exchange of convertible note in connection with reverse capitalization 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Conversion of Series A preferred stock in connection with reverse recapitalization 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

Conversion of Series B preferred stock in connection with reverse recapitalization 
 -
 
 -

- 
 - 
 
 Reverse recapitalization with Cleantech Acquisition Corp, net 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Earnout shares placed in escrow 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for PIPE Investment 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Equity issuance costs 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2022 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NAUTICUS
ROBOTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from
 operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Accretion of debt discount 

Stock-based compensation 

Loss on extinquishment of debt 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 -

Noncash impact of lease accounting 

Other income - Paycheck Protection Program Loan forgiveness 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 
 
 -

Contract assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 
 -

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash from operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

Purchase of short-term investments 
 
 -

Net cash from investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program Loan 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 -

Payments of note payable 

Proceeds from reverse recapitalization with CleanTech Acquisition Corp, net 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock for Pipe Investment 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of debentures and SPA Warrants, net of discount 
 
 -

Payment of transaction costs on equity funding 
 
 -

Net cash from financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 
 -
 
 -

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of convertible debt and accrued interest expense to common stock 
 
 -

Conversion of Series A preferred stock in connection with reverse recapitalization 
 
 -

Conversion of Series B preferred stock in connection with reverse recapitalization 
 
 -

Private and Public Warrant Liabilities assumed in reverse recapitalization 
 
 -

Fair value of SPA warrants at issuance 
 
 -

Loan commitment fee 
 -

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per share, that was issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the closing converted into shares of Nauticus Common stock, par value per share, Nauticus Preferred
Stock Conversion (b) each of Nauticus Robotic Holdings, Inc. s unsecured convertible note obligations outstanding was
converted into shares of Nauticus Common Stock in accordance with the terms of each such Nauticus Convertible Note; and (c) each share
of Nauticus Common Stock (including shares of Nauticus Common Stock outstanding as a result of the Nauticus Preferred Stock Conversion
and Nauticus Convertible Notes Conversion) was converted into the right to receive (i) the per share merger consideration and (ii) Earnout
Shares. 

additional shares of Common Stock (the
 Earnout Shares held in escrow. The Earnout Shares will be released upon occurrence of the following (each, a Triggering
Event ): 

shares of Common Stock, for a purchase price of per share and an aggregate purchase price of million (the Equity Financing ), and 

(the Debentures pursuant to a securities purchase agreement with certain investors providing net proceeds of inclusive of a original issue discount. The fair value of the SPA Warrants was estimated to be using a Monte Carlo valuation model incorporating future projections of the various potential outcomes and any exercise price adjustments based on future financing events. The Debentures are convertible into shares of Common Stock and associated warrants for an additional shares with an exercise price equal to per share, subject to adjustment SPA Warrants ). 

F- 7 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The Company also assumed 
in prepaids, in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, in notes payable and net equity of ). 

. This amount, together with proceeds of the PIPE Investment, were available to repay
certain indebtedness, transaction costs and for general corporate purposes. 

in direct and incremental costs associated with the Equity Financing, which primarily consisted of investment
banking, legal, accounting, and other professional fees. 

F- 8 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

is due on October 31, 2023. Any failure
by Triumph to make the initial deposit when due will be deemed breached by Triumph for failure to perform under the terms of the Agreement
as amended. Management has carefully considered all facts surrounding the Triumph contract and its ability to secure financing for its
capital projects, and as such, the Company has removed the contract from its internal projections and excluded all associated revenues
and costs. Accordingly, we have excluded Triumph from the unfulfilled performance obligation table in Note 3. 

. Historically, the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. There were no cash equivalents at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

F- 9 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-

Work in progress 
 
 -

Finished goods 
 -
 
 -

Total inventories 
 
 -

F- 10 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or
measurement are reflected in the period in which a change in judgment occurs. The Company had no material uncertain tax positions as
of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and of foreign currency transaction gains
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively that are included in other income, net. 

F- 11 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to work in process attributable to inventories and property and equipment. No amounts of interest were capitalized during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

of total revenue.
The total balance due from these customers as of December 31, 2022 comprised of accounts receivable. During the year ended December
31, 2021, sales to one customer accounted for of total revenue. The total balances due from this customer as of December 31, 2021,
made up of accounts receivable. No other customer represented more than of our revenue. 

F- 12 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other prepayments 

Other 

Total other current assets 

Accrued professional fees 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued insurance 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Advance customer payments 
 - 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses 

F- 13 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Firm fixed-price 

Firm fixed-price-vehicle lease 

Total 

, or per month for 18 months. Service revenue
for the Vehicle Lease totaled and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Vehicle Lease
was classified as an operating lease and revenue was recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term until its completion in December
2022. 

due from customers for contract billings and is expected to be collected within the next three to six months.
At December 31, 2021, accounts receivable, net totaled . The increase in accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 as compared
with December 31, 2021 corresponds to the higher revenue recognized in 2022 from new customer contracts. At December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, allowances for doubtful accounts included in accounts receivable totaled and , respectively. Bad debt expense was 
and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

during 2022, primarily due to the timing of the billing for the recognition of revenue related to the satisfaction
or partial satisfaction of performance obligations. 

of billings in excess of revenue recognized and for contract completion obligations associated with
a customer contract for a modified Aquanaut vehicle and are included in Accrued liabilities in the December 31, 2021 consolidated
balance sheet. These amounts were recognized in the consolidated statements of operations during 2022. 

million of revenue in future periods from unfulfilled performance obligations from existing
contracts with customers. 

Total unfulfilled performance obligations 

F- 14 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Property equipment 

Technology hardware equipment 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Construction in progress 

Total property and equipment, net 

-

RCB Equities #1, LLC term loan credit agreement 
 -

Contingently convertible promissory notes: 

Schlumberger Technology Corp. 
 -

Transocean Inc. 
 -

Goradia Capital LLC 
 -

Material Impact Fund II, LP 
 -

In-Q-Tel, Inc. 
 -

Total 

Less: debt discount, net 
 
 -

Less: current portion 
 -

Total notes payable long-term 

to per annum. Each of these contingently convertible note obligations were converted into shares of Nauticus Robotics
Holdings, Inc. Common Stock in accordance with the terms of each such note upon closing of the Business Combination. Each share of Nauticus
Robotics Holdings, Inc. Common Stock received was converted into 

together with SPA Warrants for proceeds of inclusive of a 
original issue discount. The fair value of the SPA Warrants was estimated to be using a Monte Carlo valuation model incorporating
future projections of the various potential outcomes and any exercise price adjustments based on future financing events. This amount
was recorded as a warrant liability and, together with the original issue discount, was recognized as a debt discount upon issuance totaling
 . 

F- 15 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Debentures are secured by first priority
interests, and liens on, all our assets, and mature on the fourth anniversary of the date of issuance, September 9, 2026. 

per share over their ten-year term at the holders option (further terms of the SPA Warrants are discussed in Note
10). 

of debt discount accretion for the period from September 9, 2022 through December 31, 2022,
and is included as part of interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Debentures effective interest rate is approximately
 . 

, with no interest and a maturity date of 60 days from the funding
date. We paid a origination fee with an additional fee due upon repayment. 

. The lease includes rent escalations and chargebacks to the Company for build-out costs. The right-of-use
asset and lease liability amounts were determined using an discount rate which was the interest rate related to the leasehold improvement
obligation. 

and matures on April 30, 2024. The balance of this obligation was and as of December 31, 2022, and
December 31, 2021, respectively, and is included in operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Total cash paid pursuant
to this lease was and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average remaining
lease term is months at December 31, 2022. 

discount rate. Cash paid pursuant to this lease during the year ended December 31, 2022 was and the weighted average remaining
lese term is months. 

at December 31, 2022. 

F- 16 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Variable lease expense 

Total operating lease expense 

2024 

2025 

Total minimum payments 

F- 17 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

respectively. The table below reconciles these effective tax rates with the U.S. federal statutory
income tax rate as follows: 

Tax at Federal Statutory Rate 

Federal Return to Accrual 
 -
 
 -

Non deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 
 -
 
 -

F- 18 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Stock Compensation 

Warrant Liability Gain/Loss 
 
 - 
 
 Net Operating Losses 

Business Credit Carryforward 

Capitalized R D 
 
 - 
 
 Other assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Unrealized F/X 
 
 - 
 
 Other Liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

million at December 31, 2022, of which about begin to expire in 2035 and the remainder have no expiration. The Company
has recorded a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets due to recurring net losses. 

shares of Common
Stock were outstanding at December 31, 2022. Former holders of CLAQ common stock hold a total of shares of Common Stock as a
result of the Business Combination. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock and shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding prior to the Business Combination.
Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc. Common Stock was issued in connection with the Nauticus Preferred Stock Conversion . Each share
of Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc. Common Stock was converted into (i) an aggregate of shares of Common Stock and (ii) a pro-rata
number of the total Earnout Shares in the Business Combination. 

shares of outstanding common stock at prices based upon agreed valuation formulas. These agreements were terminated at closing of the
Business Combination. 

shares
of Common Stock, for a purchase price of per share, for an aggregate of million. 

additional shares of Nauticus
Common Stock which are held in escrow. The Earnout Shares will be released upon occurrence of certain Triggering Events. At December 31,
2022, the earnout targets have not been achieved and the Earnout Shares remain in escrow. 

F- 19 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. Their estimated fair value upon issuance was determined
using a Monte Carlo valuation model which simulated our stock price and the timing of the lapse of the transfer restrictions. The issuance
of the Earnout Shares was treated as a deemed dividend. Because the Company does not have retained earnings, the issuance was recorded
within additional paid in capital. 

Public Warrants in the Business Combination which remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Each whole Public Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of , subject to adjustment. However, no Public Warrants will be exercisable
for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 120 days following
the consummation of the Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and
during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Public Warrants on a cashless basis
pursuant to an available exemption from exemption under the Securities Act. The Public Warrants expire on the fifth anniversary of our
completion of the Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Our Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the
symbol KITTW . 

per warrant: 

per share (subject to adjustment for splits, dividends, recapitalizations, and
other similar events), for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of
redemption to warrant holders, and 

based on
their publicly-traded price. The change in value of the Public Warrants during year ended December 31, 2022 totaled ) and was
reported with other (income) expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 

Private Warrants in the Business Combination which remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The Private Warrants are exercisable
for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of and are identical in all material respects to the Public Warrants except
that such Private Warrants are exercisable for cash (even if a registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of such warrants is not effective) or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in
each case so long as they are still held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates. The Private Warrants purchased by CleanTech Investments
are not exercisable after July 14, 2026, as long as Chardan Capital Markets, LLC or any of its related persons beneficially own these
Private Warrants. 

. 

F- 20 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SPA Warrants. The SPA Warrants are
exercisable for one share of Common Stock at a price of . If a registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the SPA Warrants is not effective upon the registered holder s election to exercise, the holder may, until such
time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise their SPA Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from exemption under the Securities Act.
The SPA Warrants expire after their initial issuance date, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

and was estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation
model incorporating future projections of the various potential outcomes and any exercise price adjustments based on future financing
events. The change in value of the SPA Warrants during year ended December 31, 2022 totaled and was reported with other (income)
expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 

equity units were available for future issuance under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

options outstanding for the purchase of its common stock. The outstanding options were converted into 
options to purchase shares of our Common Stock. Options vest assuming continuous service to the Company with of the options vesting
one year after grant and the balance vesting in a series of 36 successive equal monthly installments measured from the first anniversary
of grant. During the vesting period, the participants have voting rights, but the options may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged,
or otherwise encumbered. Unvested shares are forfeited upon termination of employment and vested shares may be repurchased by the Company
at its option. 

F- 21 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 
 - 

Expected term (years) 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 

Expected dividends 

in 2022 and in 2021 and was recorded in general and administrative expense.
As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to options to be recognized over a remaining
weighted average period of years. 

applied in the Business Combination): 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

F- 22 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively. The intrinsic value of all options outstanding at December 31, 2022
and 2021 was and , respectively. The intrinsic value of all exercisable options at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
 and , respectively. Stock-based compensation expense attributable to options totaled and in 2022
and 2021, respectively. The option expense was recorded in general and administrative expense. 

and , respectively. The tax benefit realized from stock-based compensation
was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Realization of this amount is dependent
on the generation of future taxable income. 

years. 

on the one-year anniversary of the new hire date and 
on the two-year anniversary of the new-hire date. 

and of the PRSUs,
subject to attainment of certain performance conditions which are based upon the Company s 2022 revenues. Earned PRSUs will vest on
December 31, 2023 and on December 31, 2024. 

of the target achieved according to the award agreements. The number of the PRSUs granted
was with vesting for a total amount of stock base compensation expense totaling at December 31, 2022. The PRSUs
expenses were recorded in general and administrative expense. 

F- 23 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Awarded 

Forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

years. 

for PRSUs and for RSUs and was recorded in general and administrative expense. As of December 31, 2022, we
had of future expense related to PRSUs to be recognized and of future expense related to RSUs over a weighted average
remaining life of years. Total stock-based compensation expense for 2022 including options, PRSUs, and RSUs totaled . 

of employees gross salaries and such contributions vest immediately. The
401(k) plan provides several investment options, for which the employee has sole investment discretion. The Company s cost for
the 401(k) plan was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accounts
receivable included and outstanding from Transocean Ltd. at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 24 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Material Impact Fund II, L.P. received in interest
payments on the Debentures from the Company. 

Less: deemed dividend for Earnout Shares 
 
 -

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares used to compute basic and diluted EPS

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share

Anti-dilutive securities excluded from shares outstanding: 

Stock options 

Restricted and performance stock units 
 
 -

Warrants 
 
 -

Earnout shares 
 
 -

Debentures 
 
 -

Total 

F- 25 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-
 
 -

Warrant liability - Private Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Warrant liability - SPA Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-

SPA Warrants from Convertible Note 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

is due on . Any failure by Triumph to make the
initial deposit when due will be deemed breached by Triumph for failure to perform under the terms of the Agreement as amended.
Management has carefully considered all facts surrounding the Triumph contract and its ability to secure financing for its capital
projects, and as such, the Company has removed the contract from its internal projections and excluded all associated revenues and
costs. Accordingly, we have excluded Triumph from the unfulfilled performance obligation table in Note 3. 

F- 26 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our
management, with the participation and supervision of our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, have evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information
we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting at the Company. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

Because of the previously disclosed material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. In light of this fact, our management, including
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has performed additional analyses, reconciliations, and other post-closing procedures
and has concluded that, notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, the consolidated financial
statements for the periods covered by and included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with GAAP. 

Previously identified material weakness. In
2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the standards established by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This material weakness related to a lack of qualified accounting and financial reporting personnel with an
appropriate level of experience and inadequate procedures for the accounting close process including obtaining information supporting
significant accounting estimates and judgments affecting the financial statements on a timely basis. As a result, our management concluded
that a material weakness existed in our internal control over financial reporting. 

52 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Through the year ended December 31, 2022,
we continued to implement remediation initiatives in response to the previously identified material weakness, including, but not limited
to, hiring additional experienced accounting and financial reporting personnel, as well as designing and implementing additional controls
over financial reporting, including those designed to strengthen our segregation of duties and review processes related to accounting
and financial statement presentation and disclosures. While we believe that these efforts have improved and will continue to improve our
internal control over financial reporting, remediation of the material weakness will require validation and testing of the design and
operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles. Our remediation activities are ongoing
and are subject to continued management review supported by ongoing design and testing of our framework of internal controls over financial
reporting. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting. We implemented changes to our internal control over financial reporting regarding our close procedures including adding
qualified staffing to address segregation of duties concerns. There were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period
covered by this Quarterly Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

Identified Material Weakness as of September 2022. We identified
a material weakness in controls over the accounting for complex warrant issuances and the classification of these issued warrants. While
we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements, other literature, and consultation
with third-party experts, we did not classify the warrants correctly. This material weakness resulted in the failure to prevent material
errors in accounting for the warrants as equity classification when the warrants should have been classified as liabilities, and marked
to market each reporting period, resulting in restatement of our financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2022. 

Remediation Plan. Management and our Audit Committee are currently
reviewing and determining a plan to remediate the material weakness described above and to enhance our overall control environment. We
will not consider the material weakness remediated until our enhanced control is operational for a sufficient period of time and tested,
enabling management to conclude that the enhanced controls are operating effectively. Our remediation plan includes the implementation
of controls over the process of reviewing significant and complex contracts and agreements. 

Inherent limitation on the effectiveness
of internal control. The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject
to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures,
and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, in designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognizes that any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated,
can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure
controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment
in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary
or appropriate for our business but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent
Inspections 

None. 

53 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item is
incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item is
incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item is
incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and
Director Independence 

The information required by this Item is
incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item is
incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) All financial statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) Financial statement schedules 

Not Applicable 

(3) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

54 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 Schedule/ 
Form 
 
 File Number 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement dated as of December 16, 2021, by and among CleanTech Acquisition Corp., CleanTech Merger Sub, Inc., Nauticus Robotics, Inc., and Nicolaus Radford, as amended on January 30, 2021. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 2.1 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 2.1.1 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Underwriting Agreement dated January 27, 2023 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 2.1 
 
 June 6, 2022 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 3.1 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 3.1 
 
 July 19, 2022 
 
 3.2 
 
 Form of Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of CLAQ. 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 11 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.33 
 
 August 12, 2022 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form S-1/A 
 
 333-256578 
 
 3.3 
 
 July 6, 2021 
 
 3.4 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 11 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.33 
 
 August 12, 2022 
 
 3.5 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Nauticus Robotics, Inc. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 3.5 
 
 September 15, 2022 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Nauticus Robotics, Inc. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 3.6 
 
 September 15, 2022 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate of CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form S-1/A 
 
 333-256578 
 
 4.1 
 
 July 6, 2021 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form S-1/A 
 
 333-256578 
 
 4.2 
 
 July 6, 2021 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate of CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form S-1/A 
 
 333-256578 
 
 4.3 
 
 July 6, 2021 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 4.1 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 4.5 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 4.2 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of 5 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured DEBENTURE to be issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 16, 2021 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 4 
 
 333-262431 
 
 4.6 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 16, 2021 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 4 
 
 333-262431 
 
 4.7 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 4.8 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by CleanTech Acquisition Corp. s officers and directors. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by CleanTech Sponsor, LLC and CleanTech Investments, LLC. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.2 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.3 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 10.3.1 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 19, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and CleanTech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 1.1 
 
 July 19, 2022 
 
 10.4 
 
 Escrow Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by and among CleanTech Acquisition Corp., Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and each of the initial stockholders. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.4 
 
 July 21, 2021 

55 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 Schedule/ 
Form 
 
 File Number 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 Filing Date 

10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by and among CleanTech Acquisition Corp., and the initial stockholders. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.5 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 10.6 
 
 Indemnity Agreements dated July 14, 2021 by and between CleanTech Acquisition Corp. and its directors and officers. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.6 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 10.7 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by and between CleanTech Acquisition Corp., CleanTech Sponsor, LLC and CleanTech Investments, LLC. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.7 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 10.8 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by and between CleanTech Acquisition Corp. and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.8 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 10.9 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by and between CleanTech Acquisition Corp. and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.9 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 10.10 
 
 Financial Advisory Agreement by and between CleanTech Acquisition Corp. and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated December 14, 2021. 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 1 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.10 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 10.11 
 
 Support Agreement by and among CleanTech Acquisition Corp., CleanTech Sponsor I LLC, CleanTech Investments, LLC and Nauticus Robotics, Inc. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 10.12 
 
 Support Agreement by and among CleanTech Acquisition Corp., Nauticus Robotics, Inc. and certain shareholders of Nauticus Robotics, Inc. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.2 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for certain investors 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.3 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 10.14 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and among CleanTech Acquisition Corp., Nauticus Robotics, Inc. and certain investors named therein. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.4 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 10.14.1 
 
 Agreement among CleanTech Acquisition Corp., Nauticus Robotics, Inc. and ATW Partners Opportunities Management, LLC dated January 31, 2022 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 1 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.14.1 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 10.14.2 
 
 Letter Agreement between ATW Special Situations I LLC and Material Impact Fund II, L.P. dated December 15, 2021 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 3 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.14.2 
 
 May 23, 2022 
 
 10.14.3 
 
 Letter Agreement between ATW Special Situations I and The 2022 SLS Family Irrevocable Trust dated September 9, 2022 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.14.3 
 
 September 15, 2022 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Nauticus Robotics, Inc. Stockholder Lock-up Agreement (included as Exhibit H-1 to Exhibit 2.1 hereto) 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.5 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Lock-up Agreement for certain holders of Nauticus Robotics, Inc. (f/k/a CleanTech Acquisition Corp.) (included as Exhibit H-2 to the Exhibit 2.1 hereto) 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.6 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement by and among CleanTech Acquisition Corp., Nauticus and certain stockholders. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.7 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Director Nomination Agreement. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.8 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 10.19 
 
 Director Designation Agreement 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.9 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 10.20 
 
 Battery Supplier Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2021. 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 4 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.20 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 10.21 
 
 Fabrication Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2022. 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 4 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.21 
 
 June 16, 2022 

56 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 Schedule/ 
Form 
 
 File Number 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 Filing Date 

10.22 
 
 Construction Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2022. 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 4 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.22 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 10.23 
 
 Commercial Proposal, dated as of December 6, 2021. 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 4 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.23 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 10.24 
 
 Defense Innovation Unit Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2021. 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 4 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.24 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 10.25 
 
 Subcontract Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2021. 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 4 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.25 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 10.26 
 
 Amended and Restated Financial Advisory Agreement by and between Nauticus Robotics, Inc. and Coastal Equities, Inc. dated April 25, 2022 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 2 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.27 
 
 April 27, 2022 
 
 10.27 
 
 Financial Advisory Agreement by and between CleanTech Acquisition Corp. and Roth Capital Partners, LLC dated February 11, 2022 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 3 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.28 
 
 May 23, 2022 
 
 10.28 
 
 Financial Advisory Agreement by and among CleanTech Acquisition Corp., Nauticus Robotics, Inc. and Lake Street Capital Markets dated February 28, 2022 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 3 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.29 
 
 May 23, 2022 
 
 10.29 
 
 Kongsberg Maritime AS Agreement, dated March 21, 2022 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 4 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.30 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 10.30 
 
 Collaboration Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 4 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.31 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 
 10.31 
 
 Memorandum of Understanding, effective as of April 21, 2022 
 
 Form S-4 Am. No. 3 
 
 333-262431 
 
 10.32 
 
 May 23, 2022 
 
 10.32 
 
 2022 Nauticus Robotics, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 10.9 
 
 September 15, 2022 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of Nauticus Robotics, Inc. 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 14.1 
 
 September 15, 2022 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from WithumSmith+Brown, PC to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 Form 8-K 
 
 001-40611 
 
 16.1 
 
 September 15, 2022 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

March
 28, 2023 
 /s/
 Nicolaus Radford 

Nicolaus
 Radford 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

Power
of Attorney 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Nicolaus Radford and Rangan Padmanabhan,
jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute
or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Nicolaus Radford 

Nicolaus Radford 

Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Rangan Padmanabhan 

Rangan Padmanabhan 

Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Lisa J. Porter 

Lisa J. Porter 

Chairman of the Board 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Jim Bellingham 

Jim Bellingham 

Director 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Joseph W. Dyer 

Joseph W. Dyer 

Director 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ John W. Gibson, Jr. 

John W. Gibson, Jr. 

Director 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Mark Mey 

Mark Mey 

Director 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Adam Sharkawy 

Adam Sharkawy 

Director 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Eli Spiro 

Eli Spiro 

Director 

58 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-8_nauticus.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.8 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The following summary sets
forth the material terms of our securities. The following summary is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences
of such securities, and is qualified by reference to the Charter and the amended and restated bylaws, of which a copy of each is filed
as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this description forms a part. We urge you to read the Charter and our amended
and restated bylaws in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

Authorized and Outstanding Stock 

Our Charter authorizes the
issuance of 635,000,000 total shares, consisting of (a) 625,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and (b) 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock. 47,250,773 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. No shares of preferred stock are outstanding
as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Voting Power 

Except as otherwise required
by law or as otherwise provided in any certificate of designation for any series of preferred stock, the holders of Common Stock possess
all voting power for the election of our directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action. Holders of the Common Stock are
entitled to one vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Dividends 

Subject to applicable law and
the rights and preferences of any holders of any outstanding series of our preferred stock, the holders of the Common Stock, as such,
shall be entitled to the payment of dividends on the Common Stock when, as and if declared by our board of directors in accordance with
applicable law. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of the Business Combination. It is the present intention of the board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring
any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Liquidation 

Subject to the rights and preferences
of any holders of any shares of any outstanding series of our preferred stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the funds and assets of the Company that may be legally distributed to our stockholders
shall be distributed among the holders of the then outstanding the Common Stock pro rata in accordance with the number of shares of the
Common Stock held by each such holder. 

Preemptive or Other Rights 

There are no sinking fund provisions
applicable to the Common Stock. 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our Charter and the amended
and restated bylaws (the Bylaws limit the liability of our directors and provide for the indemnification of our current
and former officers and directors, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 

We have entered into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our Charter
and Bylaws. The Charter and Bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability
arising out of his or her actions. 

In connection with the Closing,
CleanTech purchased a tail policy with respect to liability coverage for the benefit of former CleanTech officers and directors. We will
maintain such tail policy for a period of no less than six (6) years following the Closing. 

These provisions may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs
of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions,
the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented
and experienced officers and directors. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law; Charter and Bylaws 

The Charter and Bylaws contain,
and the General Corporate Law of the State of Delaware DGCL contains, provisions, as summarized in the following paragraphs,
that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of the Board. These provisions are intended
to avoid costly takeover battles, reduce our vulnerability to a hostile change of control and enhance the Board s ability to maximize
stockholder value in connection with any unsolicited offer to acquire the Company. However, these provisions may have an anti-takeover
effect and may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of the Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover
attempt that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the prevailing
market price for the shares of Common Stock held by stockholders. 

Delaware Law 

We are governed by the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL. Section 203 generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business
combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in
which the person became an interested stockholder, unless (with certain exceptions) the business combination or the transaction in which
the person became an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Generally, a business combination includes
a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally, an interested
stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years prior to the determination
of interested stockholder status, did own) 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. These provisions may have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing changes in control of the Company not approved in advance by the Board. 

Special Meetings 

The Charter provides that special
meetings of the stockholders may be called only by or at the direction of the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive
Officer. The Bylaws prohibit the conduct of any business at a special meeting other than as specified in the notice for such meeting.
These provisions may have the effect of deferring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers or changes in control or management of our
company. 

Advance Notice of Director Nominations and
New Business 

The Bylaws state that in order
for a stockholder to propose nominations of candidates to be elected as directors or any other proper business to be considered by stockholders
at the annual meeting, such stockholder must, among other things, provide notice thereof in writing to the secretary at the principal
executive offices of Nauticus within the time periods set forth in the Bylaws. Such notice must contain, among other things, certain information
about the stockholder giving the notice (and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made) and certain
information about any nominee or other proposed business. Stockholder proposals of business other than director nominations cannot be
submitted in connection with special meetings of stockholders. 

The Bylaws allow the presiding
officer at a meeting of stockholders to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings which may have the effect of precluding
the conduct of certain business at a meeting if such rules and regulations are not followed. These provisions may also defer, delay or
discourage a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise
attempting to influence or obtain control of our company. 

Supermajority Voting for Amendments to Our
Governing Documents 

Certain amendments to the Charter
require the affirmative vote of at least 66 of the voting power of all shares of our Common Stock then outstanding. The Charter
provides that the Board is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws and that our stockholders may amend certain provision
of the Bylaws only with the approval of at least 66 of the voting power of all shares of our Common Stock then outstanding. These
provisions make it more difficult for stockholders to change the Charter or Bylaws and may, therefore, defer, delay or discourage a potential
acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to amend the Charter or Bylaws or otherwise attempting to influence or obtain control
of the Company. 

2 

No Cumulative Voting 

The DGCL provides that a stockholder s
right to vote cumulatively in the election of directors does not exist unless the certificate of incorporation specifically provides otherwise.
The Charter does not provide for cumulative voting. The prohibition on cumulative voting has the effect of making it more difficult for
stockholders to change the composition of the Board. 

Classified Board of Directors 

The Charter provides that the
Board is divided into three classes of directors, with the classes to be as nearly equal in number as possible, designated Class I,
Class II and Class III. The terms of Class I, Class II and Class III directors end at our 2023, 2024 and
2025 annual meetings of stockholders, respectively. Directors of each class the term of which shall then expire shall be elected to hold
office for a three-year term. The classification of directors has the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the
composition of our Board and require a longer time period to do so. The Charter provides that the number of directors will be fixed from
time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the Board. The classification of directors has the effect of making it more
difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our Board. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of the
Board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more meetings of stockholders at which directors are elected. 

Removal of Directors; Vacancies 

The Charter and Bylaws provide
that, so long as the Board is classified, directors may be removed only for cause and only upon the affirmative vote of holders of at
least 66 of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
voting together as a single class. Therefore, because stockholders cannot call a special meeting of stockholders, as discussed above,
stockholders may only submit a stockholder proposal for the purpose of removing a director at an annual meeting. The Charter and Bylaws
provide that vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors shall be filled
only by a majority of the directors then in office or by a sole remaining director. Therefore, while stockholders may remove a director,
stockholders are not able to elect new directors to fill any resulting vacancies that may be created as a result of such removal. 

Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

The DGCL permits any action
required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders to be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without
a vote if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than
the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of stock entitled
to vote thereon were present and voted, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. The Charter and Bylaws preclude stockholder
action by written consent. This prohibition, combined with the fact stockholders cannot call a special meeting, as discussed above, means
that stockholders are limited in the manner in which they can bring proposals and nominations for stockholder consideration, making it
more difficult to effect change in our governing documents and the Board. 

Warrants 

As of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, 8,625,000 Public Warrants are outstanding. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one
share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the completion
of the Business Combination. However, no Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration
statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such
shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Public Warrants is not effective within 120 days following the consummation of the Business Combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from exemption under the Securities
Act. The Public Warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of the Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Private Warrants, as well
as any warrants underlying the additional Units we issued to officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital
loans made to us, are identical in all material respects to the Public Warrants underlying the public Units except that (i) each
Private Warrant is exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and (ii) such Private Warrants
will be exercisable for cash (even if a registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants
is not effective) or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they
are still held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates. The Private Warrants purchased by CleanTech Investments will not be exercisable
more than five years from July 14, 2021, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8), as long as Chardan Capital Markets,
LLC or any of its related persons beneficially own these private warrants. 

3 

Concurrent with the Closing
and pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, Nauticus issued 2,922,425 warrants to certain investors (the SPA Warrants ).
The SPA Warrants are immediately exercisable upon issuance and entitle the registered holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at
a price of 20.00. If a registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the SPA Warrants is not effective
upon the registered holder s election to exercise their SPA Warrants, the registered holder may, until such time as there is an
effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise
their SPA Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from exemption under the Securities Act. The SPA Warrants will
expire ten years after their initial issuance date, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Redemption 

We may call the outstanding
Public Warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants and SPA Warrants but including any warrants already issued upon exercise
of the unit purchase option), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at
 any time after the Public Warrants become exercisable, 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of Common Stock equals or exceeds
 16.50 per share (subject to adjustment for splits, dividends, recapitalizations and other
 similar events), for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period ending
 on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders, and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares
 of Common Stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading
 period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of rede mption.
On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a Warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for
such holder s Warrant upon surrender of such Warrant. 

The redemption criteria for
our Warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise
price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the
share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price
of the Warrants, however, such redemption may occur at a time when the redeemable warrants are out-of-the-money, in which
case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of our Common Stock had your Warrants remained
outstanding. Historical trading prices for our Common Stock have not exceeded the 16.50 per share threshold at which the Public Warrants
would become redeemable. However, this could occur in connection with or after the closing of the Business Combination. 

In the event we determined
to redeem our Public Warrants, holders of redeemable Public Warrants will be notified of such redemption as described in our warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us, dated July 14, 2021 (the Warrant Agreement ).
Specifically, in the event that we elect to redeem all of the redeemable Warrants as described above, we will fix a date for the redemption
(the Redemption Date ). Notice of redemption will be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by us not less than 30 days
prior to the Redemption Date to the registered holders of the redeemable Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they appear
on the Warrant Register. Any notice mailed in the manner provided in the Warrant Agreement will be conclusively presumed to have been
duly given whether or not the registered holder received such notice. In addition, beneficial owners of the redeemable Warrants will be
notified of such redemption via posting of the redemption notice to DTC. 

If we call the Warrants for
redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a
 cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of
shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying
the Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Warrants and the fair market value by (y) the
fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of our Common Stock for the 10 trading days
ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants. Whether
we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety
of factors including the price of our common shares at the time the Warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and
concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

4 

If our management takes advantage
of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Common Stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of Common Stock to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. 

We believe this feature is
an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the Warrants after the Business Combination. If we call our
warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, the holders of the Private Warrants and their permitted
transferees would still be entitled to exercise their Private Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described
above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a
cashless basis. 

The Warrants were issued in
registered form under the Warrant Agreement which provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder
to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of the
holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders. 

The exercise price and number
of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share
dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. In addition, if we issue additional
shares of Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the Business Combination
at a newly issued price of less than 9.20 per share of Common Stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by our Board and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into
account any founder shares or private warrants held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance), the exercise price of the Warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the newly issued price and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price
described below under will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the market value (the volume weighted average trading
price of the Common Stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the consummation of
the Business Combination). 

The Warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price,
by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights
or privileges of holders of shares of Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Common
Stock. After the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share
held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Except as described above,
no Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash, and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Common Stock unless at the time a holder
seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is current
and the shares of Common Stock have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the holder of the Warrants. Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions
and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants until the expiration
of the Warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating
to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their Warrants, and we will not
be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
the warrants is not current or if the Common Stock is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders
of the Warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the Warrants may have no value,
the market for the Warrants may be limited, and the Warrants may expire worthless. 

A holder of a Warrant may notify
us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such Warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 or 9.99 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of Common Stock outstanding. 

No fractional shares will be
issued upon exercise of the Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in
a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the warrant
holder. 

We have agreed that, subject
to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim.
This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which
the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

5 

Contractual Arrangements with respect to
the Certain Warrants 

We have agreed that so long
as the Private Warrants are still held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates, we will not redeem such warrants, and we will allow
the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. However, once any of the foregoing warrants are transferred from the initial
purchasers or their affiliates, these arrangements will no longer apply. Furthermore, because the private warrants were issued in a private
transaction, the holders and their transferees are allowed to exercise the private warrants for cash even if a registration statement
covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Warrants is not effective and receive unregistered shares of Common
Stock. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our
Common Stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 1 State Street, New York,
New York 10004. 

Listing of Securities 

Our Common Stock and Warrants
are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols KITT and KITTW . 

6 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_nauticus.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

NAUTICUS ROBOTICS, INC. 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 
 Nauticus Robotics Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_nauticus.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Nicolaus Radford, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K of Nauticus Robotics, Inc .; 

2. Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/
 Nicolaus Radford 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_nauticus.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Rangan Padmanabhan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K of Nauticus Robotics, Inc .; 

2. Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/
 Rangan Padmanabhan 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_nauticus.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. s.1350 as adopted
pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley act of 2002, I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Nauticus
Robotics, Inc . (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2022, (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Nicolaus Radford 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_nauticus.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. s.1350 as adopted
pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley act of 2002, I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Nauticus
Robotics, Inc . (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2022, (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Rangan Padmanabhan 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 kitt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 kitt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 kitt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 kitt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 kitt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

