<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1690012_0000950170-23-010947.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25337563</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>579413</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3005625</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13423063</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2666185</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5042677</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010947.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161708
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010947
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001690012
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				320506267
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40833
		FILM NUMBER:		23780913

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 BUTTERFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630-218-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 BUTTERFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010947.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 ck0001690012-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 There is no established market for the registrant s shares of common stock. As of March 29, 2023 , the Registrant had 10,114,471 shares of common stock outstanding, consisting of: shares of Class P common stock, shares of Class A common stock, shares of Class T common stock, shares of Class D common stock, shares of Class I common stock and shares of Class S common stock. 
 
 Auditor Name: 	Auditor Location: 	Auditor Firm ID: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 39 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 48 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 49 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 68 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 70 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 70 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 70 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 70 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 70 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 71 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 76 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 77 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 78 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 83 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 84 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 84 

Summary of Risk Factors 
 We are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in our forward-looking statements, including those summarized below. The following list of risks and uncertainties is only a summary of some of the most important factors and is not intended to be exhaustive. This risk factor summary should be read together with the more detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties set forth under Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Defined terms used in this summary have the meanings provided elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks Related to an Investment in Our Company 
 There is no public trading market for shares of our common stock; therefore, our stockholders ability to dispose of their shares will likely be limited to repurchase by us through our share repurchase plan SRP ). Our SRP is currently suspended. If we resume our SRP in the future, we may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, in our discretion at any time, and the amount of shares we may repurchase is subject to limits. Further, our Board may modify, suspend or terminate our SRP if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. If stockholders do sell their shares to us, they may receive less than the price they paid. 

The amount and source of distributions we may pay to our stockholders is uncertain, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to pay distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future. 

We have paid and may continue to pay distributions from sources other than our earnings and cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings or offering proceeds, and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. 

Purchases in our Public Offerings and repurchases of shares of our common stock are not made based on the current net asset value NAV per share of our common stock as of the date of purchase or repurchase. 

Valuations and appraisals of our properties and real estate-related assets are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value. 

If we are unable to raise substantial funds, we will be limited in the number and type of investments we make and the value of investments in us will fluctuate with the performance of the specific assets we acquire. 

NAV calculations are not governed by governmental or independent securities, financial or accounting rules or standards. 

Because we are dependent upon Inland InPoint Advisor, LLC (the Advisor ), SPCRE InPoint Advisors, LLC (the Sub-Advisor and their affiliates to conduct our operations and we are also dependent upon Inland Securities Corporation, an affiliate of the Advisor (the Dealer Manager and its affiliates to raise capital, any adverse changes in the financial health of these entities or our relationship with them could hinder our operating performance and the return on our stockholders investment. 

Risks Related to Our Investments 
 The commercial real estate CRE debt we originate and invest in and mortgage loans underlying the CRE securities we invest in are subject to risks of delinquency, taking title to collateral, loss and bankruptcy of the borrower under the loan. If the borrower defaults, it may result in losses to us. 

We acquired a hotel from one of our borrowers and may acquire additional hotels. For so long as we own hotels or invest in loans secured by hotels and securities collateralized by hotels, we will be exposed to the unique risks of the hospitality sector, including seasonality, volatility or a severe reduction in occupancy due to another unforeseen cause. 

A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession or declining real estate values could harm our investments. 

We may not be effective in originating, acquiring and managing our investments. 

We may be subject to risks associated with future advance or capital expenditure obligations, such as declining real estate values and operating performance. 

We may be unable to restructure our investments in a manner that we believe maximizes value, particularly if we are one of multiple creditors in a large capital structure. 

CRE debt restructurings may reduce our net interest income or require provisions for loan losses. 

Our CRE debt and securities investments may be adversely affected by changes in credit spreads. 

Provision for loan losses is difficult to estimate, particularly in a challenging economic environment. 

The subordinate CRE debt we originate and acquire may be subject to risks relating to the structure and terms of the related transactions, as well as subordination in bankruptcy, and there may not be sufficient funds or assets remaining to satisfy our investments, which may result in losses to us. 

We may make investments in assets with lower credit quality, which will increase our risk of losses. 

Floating-rate CRE debt, which is often associated with transitional assets, may entail greater risks of default to us than fixed-rate CRE debt. 

3 
 
 Fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads could reduce our ability to generate income on our loans and other investments, which could lead to a significant decrease in our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments and may limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 

Insurance may not cover all potential losses on CRE investments, which may impair the value of our assets. 

If we overestimate the value or income-producing ability or incorrectly price the risks of our investments, we may experience losses. 

Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with our properties or our real estate-related investments may materially impair the value of our investments and expose us to liability. 

We may invest in CRE securities, including commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS ), CRE, collateralized loan obligations CLOs and other subordinate securities. 

The terms of our CRE debt investments are based on our projections of market demand, as well as on market factors, and our return on our investment may be lower than expected if any of our projections are inaccurate. 

Risks Related to Our Financing Strategy 
 We use leverage to originate and acquire our investments, which may adversely affect our return on our investments and may reduce cash available for distribution. 

Our performance can be negatively affected by fluctuations in interest rates and shifts in the yield curve may cause losses. 

We use short-term borrowings to finance our investments and may need to use such borrowings for extended periods of time to the extent we are unable to access long-term financing. This exposes us to increased risks associated with decreases in the fair value of the underlying collateral, which have had an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations in the past and may result in such adverse impacts again. 

The repurchase agreements, secured loans and other financing arrangements that we use to finance our investments may require us to provide additional collateral and may restrict us from leveraging our assets as fully as desired. 

Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest 
 The Sub-Advisor may face a conflict of interest with respect to the allocation of investment opportunities and competition for tenants between us and other real estate programs affiliated with Sound Point. 

The Advisor faces a conflict of interest because the management fee and performance fee are based on the value of our investment portfolio as determined in connection with our determination of NAV, which is calculated by the Advisor. 

Our executive officers, our affiliated directors and the key real estate professionals acting on behalf of the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor face conflicts of interest related to their positions or interests in affiliates of Inland and Sound Point, which could hinder our ability to implement our business strategy and to generate returns to our stockholders. 

Our UPREIT structure may result in potential conflicts of interest with limited partners in the Operating Partnership whose interests may not be aligned with those of our stockholders. 

Risks Related to our REIT Status and Certain Other Tax Items 
 If we do not maintain our qualification as a REIT, we will be subject to tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability. 

Modification of the terms of our CRE debt investments and mortgage loans underlying our CMBS in conjunction with reductions in the value of the real property securing such loans could cause us to fail to continue to qualify as a REIT. 

Compliance with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities, which may hinder or delay our ability to meet our investment objectives and reduce overall returns to stockholders. 

Our charter does not permit any person or group to own more than 9.8 of our outstanding common stock or of our outstanding capital stock of all classes or series, and attempts to acquire our common stock or our capital stock of all other classes or series in excess of these 9.8 limits would not be effective without an exemption from these limits by our Board. 

Foreclosures may impact our ability to qualify as a REIT and minimize tax liabilities. 

4 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 General Development of the Business 
 InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (the Company , we, our or us holds a diversified portfolio of CRE investments primarily comprised of (i) CRE debt, including (a) primarily floating rate first mortgage loans, and (b) subordinate mortgage and mezzanine loans, and participations in such loans and (ii) floating rate CRE securities, such as CMBS, and senior unsecured debt of publicly traded real estate investment trusts REITs ). We may also invest in select equity investments in single-tenant, net leased properties. Substantially all of our business is conducted through InPoint REIT Operating Partnership, LP (the Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership. We are the sole general partner and directly or indirectly hold all of the limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We are not a mutual fund and do not intend to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 
 We are externally managed by the Advisor, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation IREIC ), our sponsor, a member of The Inland Real Estate Group of Companies, Inc. Inland ). The Advisor is responsible for coordinating the management of the day-to-day operations and originating, acquiring and managing our CRE investment portfolio, subject to the supervision of our board of directors (the Board ). The Advisor performs its duties and responsibilities as our fiduciary pursuant to an amended and restated advisory agreement dated July 1, 2021 among the Company, the Advisor and the Operating Partnership (as amended, the Advisory Agreement ). 
 The Advisor has delegated certain of its duties to the Sub-Advisor, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sound Point CRE Management, LP Sound Point CRE ), pursuant to an amended and restated sub-advisory agreement between the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor dated July 1, 2021. Sound Point CRE is a subsidiary of Sound Point Capital Management, LP Sound Point ). Among other duties, the Sub-Advisor has the authority to identify, negotiate, acquire and originate our investments and provide portfolio management, disposition, property management and leasing services to the Company. Notwithstanding such delegation to the Sub-Advisor, the Advisor retains ultimate responsibility for the performance of all the matters entrusted to it under the Advisory Agreement, including those duties which the Advisor has not delegated to the Sub-Advisor such as (i) valuation of our assets and calculation of our NAV; (ii) management of our day-to-day operations; (iii) preparation of stockholder reports and communications and arrangement of our annual stockholder meetings; and (iv) advising the Company regarding its initial qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and monitoring its ongoing compliance with the REIT qualification requirements thereafter. 
 On October 25, 2016, we commenced a private offering (the Private Offering of up to 500.0 million in shares of Class P common stock Class P Shares ). The Dealer Manager, an affiliate of the Advisor, was the dealer manager for the Private Offering. On June 28, 2019, we terminated the Private Offering. We continued to accept Private Offering subscription proceeds through July 16, 2019 from subscription agreements executed no later than June 28, 2019. We issued 10,258,094 Class P Shares in the Private Offering, resulting in gross proceeds of 276.7 million. 
 On March 22, 2019, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-230465) (the Registration Statement to register up to 2.35 billion in shares of common stock in our initial public offering (the IPO ). 
 On May 3, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC declared effective the Registration Statement and we commenced the IPO. The purchase price per share for each class of common stock in the IPO varied and generally equaled our prior month s NAV per share, as determined monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. The Dealer Manager served as our exclusive dealer manager for the IPO on a best efforts basis. 
 On March 24, 2020, the Board suspended (i) the sale of shares in the IPO, (ii) the operation of the SRP, (iii) the payment of distributions to our stockholders, and (iv) the operation of the distribution reinvestment plan (the DRP ), effective as of April 6, 2020. In determining to take these actions, the Board considered various factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, the inability to accurately calculate the NAV per share due to uncertainty, volatility and lack of liquidity in the market, our need for liquidity due to financing challenges related to additional collateral required by the banks that regularly finance our assets and uncertain and rapidly changing economic conditions. 
 As a result of these factors, we did not calculate our NAV for the months of March through May 2020. We resumed calculation of our NAV beginning as of June 30, 2020 following the Advisor s determination that volatility in the market for our investments had declined and the U.S. economic outlook had improved. In August 2020, we resumed paying distributions monthly to stockholders of record for all classes of our common stock. On October 1, 2020, the SEC declared effective our post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, thereby permitting us to resume offers and sales of shares of common stock in the IPO, including through the DRP. 
 5 
 
 On March 1, 2021, the SRP was reinstated for our stockholders requesting repurchase of shares as a result of the death or qualified disability of the holder, and on July 1, 2021, the SRP was reinstated for all stockholders. In accordance with the terms of the SRP that allow us to repurchase fewer shares than the maximum amount permitted under the SRP, we repurchased fewer shares than the maximum amount permitted for the months of July, August and September 2021 as directed by the Board. Beginning on October 1, 2021, the total amount of aggregate repurchases of shares is limited as set forth in the SRP (no more than 2 of our aggregate NAV per month as of the last day of the previous calendar month and no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter with NAV measured as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter). Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may repurchase fewer shares than these limits in any month, or none. Further, the Board may modify, suspend or terminate the SRP if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. 
 On September 22, 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering of 3,500,000 shares of our 6.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), with a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share (the Preferred Stock Offering ). In addition, on October 15, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option and purchased an additional 100,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock was issued and sold pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-258802) filed with the SEC. We received net proceeds of 86.3 million, after underwriter s discount and issuance costs and contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for an equivalent number of Series A units in the Operating Partnership. 
 In connection with the Preferred Stock Offering, Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, prohibited us from selling our shares of common stock in our primary portion of our IPO and repurchasing our shares of common stock through our SRP during the applicable restricted period. After careful consideration of the regulatory requirements, the Board unanimously approved the temporary suspension of the sale of our shares of common stock in the primary portion of our IPO and the operation of our SRP, each effective at 9:30 a.m., Eastern Time, on September 7, 2021, until 9:30 a.m., Eastern Time, on September 15, 2021. 
 
 On April 28, 2022, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-264540) (the 2022 Registration Statement with the SEC to register up to 2.2 billion in shares of common stock, which was declared effective by the SEC on November 2, 2022 (the Second Public Offering , and collectively with the IPO, the Public Offerings ). 
 On August 11, 2022, the Board authorized and approved a share repurchase program (the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program pursuant to which we may repurchase up to the lesser of 1,000,000 shares or 15 million of the outstanding shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock through December 31, 2022. Under the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program, repurchases of shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock may be made at management s discretion from time to time through open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions, block purchases or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The Company cannot predict when or if it will repurchase any shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Repurchase Program may be suspended, extended or terminated by the Company at any time without prior notice. 
 On January 30, 2023, the Board unanimously approved the suspension of the operation of the SRP and the sale of shares in the Second Public Offering, effective immediately, and the sale of shares pursuant to our DRP, effective as of February 10, 2023. The sale of shares in the Second Public Offering, the SRP, and the DRP shall each remain suspended unless and until such time as the Board approves their resumption. In connection with the foregoing, the Board has decided to evaluate strategic alternatives available to us. On January 30, 2023, the Board also unanimously approved the termination of the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program. 
 As of March 29, 2023, we had received and accepted investors subscriptions for and issued 794,715 Class A shares, 464,881 Class T shares, 53,815 Class D shares and 489,069 Class I shares in the Public Offerings, resulting in gross proceeds of 44.9 million, including proceeds from the DRP. As of March 29, 2023, 2.198 billion of common stock remained available to be sold in the Second Public Offering. 
 For more information on the Public Offerings and the Preferred Stock Offering, see Part IV, Item 15, Note 7 Stockholders Equity. 
 We established the following programs to facilitate additional investment in our shares and to provide limited liquidity for stockholders. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We adopted the DRP, whereby Class A, Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I stockholders have the option to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. Any cash distributions attributable to the class or classes of shares owned by participants in the DRP will be immediately reinvested in the same class of our shares of common stock on behalf of the participants on the business day such distribution would have been paid to such stockholder. 
 The per share purchase price for shares purchased pursuant to the DRP is equal to the most recently published transaction price at the time the distribution is payable. Stockholders will not pay upfront selling commissions when purchasing shares pursuant to the DRP. 
 6 
 
 The stockholder servicing fees with respect to shares of our Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on our NAV for those shares and may reduce the NAV or, alternatively, the distributions payable with respect to shares of each such class, including shares issued in respect of distributions on such shares under the DRP. 
 We reserve the right to amend, suspend or terminate our DRP without the consent of our stockholders, provided that notice is sent to participants at least ten business days prior to the effective date. Participants may terminate their participation in the DRP with five business days prior written notice to us. As noted above, on January 30, 2023, the Board unanimously approved the suspension of the sale of shares pursuant to our DRP effective as of February 10, 2023. 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 We adopted the SRP, whereby on a monthly basis, stockholders who have held their shares of common stock for at least one year may request that we repurchase all or any portion of their shares. Due to the illiquid nature of investments in real estate, we may not have sufficient liquid resources to fund repurchase requests. Because there is no public market for our common shares, stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares if we choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased in any particular month, in our discretion, or if our Board modifies, suspends or terminates the SRP. 
 In addition, we have established limitations on the amount of funds we may use for repurchases during any calendar month and quarter. We may repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month to be repurchased under our SRP, or none at all, in our discretion at any time. In addition, the total amount of aggregate repurchases of shares will be limited to no more than 2 of our aggregate NAV per month and no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter. 
 As noted above, our Board suspended the SRP on March 24, 2020. On March 1, 2021, our SRP was reinstated for our stockholders requesting repurchase of shares as a result of the death or qualified disability of the holder. On July 1, 2021, our SRP was reinstated for all stockholders. The first settlement of permitted repurchase requests was on July 30, 2021, the last business day of the month. In accordance with the terms of the SRP that allow us to repurchase fewer shares than the maximum amount permitted under the SRP, we repurchased fewer shares than the maximum amount permitted for the months of July, August and September 2021 as directed by the Board. Beginning on October 1, 2021, the total amount of aggregate repurchases of shares is limited as set forth in the SRP (no more than 2 of our aggregate NAV per month as of the last day of the previous calendar month and no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter with NAV measured as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter). Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may repurchase fewer shares than these limits in any month, or none. Further, our Board may modify, suspend or terminate our SRP if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. 
 As noted above, on January 30, 2023, the Board unanimously approved the suspension of the SRP, effective immediately. 
 Investment Portfolio 
 Our objective is to originate, acquire and manage an investment portfolio of CRE debt and CRE securities that is diversified based on the type and location of the underlying collateral securing the CRE debt and CRE securities. We intend that the real estate underlying our CRE debt and CRE securities investments, as well as CRE equity investments we may make, will be located within the United States and diversified by property type, geographic location, owner/operator and tenant. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investment portfolio consisted of 845.9 million and 665.5 million, respectively, in commercial mortgage loans held for investment. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, in addition to the debt investments we own in our investment portfolio, we also owned one 362-room hotel located in Chicago, Illinois, commonly known as the Renaissance Chicago O Hare Suites Hotel (the Renaissance O Hare through a ground lease interest that we acquired via deed-in-lieu-of-foreclosure on August 20, 2020, from the borrower under one of our first mortgage loans. 
 Competition 
 Our net income depends, in large part, on our ability to originate loans and acquire assets at favorable spreads over our borrowing costs. In acquiring our investments, we compete with other REITs, specialty finance companies, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, financial institutions, governmental bodies and other entities. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than we are, have access to greater capital and other resources and may have other advantages over us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than we can. Market conditions may attract more competitors, which may increase the competition for sources of financing. An increase in the competition for sources of financing could adversely affect the availability and cost of financing. 
 7 
 
 We rely on the Sub-Advisor s professionals and their industry expertise, which we believe provides us with a competitive advantage. These professionals help us assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our mortgage loans and potential investments. Their industry relationships enable us to compete more effectively for attractive investment opportunities. Despite certain competitive advantages, we may not be able to achieve our business goals or expectations due to the competitive risks that we face. We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities and competition may limit our ability to acquire desirable investments in our target assets and could also affect the pricing of these investments. 
 Many investment opportunities that are suitable for us may also be suitable for one or more investment funds, REITs, vehicles, accounts, products or other similar arrangements sponsored, advised and/or managed by the Sub-Advisor or its affiliates Other Sound Point Accounts ). If a certain investment opportunity is deemed suitable for both us and one or more Other Sound Point Accounts, the Sub-Advisor or its affiliates will determine which program is ultimately awarded the right to pursue the investment in accordance with the Sub-Advisor s investment allocation guidelines. The Sub-Advisor is responsible for facilitating the investment allocation process and could face conflicts of interest in doing so. The Sub-Advisor is required to provide information to our Board to enable our Board, including the independent directors, to determine whether the investment allocation procedures summarized below are being fairly applied to us. 
 Our Sub-Advisor and its affiliates have adopted investment allocation guidelines to address conflicts of interest arising from the allocation of investment opportunities and to ensure the fair and equitable allocation of investments among us and Other Sound Point Accounts consistent with its fiduciary obligations. The Sub-Advisor will screen the suitability of each investment opportunity for each account based on the following criteria (the Screening Criteria ): liquidity position (i.e., sufficiency of available cash to make and support the investment or need to raise cash); strategic investment objectives; appropriateness of investment based on current portfolio composition, including loan-type, loan-size, asset-type and geographic or borrower diversity; time horizon; tax sensitivity; and any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, or governing document applicable covenants or asset tests/restrictions. 
 Since bespoke whole commercial real estate loan investments are not divisible and cannot be allocated pro rata as a general matter, the Sub-Advisor and its affiliates will allocate investment opportunities on a pre-determined rotational order and maintain a record of such rotational allocations. Any new account will be added to the bottom of the rotational queue. If, upon due consideration of the Screening Criteria, Sound Point reasonably determines in its discretion that an investment opportunity is suitable and appropriate for the account then atop the rotational queue, the investment opportunity shall be allocated to such account which shall thereupon be moved to the bottom of the rotational queue and all other accounts shall retain their respective relative existing positions in the rotational queue. If, however, upon due consideration of the Screening Criteria, Sound Point reasonably determines in its discretion that an investment opportunity is not suitable and appropriate for the account then atop the rotational queue, the investment opportunity shall be reviewed for suitability with respect to the next account in chronological order in the rotational queue. If Sound Point reasonably determines in its discretion that an investment opportunity is suitable and appropriate for the account then in the second chronological position in the rotational queue, the investment opportunity shall be allocated to such account which shall thereupon be moved to the bottom of the rotational queue and all other accounts shall retain their respective relative existing positions in the rotational queue. If, however, upon consideration of the Screening Criteria, Sound Point reasonably determines in its discretion that an investment opportunity is not suitable and appropriate for the account then in the second chronological position in the rotational queue, the investment opportunity shall be reviewed for suitability with respect to the next account in chronological order in the rotational queue. This process continues until the investment opportunity is deemed suitable for the account with the highest chronological priority in the rotational queue and is, thus, allocated the investment opportunity and thereupon moved to the bottom of the rotational queue. 
 Seasonality 
 Our results of operations are expected to reflect the seasonal nature of our hospitality property, the Renaissance O Hare. Seasonal slowdown at the Renaissance O Hare is generally in the fourth quarter and first quarter of each year. As a result of the seasonality of the hospitality market, there will likely be seasonality and quarter-to-quarter variability in results of operations of the Renaissance O Hare and any other hospitality properties that we may own. For additional information related to the seasonal nature of our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 Governmental Regulations 
 As an owner of real estate, our operations are subject, in certain instances, to supervision and regulation by U.S. and other governmental authorities, and may be subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions, which, include among other things: (i) federal and state securities laws and regulations; (ii) federal, state and local tax laws and regulations, (iii) state and local laws relating to real property; (iv) federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances, and regulations, and (v) various laws relating to housing, including permanent and temporary rent control and stabilization laws, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the Fair Housing Amendment Act of 1988, among others. 
 8 
 
 Compliance with the federal, state and local laws described above has not had a material, adverse effect on our business, assets, results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions, and we do not believe that our existing portfolio will require us to incur material expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 Human Capital 
 We do not have any employees. All of our executive officers are officers of the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor or one or more of their affiliates and are compensated by those entities for their services rendered to us. We neither separately compensate our executive officers for their service as officers, nor do we reimburse either the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor for any compensation paid to individuals who also serve as our executive officers. 
 Tax Status 
 We believe we have operated, and we intend to continue to operate, in a manner, to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2017. Accordingly, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent that we annually distribute all of our net taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 Our Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 2901 Butterfield Rd., Oak Brook, Illinois 60523, our telephone number is (800) 826-8228 and our website is www.inland-investments.com/inpoint. From time to time, we may use our website as a distribution channel for material company information. Our website is not incorporated by reference in or otherwise a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will provide a copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including financial statements and schedules, without charge upon written request delivered to our principal executive offices. We electronically file our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and all amendments to those reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 
 
 9 
 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 Risks Related to an Investment in Our Company 
 We have had an accumulated deficit in the past and may continue to have an accumulated deficit in the future. 
 Our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 57.3 million and 52.3 million, respectively. We may continue to have an accumulated deficit in the future. 
 We have a limited operating history and there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully achieve our investment objectives. 
 We have a limited operating history and may not be able to achieve our investment objectives. We cannot assure stockholders that the past experiences of affiliates of the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor will be sufficient to allow us to successfully achieve our investment objectives. As a result, an investment in our shares of common stock may entail more risk than the shares of common stock of a REIT with a substantial operating history. 
 There is no public trading market for shares of our common stock; therefore, our stockholders ability to dispose of their shares will likely be limited to repurchase by us through our SRP. We may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, in our discretion at any time, and the amount of shares we may repurchase is subject to limits. Further, our Board may modify, suspend or terminate our SRP if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. Our SRP is currently suspended. If stockholders do sell their shares to us, they may receive less than the price they paid. 
 There is no current public trading market for shares of our common stock, and we do not expect that such a market will develop without a listing of our shares on an exchange. Therefore, repurchase of shares by us pursuant to our SRP will likely be the only way for our stockholders to dispose of their shares, and there can be no assurance that our SRP will be available at any given time, as our Board may determine to suspend the plan based on economic conditions or for any other reason it deems appropriate. Our Board suspended our SRP on March 24, 2020 and partially reinstated it effective July 1, 2021, subject to certain aggregate repurchase limits lower than the maximum amount permitted by the SRP. The SRP was not fully reinstated until October 1, 2021. On January 30, 2023, our Board suspended our SRP. The total amount of aggregate repurchases is subject to the limits set forth in the SRP (2 of our aggregate NAV per month as of the last day of the previous calendar month and no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter). When our SRP is in effect, our stockholders who have held their shares for at least one year have the opportunity to request that we repurchase their shares on a monthly basis. We repurchase shares from requesting stockholders who have held their shares for at least one year on a monthly basis at a price equal to our most recently determined NAV per share for the applicable class of share on the date the repurchase request is processed, and not based on the price at which the stockholder initially purchased his or her shares. As a result, our stockholders may receive less than the price they paid for their shares when they sell them to us pursuant to our repurchase program. 
 
 Due to the illiquid nature of investment in real estate, we may not have sufficient liquid resources to fund repurchase requests. When the SRP is in effect, we may choose to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at the end of any particular month, in our discretion, subject to the limitations in our SRP. Further, our Board may modify, suspend or terminate our SRP if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. If the full amount of all shares of our common stock requested to be repurchased in any given month are not repurchased, including because the amount requested for repurchase exceeds one of the limits, then funds will be allocated pro rata based on the total number of shares of common stock being repurchased without regard to class and subject to the volume limitation. 
 Economic events that may cause our stockholders to request that we repurchase their shares may materially adversely affect our cash flow and our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Economic events affecting the U.S. economy, such as the general negative performance of the real estate sector, inflation, disruptions in the labor market (including labor shortages and unemployment), the turbulence in the stock market related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the current military conflict in Ukraine, could cause our stockholders to seek to sell their shares to us pursuant to our SRP at a time when such events are adversely affecting the performance of our assets. Our SRP is currently suspended. If we decide to satisfy all repurchase requests within the limits of our SRP, our cash flow could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if we determine to sell assets to satisfy repurchase requests, we may not be able to realize the return on such assets that we may have been able to achieve had we sold at a more favorable time, and our results of operations and financial condition, including, without limitation, breadth of our portfolio by property type and location, could be materially adversely affected. 
 The Advisor and the Sub-Advisor manage our portfolio pursuant to very broad investment guidelines and generally are not required to seek the approval of our Board for each investment, financing or asset allocation decision made by it, which may result in our making riskier investments and which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our Board approved very broad investment guidelines that delegate to the Advisor the authority to execute originations, acquisitions and dispositions of CRE debt, CRE securities and real estate properties on our behalf, in each case so long as such investments are 
 10 
 
 consistent with the investment guidelines and our charter. Pursuant to the Sub-Advisory Agreement, the Advisor delegated this authority to the Sub-Advisor, under the supervision of the Advisor. There can be no assurance that the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor will be successful in applying any strategy or discretionary approach to our investment activities. Our Board reviews our investment guidelines on an annual basis (or more often as it deems appropriate) and reviews our investment portfolio periodically. The prior approval of our Board or a committee of independent directors will be required only as set forth in our charter (including for transactions with affiliates of the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor) or for the acquisition or disposition of assets that are not in accordance with our investment guidelines. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our directors rely primarily on information provided to them by the Advisor or Sub-Advisor. Furthermore, transactions entered into on our behalf by the Advisor may be costly, difficult or impossible to unwind when they are subsequently reviewed by our Board. 
 The amount and source of distributions we may pay to our stockholders is uncertain, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to pay distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future. 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level to our common stockholders, and our ability to pay distributions to any of our stockholders may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We may not generate sufficient income to pay distributions to our stockholders. Our Board will make determinations regarding distributions based upon, among other factors, our financial performance, debt service obligations, debt covenants and capital expenditure requirements. Among the factors that could impair our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders are: 
 our inability to invest the proceeds from sales of our shares on a timely basis in income-producing CRE loans, CRE securities and select CRE equity investments; 

our inability to realize attractive risk-adjusted returns on our investments; 

increases in interest rates on our borrowings; 

unanticipated expenses or reduced revenues that reduce our cash flow or non-cash earnings; 

defaults in our investment portfolio or decreases in the value of our investments; 

the payment of increased dividend rates on the Series A Preferred Stock upon certain events, such as a Change of Control or Downgrade Event (as such terms are defined in the Articles Supplementary designating the Series A Preferred Stock) or where any shares of our Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding after September 22, 2026; and 

the fact that anticipated operating expense levels may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. 

As a result, we may not be able to pay distributions to our stockholders at any given time in the future, and the level of any distributions we do make to our common stockholders may not increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect the value of our common stockholders investments. Though we paid distributions to our common stockholders on a monthly basis from December 5, 2016 to March 24, 2020, our Board suspended distributions from March 24, 2020 to July 30, 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and may do so again in the future. 
 Further, subject to certain exceptions, in connection with a Change of Control or Downgrade Event and where any shares of our Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding after September 22, 2026, we will thereafter accrue cumulative cash dividends at a rate higher than the initial rate per annum equal to 6.75 per annum of the 25.00 liquidation preference. We cannot assure stockholders of our ability to pay these increased dividend rates upon such events, and, even where we are able to do so, the increased dividend payments may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, including our ability to maintain our current distribution payment level to common stockholders, and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders, if any. 
 We have paid and may continue to pay distributions from sources other than our earnings and cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings, repayment of real estate debt investments, return of capital, offering proceeds and advances or the deferral of fees and expenses reimbursements, and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. 
 We may not generate sufficient earnings and cash flow from operations to fully fund distributions to stockholders. Therefore, we have and may again choose to use cash flows from financing activities, which include borrowings (including borrowings secured by our assets), net proceeds of the Public Offerings, or other sources to fund distributions to our stockholders. We may be required to continue to fund our regular distributions from a combination of some of these sources if our investments fail to perform as anticipated, if expenses are greater than expected and due to numerous other factors. We have not established a limit on the amount of our distributions that may be paid from any of these sources. We have funded distributions, in part, using offering proceeds and, in the future, we may again pay distributions from sources other than earnings and cash flow from operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not use offering proceeds to pay distributions. 
 Using certain of these sources may result in a liability to us, which would require a future repayment. The use of these sources for distributions and the ultimate repayment of any liabilities incurred could adversely impact our ability to pay distributions in future 
 11 
 
 periods, decrease our NAV, decrease the amount of cash we have available for operations and new investments and adversely impact the value of our stockholders investment. 
 Purchases in our Public Offerings and repurchases of shares of our common stock are not made based on the NAV per share of our common stock as of the date of purchase or repurchase. 
 Our offering price per share and the price at which we make repurchases of our shares generally will equal the NAV per share of the applicable class as of the last calendar day of the prior month, plus, in the case of our offering price, applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. The NAV per share, if calculated as of the date on which an investor in the offering makes a subscription request or a stockholder makes a repurchase request, may be significantly different than the transaction price they pay or the repurchase price they receive. Certain of our investments or liabilities may be subject to high levels of volatility from time to time and could change in value significantly between the end of the prior month as of which our NAV is determined and the date that they acquire or we repurchase shares, but the prior month s NAV per share will generally continue to be used as the transaction price per share and repurchase price per share. In exceptional circumstances, we may in our sole discretion offer and repurchase shares at a different price that we believe is more appropriate than the prior month s NAV per share, including by updating a previously disclosed transaction price, or suspend our offering and/or our SRP in cases where we believe there has been a material change (positive or negative) to our NAV per share since the end of the prior month and we believe suspension is appropriate. In such exceptional cases, the transaction price and the repurchase price will not equal our NAV per share as of the end of the prior month but still may not equal our NAV per share at the time of an investor s purchase or our repurchase. 
 Valuations and appraisals of our properties and real estate-related assets are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value. 
 The Advisor seeks to determine the fair value of our investments as of the last day of each month. Within the parameters of our valuation guidelines, the valuation methodologies used to value our assets involve subjective judgments. In general, the loan portfolio is valued at amortized cost, subject to impairment testing. Impairment testing is subjective in nature as it partially relies on the Advisor s judgment on whether a borrower can repay the loan. Valuation methodologies also involve assumptions and opinions about future events, which may or may not turn out to be correct. Valuations and appraisals of our investments are only estimates of fair value. Ultimate realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions beyond our control and the control of the Advisor. Further, valuations do not necessarily represent the price at which an asset would sell, since market prices of assets can only be determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. Therefore, the valuations of our investments may not correspond to the timely realizable value upon a sale of those assets. There will be no retroactive adjustment in the valuation of such assets, the price of our shares of common stock, the price we paid to repurchase shares of our common stock or fees we paid to the Advisor and the Dealer Manager to the extent such valuations prove to not accurately reflect the true estimate of value and are not a precise measure of realizable value. Because the price at which shares may be repurchased by us pursuant to our share repurchase plan is based on our estimated NAV per share, stockholders may receive less than realizable value for their investment. 
 Our NAV per share may suddenly change if the estimated values of our illiquid assets materially change from prior estimates or the actual operating results for a particular month differ from what we originally estimated for that month. 
 We calculate a monthly NAV. While we obtain annual independent valuations of our properties, a substantial portion of our assets consist of CRE debt that is valued at amortized cost, subject to impairment testing. Changes in market conditions may significantly impact the estimated valuation of our assets and there may be a sudden change in our NAV per share for each class of our common stock. In addition, actual operating results for a given month may differ from what we originally budgeted for that month, which may cause a sudden increase or decrease in the NAV per share amounts. After the end of the last business day of each month, we adjust the income and expenses we estimated for that month to reflect the income and expenses actually earned and incurred. We will not retroactively adjust the monthly NAV per share of each class for each day of the previous month. Therefore, because the actual results from operations may be better or worse than what we previously budgeted for a particular month, the adjustment to reflect actual operating results may cause the NAV per share for each class of our common stock to increase or decrease, and such increase or decrease will occur on the day the adjustment is made. 
 It may be difficult to reflect, fully and accurately, material events that may impact our monthly NAV. 
 The Advisor s determination of our monthly NAV per share for each class of our common stock is based in part on estimates of the values of our illiquid assets in accordance with valuation guidelines approved by our Board. As a result, our most recently published NAV per share may not fully reflect any or all changes in value that may have occurred since the most recent valuation. We suspended the calculation of our NAV from March 24, 2020 to July 20, 2020 as a result of uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and we may do so again in the future. The Advisor reviews our CRE debt and CRE securities investments for the occurrence of any asset-specific or market-driven event it believes may cause a material valuation change in the asset valuation, but it may be difficult to reflect fully and accurately rapidly changing market conditions or material events that may impact the value of our illiquid assets or liabilities between valuations, or to obtain quickly complete information regarding any such events. As a result, the NAV per share may not reflect a material event until such time as sufficient information is available and analyzed, and the financial impact is fully evaluated, such that 
 12 
 
 our NAV may be appropriately adjusted in accordance with our valuation guidelines. Depending on the circumstances, the resulting potential disparity in our NAV may negatively affect stockholders who have their shares repurchased, or stockholders who buy new shares, or our existing stockholders. 
 If we are unable to raise substantial funds, we will be limited in the number and type of investments we make and the value of investments in us will fluctuate with the performance of the specific assets we acquire. 
 Our Second Public Offering is being made on a best efforts basis, meaning that the Dealer Manager and broker-dealers participating in the distribution of shares in our Second Public Offering participating broker-dealers are only required to use their best efforts to sell our shares and have no firm commitment or obligation to purchase any shares of our common stock in our Public Offerings. As a result, the amount of proceeds we raise in our Second Public Offering may be substantially less than the amount we would need to create a diversified portfolio of investments. As of March 29, 2023, we had received and accepted investors subscriptions for and issued 794,715 Class A shares, 464,881 Class T shares, 53,815 Class D shares and 489,069 Class I shares in the IPO and Second Public Offering, resulting in gross proceeds of 44.9 million, including proceeds from the DRP. If we are unable to raise substantial funds, we will make fewer investments resulting in less diversification in terms of the type, number and size of investments that we make. Moreover, the potential impact of any single asset s performance on the overall performance of our portfolio increases. Further, we have certain fixed operating expenses, including certain expenses as a public reporting company, regardless of whether we are able to raise substantial funds in our Second Public Offering. Our inability to raise substantial funds would increase our fixed operating expenses as a percentage of gross income, reducing our net income and limiting our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Certain participating broker-dealers suspended the sale of public, non-listed REITs, including our shares, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Although most of those suspensions occurred during the period when our IPO was suspended by our Board, there is no assurance that our participating broker-dealers sales efforts will return to pre-suspension levels or resume at all, which increases the risk that we are unable to raise substantial funds in our Second Public Offering. On January 30, 2023, our Board approved the suspension of the Second Public Offering. 
 If we raise substantial offering proceeds in a short period of time, we may not be able to invest all of our offering proceeds promptly, which may cause our distributions and investment returns to be lower than they otherwise would be. 
 The more shares we sell in our Second Public Offering or in another securities offering, including the Series A Preferred Stock, the greater our challenge is to invest all of our net offering proceeds. If we raise substantial offering proceeds in a short period of time, there may be delays in investing our net proceeds promptly and on attractive terms. Pending investment, the net proceeds of our Public Offerings, Series A Preferred Stock offering or another securities offering may be invested in permitted temporary investments, which include short-term U.S. government securities, bank certificates of deposit and other short-term liquid investments. The rate of return on these investments, which affects the amount of cash available to pay distributions, has fluctuated in recent years and most likely will be less than the return obtainable from the type of investments we seek to originate or acquire. Therefore, delays we encounter in the selection, due diligence and origination or acquisition of investments would likely limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders and lower our overall returns. 
 NAV calculations are not governed by governmental or independent securities, financial or accounting rules or standards. 
 The method for calculating our NAV, including the components that will be used in calculating our NAV, is not prescribed by rules of the SEC or any other regulatory agency. Further, there are no accounting rules or standards that prescribe which components should be used in calculating NAV, and our NAV will not be audited by our independent registered public accounting firm. We calculate and publish our monthly NAV solely for purposes of establishing the price at which we sell and repurchase shares of our common stock, and stockholders should not view our NAV as a measure of our historical or future financial condition or performance. The components and methodology that is used in calculating our NAV may differ from those used by other companies now or in the future. 
 In addition, our NAV calculations, to the extent that they incorporate valuations of our assets and liabilities, are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). These valuations, which are based on market values that assume a willing buyer and seller, may differ from liquidation values that could be realized in the event that we were forced to sell assets. 
 Compliance with the SEC s Regulation Best Interest by participating broker-dealers may negatively impact our ability to raise capital, which would harm our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 Broker-dealers must comply with Regulation Best Interest, which, among other requirements, establishes a new standard of conduct for broker-dealers and natural persons who are associated persons of a broker-dealer when making a recommendation of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities to a retail customer. The full impact of Regulation Best Interest on participating broker-dealers cannot be determined at this time, and it may negatively impact whether participating broker-dealers and their associated persons recommend our continuous public offering to certain retail customers. If Regulation Best Interest reduces our ability to raise capital, it would harm our ability to create a diversified portfolio of investments and ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 13 
 
 The Sub-Advisor may not be successful, or there may be delays, in locating suitable investments, which could limit our ability to pay distributions and lower the overall return on our stockholders investment. 
 We rely upon the Sub-Advisor to identify suitable investments. The investment professionals of the Sub-Advisor must determine which investment opportunities to recommend to us and to existing and future investment vehicles which are affiliated with Sound Point CRE, the parent of the Sub-Advisor. The Sub-Advisor may not be successful in locating suitable investments on financially attractive terms, and we may not achieve our investment objectives. If we, through the Sub-Advisor, are unable to find suitable investments promptly, we may hold the proceeds from the Public Offerings or another offering of securities or a large influx of cash from another source, such as payoffs of our mortgage loans, in an interest-bearing account or invest the proceeds in short-term assets. We expect that the income we earn on these temporary investments will not be substantial. Further, we may use the principal amount of these investments, and any returns generated on these investments, to pay fees and expenses in connection with the Public Offerings and distributions. Therefore, delays in investing proceeds we raise from the Public Offerings or other large amounts of cash received could impact our ability to generate cash flow for distributions or to achieve our investment objectives. 
 The Sub-Advisor may acquire assets where the returns are substantially below expectations or which result in net losses. In the event we are unable to timely locate suitable investments, we may be unable or limited in our ability to pay distributions and we may not be able to meet our investment objectives. The Sub-Advisor s investment professionals face competing demands upon their time, including in instances when we have capital ready for investment and consequently we may face delays in execution. Delays we encounter in the selection and origination or acquisition of investments would likely limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders and lower our stockholders overall returns. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives and to pay distributions depends in substantial part upon the performance of the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and third-party servicers. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives and to pay distributions depends in substantial part upon the performance of the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor in the origination and acquisition of our investments, including the determination of any financing arrangements, as well as the performance of the third-party servicers of our CRE debt investments. Stockholders must rely entirely on the management abilities of the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor and the oversight of our Board, along with those of our third-party servicers. 
 Because we are dependent upon the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their affiliates to conduct our operations and we are also dependent upon the Dealer Manager and its affiliates to raise capital, any adverse changes in the financial health of these entities or our relationship with them could hinder our operating performance and the return on our stockholders investment. 
 We are dependent on the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their affiliates to manage our operations and our portfolio, and we are also dependent upon the Dealer Manager and its affiliates to raise capital. The Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their affiliates depend upon the direct and indirect fees and other compensation or reimbursement of costs that they receive from us and other companies affiliated with Inland and Sound Point, respectively, and in connection with the management of our business and assets to conduct their operations. The Dealer Manager also depends upon financial support that it receives from its parent company in connection with performing services for us. Any adverse changes in the financial condition of the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, the Dealer Manager or their respective parent entities and control persons could hinder their ability to successfully support our business and growth, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The loss of or the inability to retain or hire key investment professionals at the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor or their respective affiliates could delay or hinder implementation of our investment strategies, which could limit our ability to pay distributions and decrease the value of our stockholders investment. 
 Our success depends, to a significant degree upon the contributions of key personnel at the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their respective affiliates, each of whom would be difficult to replace. We cannot assure stockholders that such personnel will continue to be associated with them in the future. If any of these persons were to cease their association with us, the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor, our operating results could suffer. We do not intend to maintain key person life insurance on any person. We believe that our future success depends, in large part, upon the Advisor s, the Sub-Advisor s and their respective affiliates ability to hire and retain highly-skilled managerial, operational and marketing professionals. Competition for such professionals is intense, and they may be unsuccessful in attracting and retaining such skilled individuals. If they lose or are unable to obtain the services of highly-skilled professionals, our ability to implement our investment strategies could be delayed or hindered and the value of our common stock may decline. 
 The Advisor's and the Sub-Advisor s platform may not be as scalable as we anticipate and we could face difficulties growing our business without significant new investment in personnel and infrastructure. 
 If our business grows substantially, the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor may need to make significant new investments in personnel and infrastructure to support that growth. In addition, service providers to whom the Advisor or Sub-Advisor may delegate certain functions may also be strained by our growth. The Sub-Advisor may be unable to make significant investments on a timely basis or at reasonable costs and its failure in this regard could disrupt our business and operations. Further, during periods of economic retraction, Inland, 
 14 
 
 Sound Point, the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor may be incented to reduce their personnel and costs, which could have an adverse effect on us. 
 Failure by us, the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor or our service providers, tenants or borrowers to implement effective information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt our business and harm our results of operations. 
 We, the Advisor, Sub-Advisor and our service providers, tenants and borrowers are dependent on the effectiveness of our respective information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities to protect our computer and telecommunications systems and the data that resides on or is transmitted through them. An externally caused information security incident, such as a hacker attack, virus or worm, or an internally caused issue, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential information and could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory actions, breach of contracts, reputational harm or legal liability. 
 We may change our investment strategy without our stockholders consent and make riskier investments. 
 We may change our investment strategy at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in our making investments that are different from and possibly riskier than the investments described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A change in our investment strategy may increase our exposure to interest rate and commercial real estate market fluctuations. 
 Risks Related to Our Investments 
 While the COVID-19 pandemic appears to have subsided, it had a significant adverse effect on certain of our investments and may adversely affect our investments and operations in the future. 
 The uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and its potential effects appears to have subsided with most national and local restrictions being eliminated. The severity and length of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the United States and world economies brought uncertainty that a more severe world-wide economic downturn that a more severe world-wide economic downturn may lead to corporate bankruptcies in the most affected industries and may result in increased unemployment. The effects of the pandemic had a material short-term negative effect on our borrowers and the value of some of the commercial properties securing loans. In particular, with respect to our investments in or secured by hospitality properties, a variety of factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic have caused a decline in business and leisure travel that may recur, including but not limited to (i) restrictions in travel, including those imposed by governmental entities and employers, (ii) the postponement or cancellation of industry conventions and conferences, music and arts festivals, sporting events and other large public gatherings, (iii) the closure or limited reopening of amusement parks, museums and other tourist attractions, (iv) the closure of colleges and universities, and (v) negative public perceptions of travel and public gatherings in light of the perceived risks associated with COVID-19. The borrower under our loan secured by the Renaissance O Hare defaulted during May 2020, and we took ownership of the hotel through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. The hotel performance improved since our acquisition but has and may not return to pre-pandemic levels. A resurgence in the pandemic may have a significant impact on the hotel and the real estate securing our loans. 
 Our CRE debt and securities investments are subject to the risks typically associated with CRE. 
 Our CRE debt and securities investments are subject to the risks typically associated with CRE, including: 
 local, state, national or international economic conditions, including market disruptions caused by regional concerns, political upheaval, virus outbreaks and pandemics, war and military conflicts (including volatility as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine), the sovereign debt crisis, inflation and other factors; 

real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of or a reduction in demand for real estate space in an area; 

lack of liquidity inherent in the nature of the asset; 

tenant/operator mix and the success of the tenant/operator business; 

the ability and willingness of tenants/operators/managers to maintain the financial strength and liquidity to satisfy their obligations to us and to third parties; 

reliance on tenants/operators/managers to operate their business in a sufficient manner and in compliance with their contractual arrangements with us; 

ability and cost to replace a tenant/operator/manager upon default; 

property management decisions; 

property location and conditions; 

property operating costs, including insurance premiums, real estate taxes and maintenance costs; 

15 
 
 the perceptions of the quality, convenience, attractiveness and safety of the properties; 

branding, marketing and operational strategies; 

competition from comparable properties; 

the occupancy rate of, and the rental rates charged at, the properties; 

the ability to collect on a timely basis all rent; 

the effects of any bankruptcies or insolvencies; 

the expense of leasing, renovation or construction; 

changes in interest rates and in the availability, cost and terms of mortgage financing; 

unknown liens being placed on the properties; 

bad acts of third parties; 

the ability to refinance mortgage notes payable related to the real estate on favorable terms, if at all; 

changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies; 

tax implications; 

changes in laws, including laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged; 

the impact of present or future environmental legislation and compliance with environmental laws, including costs of remediation and liabilities associated with environmental conditions affecting properties; 

cost of compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act; 

adverse changes in governmental rules and fiscal policies; 

social unrest and civil disturbances; 

acts of nature, including earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters; 

terrorism; 

the potential for uninsured or underinsured property losses; 

adverse changes in state and local laws, including zoning laws; and 

other factors which are beyond our control. 

The value of each property underlying our CRE debt and CRE securities investments is affected significantly by its ability to generate cash flow and net income, which in turn depends on the amount of rental or other income that can be generated net of expenses required to be incurred with respect to the property. Many expenses associated with properties (such as operating expenses and capital expenses) cannot be reduced when there is a reduction in income from the properties. 
 These factors may have a material adverse effect on the value and the return that we can realize from our assets, as well as the ability of our borrowers to pay their loans and the ability of the borrowers on the underlying loans securing our securities to pay their loans. 
 A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession or declining real estate values could harm our investments. 
 Many of our investments may be susceptible to economic slowdowns, recessions, depressions or a pandemic, which could lead to financial losses and a decrease in revenues, earnings and assets. This risk may be magnified in the case of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, due to the significant sanctions and other restrictive actions taken against Russia by the United States and other countries in response to Russia s February 2022 invasion of Ukraine, as well as the cessation of all business in Russia by many global companies. An economic slowdown, or recession or depression, in addition to other economic and non-economic factors such as an excess supply of properties, could have a material negative impact on the values of our investments. Borrowers may be less likely to achieve their business plans and be able to pay principal and interest on our CRE debt investments if the economy weakens and property values decline. Further, declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on our investments in the event of a default because the value of our collateral may be insufficient to cover our cost. In addition, declining real estate values will reduce the value of any of our investments. A strained labor market, along with overall financial uncertainty, could result in lower occupancy rates and lower lease rates across many property types and may create obstacles for us to achieve our business plans. We may also be less able to pay principal and interest on our borrowings, which could cause us to lose title to properties securing our borrowings. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, taking title to collateral or losses could adversely affect both our 
 16 
 
 CRE investments as well as our ability to finance our portfolio, which would significantly harm our revenues, results of operations, financial condition, business prospects and our ability to pay distributions to stockholders. 
 We are subject to significant competition, and we may not be able to compete successfully for investments. 
 We are subject to significant competition for attractive investment opportunities from other real estate investors, some of which have greater financial resources than we do, including publicly traded REITs, public, non-listed REITs, insurance companies, commercial and investment banking firms, private institutional funds, hedge funds, private equity funds and other investors. Our management has observed increased competition in recent years, and we expect such trend to continue. We may not be able to compete successfully for investments. In addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investments may increase. If we pay higher prices for investments or originate loans on less advantageous terms to us, our returns may be lower and the value of our assets may not increase or may decrease significantly below the amount we paid for such assets. As we reinvest capital, we may not realize risk adjusted returns that are as attractive as those we have realized in the past. If such events occur, we may experience lower returns on our investments. 
 We may not be effective in originating, acquiring and managing our investments. 
 Our origination and acquisition capabilities depend on the Sub-Advisor s ability to leverage its relationships in the market and deploy capital to borrowers and tenants that hold properties meeting our underwriting standards. Managing these investments requires significant resources, adherence to internal policies and attention to detail. Managing investments may also require significant judgment and, despite our expectations, the Sub-Advisor may make decisions that result in losses. If we are unable to successfully originate investments on favorable terms, or at all, or if we are ineffective in managing those investments, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 The CRE debt we originate and invest in and mortgage loans underlying the CRE securities we invest in are subject to risks of delinquency, taking title to collateral, loss and bankruptcy of the borrower under the loan. If the borrower defaults, it may result in losses to us. 
 Our CRE debt investments are secured by commercial real estate and are subject to risks of delinquency, loss, taking title to collateral and bankruptcy of the borrower. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by commercial real estate is typically dependent primarily upon the successful operation of such property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced or is not increased, depending on the borrower's business plan, the borrower's ability to repay the loan may be impaired. If a borrower defaults or declares bankruptcy and the underlying asset value is less than the loan amount, we will suffer a loss. In this manner, real estate values could impact the value of our CRE debt and securities investments. Therefore, our CRE debt and securities are subject to the risks typically associated with real estate. 
 Additionally, we may suffer losses for a number of reasons, including the following, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance: 
 If the value of real property or other assets securing our CRE debt investments deteriorates. The majority of our CRE debt investments are fully or substantially nonrecourse. In the event of a default by a borrower on a nonrecourse loan, we will only have recourse to the real estate-related assets (including escrowed funds and reserves, if any) collateralizing the debt. There can be no assurance that the value of the assets securing our CRE debt investments will not deteriorate over time due to factors beyond our control. Further, we may not know whether the value of these properties has declined below levels existing on the dates of origination. If the value of the properties drops, our risk will increase because of the lower value of the collateral and reduction in borrower equity associated with the related CRE debt. If a borrower defaults on our CRE debt and the mortgaged real estate or other borrower assets collateralizing our CRE debt are insufficient to satisfy the loan, we may suffer a loss of principal or interest. 

If a borrower or guarantor defaults on recourse obligations under a CRE debt investment. We sometimes will obtain personal or corporate guarantees from borrowers or their affiliates. These guarantees are often triggered only upon the occurrence of certain trigger, or bad boy, events. In cases where guarantees are not fully or partially secured, we will typically rely on financial covenants from borrowers and guarantors which are designed to require the borrower or guarantor to maintain certain levels of creditworthiness. If challenging economic and market conditions emerge, many borrowers and guarantors may face financial difficulties and be unable to comply with their financial covenants. Where we do not have recourse to specific collateral pledged to satisfy such guarantees or recourse loans, we will only have recourse as an unsecured creditor to the general assets of the borrower or guarantor, some or all of which may be pledged to satisfy other lenders. There can be no assurance that a borrower or guarantor will comply with its financial covenants or that sufficient assets will be available to pay amounts owed to us under our CRE debt and related guarantees. 

Our due diligence may not reveal all of a borrower ' s liabilities and may not reveal other weaknesses in its business. Before making a loan to a borrower, we assess the strength and skills of an entity's management and other factors that we believe are material to the performance of the investment. This underwriting process is particularly important and subjective 

17 
 
 with respect to newly-organized entities because there may be little or no information publicly available about the entities. In making the assessment and otherwise conducting customary due diligence, we rely on the resources available to us and, in some cases, an investigation by third parties. There can be no assurance that our due diligence processes will uncover all relevant facts or that any investment will be successful. Furthermore, historic performance evaluated in connection with our underwriting process may not be indicative of future performance. 

We own a hotel and are exposed to the unique risks of the hospitality sector, including seasonality, volatility and the severe reduction in occupancy caused by a pandemic. 
 We own the Renaissance O Hare, which we acquired through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure transaction, and we may foreclose upon or otherwise own other hospitality properties in the future. The hospitality market is seasonal, highly competitive and influenced by factors such as general and local economic conditions, location, room rates, quality, service levels, reputation and reservation systems, among many other factors. The Renaissance O Hare has historically experienced a seasonal slowdown in the first and fourth quarters of each year. As a result of such seasonality, there will likely be quarterly fluctuations in results of operations of any hospitality properties that we own. There are many competitors in this market, and these competitors may have substantially greater marketing and financial resources than those available to us. This competition, along with other factors, such as over-building in the hospitality market, may increase the number of rooms available and may decrease the average occupancy and room rates of our hospitality properties. The demand for rooms at any hospitality properties that we may acquire will change much more rapidly than the demand for space at other properties that we acquire. In addition, any such properties we may own may be adversely affected by factors outside our control, such as extreme weather conditions or natural disasters, terrorist attacks or alerts, outbreaks of contagious diseases, airline strikes, economic factors and other considerations affecting travel. For example, the hospitality market has been and continues to be severely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and the pandemic has had a material adverse effect on the performance of the Renaissance O Hare, which has not returned to pre-pandemic performance levels. We incurred 0.6 million, 2.2 million and 1.7 million of net operating losses before depreciation and amortization from the Renaissance O Hare on the Company s consolidated statement of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Any of the aforementioned factors could have a material adverse effect on the performance of our hotels, our results of operations, our ability to pay distributions to stockholders and our NAV. We own a ground lease interest in, as opposed to fee title to, the Renaissance O Hare. This ground lease runs through March 2098. If we are unable or otherwise fail to comply with the terms of the ground lease, for example, because the hotel and our other investments fail to generate enough cash to allow us to make our rent payments, we may lose our interest in the hotel or suffer other adverse outcomes under the lease. 
 Delays in liquidating defaulted CRE debt investments could reduce our investment returns. 
 The occurrence of a default on a CRE debt investment could result in our taking title to collateral. The borrower under one of our CRE loans, secured by the Renaissance O Hare, defaulted during May 2020, and we took ownership of the hotel through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. When there is a default on a CRE debt investment, we may not be able to take title to and sell the collateral securing the loan quickly. Taking title to collateral can be an expensive and lengthy process that could have a negative effect on the return on our investment. Borrowers often resist when lenders, such as us, seek to take title to collateral by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses, including but not limited to lender liability claims, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action. In some states, taking title to collateral can take several years or more to resolve. At any time during a foreclosure proceeding, for instance, the borrower may file for bankruptcy, which would have the effect of staying the foreclosure action and further delaying the foreclosure process. The resulting time delay could reduce the value of our investment in the defaulted loans. Furthermore, an action to take title to collateral securing a loan is regulated by state statutes and regulations and is subject to the delays and expenses associated with lawsuits if the borrower raises defenses, counterclaims or files for bankruptcy. In the event of default by a borrower, these restrictions, among other things, may impede our ability to take title to and sell the collateral securing the loan or to obtain proceeds sufficient to repay all amounts due to us on the loan. In addition, we may be forced to operate any collateral for which we take title for a substantial period of time, which could be a distraction for our management team and may require us to pay significant costs associated with such collateral. We may not recover any of our investment even if we take title to collateral. 
 We may be subject to risks associated with future advance or capital expenditure obligations, such as declining real estate values and operating performance. 
 Our CRE debt investments may require us to advance future funds. We may also need to fund capital expenditures and other significant expenses for our real estate property investments. Future funding obligations subject us to significant risks, such as a decline in value of the property, cost overruns and the borrower and tenant may be unable to generate enough cash flow and execute its business plan, or sell or refinance the property, in order to repay its obligations to us. We could determine that we need to fund more money than we originally anticipated in order to maximize the value of our investment even though there is no assurance additional funding would be the best course of action. Further, future funding obligations may require us to maintain higher liquidity than we might otherwise maintain and this could reduce the overall return on our investments. We could also find ourselves in a position with insufficient liquidity to fund future obligations. 
 18 
 
 We may be unable to restructure our investments in a manner that we believe maximizes value, particularly if we are one of multiple creditors in a large capital structure. 
 In order to maximize value, we may be more likely to extend and work out an investment rather than pursue other remedies such as taking title to collateral. However, in situations where there are multiple creditors in large capital structures, it can be particularly difficult to assess the most likely course of action that a lender group or the borrower may take and it may also be difficult to achieve consensus among the lender group as to major decisions. Consequently, there could be a wide range of potential principal recovery outcomes, the timing of which can be unpredictable, based on the strategy pursued by a lender group or other applicable parties. These multiple creditor situations tend to be associated with larger loans. If we are one of a group of lenders, we may not independently control the decision making. Consequently, we may be unable to restructure an investment in a manner that we believe would maximize value. 
 CRE debt restructurings may reduce our net interest income or require provisions for loan losses. 
 Weak economic conditions in the future may cause our borrowers to be at increased risk of default and we or a third party may need to restructure loans if our borrowers are unable to meet their obligations to us and we believe restructuring is the best way to maximize value. In order to preserve long-term value, we may determine to lower the interest rate on loans in connection with a restructuring, which will have an adverse impact on our net interest income. We may also determine to extend the maturity and make other concessions with the goal of increasing overall value, however, there is no assurance that the results of our restructurings will be favorable to us. Restructuring an investment may ultimately result in us receiving less than had we not restructured the investment. We may lose some or all of our investment even if we restructure in an effort to increase value. Further, concessions we may make to troubled borrowers could result in the loans being deemed impaired, which may require additional provisions for loan loss. 
 Our CRE debt and securities investments may be adversely affected by changes in credit spreads. 
 Our CRE debt we originate or acquire and securities investments we invest in are subject to changes in credit spreads. When credit spreads widen, the economic value of our investments decrease even if such investment is performing in accordance with its terms and the underlying collateral has not changed. 
 Provision for loan losses is difficult to estimate, particularly in a challenging economic environment. 
 In a challenging economic environment, we may experience an increase in provisions for loan losses and asset impairment charges, as borrowers may be unable to remain current in payments on loans and declining property values weaken our collateral. Our determination of provision for loan losses requires us to make certain estimates and judgments, which may be difficult to determine, particularly in a challenging economic environment. Our estimates and judgments are based on a number of factors, including projected cash flow from the collateral securing our CRE debt, structure, including the availability of reserves and recourse guarantees, likelihood of repayment in full at the maturity of a loan, potential for refinancing and expected market discount rates for varying property types, all of which remain uncertain and are subjective. Our estimates and judgments may not be correct, particularly during challenging economic environments, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition could be severely impacted. 
 The subordinate CRE debt we originate and acquire may be subject to risks relating to the structure and terms of the related transactions, as well as subordination in bankruptcy, and there may not be sufficient funds or assets remaining to satisfy our investments, which may result in losses to us. 
 We originate, structure and acquire subordinate CRE debt investments on a limited basis secured primarily by commercial properties, which may include subordinate mortgage loans, mezzanine loans and participations in such loans and preferred equity interests in borrowers who own such properties. We have not placed any limits on the percentage of our portfolio that may be comprised of these types of investments, which may involve a higher degree of risk than the type of assets that we expect will constitute the majority of our debt investments, namely first mortgage loans secured by real property. These investments may be subordinate to other debt on commercial property and will be secured by subordinate rights to the commercial property or by equity interests in the borrower. In addition, real properties with subordinate debt may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional debt, resulting in less equity in the real property and increasing the risk of loss of principal and interest. If a borrower defaults or declares bankruptcy, after senior obligations are met, there may not be sufficient funds or assets remaining to satisfy our subordinate interests. Because each transaction is privately negotiated, subordinate investments can vary in their structural characteristics and lender rights. Our rights to control the default or bankruptcy process following a default will vary from transaction to transaction. The subordinate investments that we originate and invest in may not give us the right to demand taking title to collateral as a subordinate real estate debt holder. Furthermore, the presence of intercreditor agreements may limit our ability to amend our loan documents, assign our loans, accept prepayments, exercise our remedies and control decisions made in bankruptcy proceedings relating to borrowers. Similarly, a majority of the participating lenders may be able to take actions to which we object, but by which we will be bound. Even if we have control, we may be unable to prevent a default or bankruptcy and we could suffer substantial losses. Certain transactions that we originate and invest in could be particularly difficult, time consuming and costly to work out because of their complicated structure and the diverging interests of all the various classes of debt in the capital structure of a given asset. 
 19 
 
 We may make investments in assets with lower credit quality, which will increase our risk of losses. 
 We may invest in unrated or non-investment grade CRE securities, enter into leases with unrated tenants or participate in subordinate, unrated or distressed mortgage loans. Because the ability of obligors of properties and mortgages, including mortgage loans underlying CMBS, to make rent or principal and interest payments may be impaired during an economic downturn, prices of lower credit quality investments and CRE securities may decline more quickly and severely than other higher credit quality investments. As a result, these lower credit quality investments may have a higher risk of default and loss than investment grade rated assets. The existing credit support in the securitization structure may be insufficient to protect us against loss of our principal on these investments. Any loss we incur may be significant and may reduce distributions to our stockholders and may adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 Investments in non-performing real estate assets involve greater risks than investments in stabilized, performing assets and make our future performance more difficult to predict. 
 We may make investments in non-performing real estate assets, in which the operating cash flow generated from the underlying property is insufficient to support current debt service payments. Traditional performance metrics of real estate assets are generally not as reliable for non-performing real estate assets as they are for performing real estate assets. Nonperforming properties, for instance, do not have stabilized occupancy rates and may require significant capital for repositioning. Similarly, non-performing loans do not have a consistent stream of cash flow to support normalized debt service. In addition, for non-performing loans, often there is greater uncertainty as to the amount or timeliness of principal repayment. Borrowers will typically try to create value in a non-performing real estate investment including by development, redevelopment or lease-up of a property. However, none of these strategies may be effective and the subject properties may never generate sufficient cash flow to support debt service payments. If this occurs, we may negotiate a reduced payoff, restructure the terms of the loan or enforce rights as lender and take title to collateral securing the loan with respect to CRE debt investments. It is challenging to evaluate non-performing investments, which increases the risks associated with such investments. We may suffer significant losses with respect to these investments which would negatively impact our operating performance and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Floating-rate CRE debt, which is often associated with transitional assets, may entail greater risks of default to us than fixed-rate CRE debt. 
 Floating-rate loans are often, but not always, associated with transitional properties as opposed to those with highly stabilized cash flow. Floating-rate CRE debt may have higher delinquency rates than fixed-rate loans. Borrowers with floating-rate loans may be exposed to increased monthly payments if the related interest rate adjusts upward from the initial fixed rate in effect during the initial period of the loan to the rate calculated in accordance with the applicable index and margin. Increases in a borrower's monthly payment, as a result of an increase in prevailing market interest rates may make it more difficult for the borrowers with floating-rate loans to repay the loan and could increase the risk of default of their obligations under the loan. 
 Fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads could reduce our ability to generate income on our loans and other investments, which could lead to a significant decrease in our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments and may limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Our primary interest rate exposures relate to the yield on our loans and the financing cost of our debt. Changes in interest rates and credit spreads may affect our net income from loans, which is the difference between the interest and related income we earn on our interest-earning investments and the interest and related expense we incur in financing these investments. Interest rate and credit spread fluctuations resulting in our interest and related expense exceeding interest and related income would result in operating losses for us. Changes in the level of interest rates and credit spreads also may affect our ability to make loans or investments, the value of our loans and investments and our ability to realize gains from the disposition of assets. Increases in interest rates and credit spreads may also negatively affect demand for loans and could result in higher borrower default rates. The U.S. Federal Reserve raised benchmark overnight interest rates on multiple occasions during 2022 and early 2023 and it is expected to continue to do so throughout 2023. Any such increases would increase our borrowers interest payments and for certain borrowers may lead to defaults and losses to us. Such increases could also adversely affect commercial real estate property values. 
 Our operating results depend, in part, on differences between the income earned on our investments and our financing costs. The yields we earn on our floating-rate assets and our borrowing costs tend to move in the same direction in response to changes in interest rates. However, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest margin to expand or contract. In addition, we could experience reductions in the yield on our investments and an increase in the cost of our financing. Although we seek to match the terms of our liabilities to the expected lives of loans that we acquire or originate, circumstances may arise in which our liabilities are shorter in duration than our assets, resulting in their adjusting faster in response to changes in interest rates. For any period during which our investments are not match-funded, the income earned on such investments may respond more slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. Consequently, changes in interest rates, particularly short-term interest rates, may immediately and significantly decrease our results of operations and cash flows and the market value of our investments, and any such change may limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. In addition, unless we enter into hedging or similar transactions with respect to the 
 20 
 
 portion of our assets that we fund using our balance sheet, returns we achieve on such assets will generally increase as interest rates for those assets rise and decrease as interest rates for those assets decline. 
 Insurance may not cover all potential losses on CRE investments, which may impair the value of our assets. 
 We generally require that each of the borrowers under our CRE debt investments obtain comprehensive insurance covering the collateral, including liability, fire and extended coverage. We also generally obtain insurance directly on any property we acquire. However, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods and hurricanes that may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. We may not obtain, or require borrowers to obtain, certain types of insurance if it is deemed commercially unreasonable. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors also might make it infeasible to use insurance proceeds to replace a property if it is damaged or destroyed. Further, it is possible that our borrowers could breach their obligations to us and not maintain sufficient insurance coverage. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of the limits of our insurance occur, we could lose our capital investment and/or anticipated profits and cash flow from one or more real estate properties, which in turn could cause the value of the shares of our common stock and distributions to our stockholders to be reduced. 
 We may obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property, which will increase the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property or rental income from the property which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results from operations and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 The seller of a property often sells such property in an as is condition on a where is basis and with all faults, without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, the related real estate purchase and sale agreements may contain only limited warranties, representations and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. Despite our efforts, we, the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor may fail to uncover all material risks during our diligence process. The purchase of properties with limited warranties increases the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property, as well as the loss of rental income from that property if an issue should arise that decreases the value of that property and is not covered by the limited warranties. If any of these results occur, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 We depend on borrowers and tenants for a substantial portion of our revenue and, accordingly, our revenue and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders is dependent upon the success and economic viability of such borrowers and tenants. 
 The success of our origination or acquisition of investments significantly depends on the financial stability of the borrowers and tenants underlying such investments. The inability of a single major borrower or tenant, or a number of smaller borrowers or tenants, to meet their payment obligations could result in reduced revenue or losses. Our borrowers and tenants may be negatively affected by continued disruptions in global supply chains, labor shortages, broad inflationary pressures or military conflicts (including volatility as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine), any of which may have a negative impact on our borrowers ability to execute on their business plans and their ability to perform under the terms of their loan obligations. 
 If we overestimate the value or income-producing ability or incorrectly price the risks of our investments, we may experience losses. 
 Analysis of the value or income-producing ability of a commercial property is highly subjective and may be subject to error. We value our potential investments based on yields and risks, taking into account estimated future losses on the CRE loans and the properties included in a securitization's pools or select CRE equity investments and the estimated impact of these losses on expected future cash flow and returns. In the event that we underestimate the risks relative to the price we pay for a particular investment, we may experience losses with respect to such investment. 
 Lease defaults, terminations or landlord-tenant disputes may reduce our income from our single-tenant net leased investments. 
 The creditworthiness of tenants in our real estate investments could become negatively impacted as a result of challenging economic conditions or otherwise, which could result in their inability to meet the terms of their leases. Lease defaults or terminations by one or more tenants may reduce our revenues unless a default is cured or a suitable replacement tenant is found promptly. In addition, disputes may arise between the landlord and tenant that result in the tenant withholding rent payments, possibly for an extended period. These disputes may lead to litigation or other legal procedures to secure payment of the rent withheld or to evict the tenant. Upon a lease default, we may have limited remedies, be unable to accelerate lease payments and have limited or no recourse against a guarantor. Tenants as well as guarantors may have limited or no ability to satisfy any judgments we may obtain. We may also have duties to mitigate our losses and we may not be successful in that regard. Any of these situations may result in extended periods during which there is a significant decline in revenues or no revenues generated by a property. If this occurred, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We may have difficulty selling or re-leasing our single-tenant net leased properties, and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to quickly change our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 
 Real estate investments generally have less liquidity compared to other financial assets, and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to quickly change our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. The leases we may enter into or acquire may be 
 21 
 
 for properties that are specially suited to the particular needs of our tenant. With these properties, if the current lease is terminated or not renewed, we may be required to renovate the property or to make rent concessions in order to lease the property to another tenant. In addition, if we are forced to sell the property, we may have difficulty selling it to a party other than the tenant due to the special purpose for which the property may have been designed. These and other limitations may affect our ability to sell properties without adversely affecting returns to our stockholders. 
 Our ability to fully control the management of our single-tenant, net leased properties may be limited. 
 The tenants or managers o f single-tenant, net leased properties are responsible for maintenance and other day-to-day management of the properties. If a property is not adequately maintained in accordance with the terms of the applicable lease, we may incur expenses for deferred maintenance expenditures or other liabilities once the property becomes free of the lease. While our leases will generally provide for recourse against the tenant in these instances, a bankrupt or financially-troubled tenant may be more likely to defer maintenance and it may be more difficult to enforce remedies against such a tenant. In addition, to the extent tenants are unable to successfully conduct their operations, their ability to pay rent may be adversely affected. Although we endeavor to monitor, on an ongoing basis, compliance by tenants with their lease obligations and other factors that could affect the financial performance of our properties, such monitoring may not always ascertain or forestall deterioration either in the condition of a property or the financial circumstances of a tenant. 
 Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with our properties or our real estate-related investments may materially impair the value of our investments and expose us to liability. 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner of real property, such as us and our tenants, may be liable in certain circumstances for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of, or related releases of, certain hazardous or toxic substances, including materials containing asbestos, at, under or disposed of in connection with such property, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances, including government fines and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and the costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence or disposal of such substances and liability may be imposed on the owner in connection with the activities of a tenant at the property. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our or our tenants ability to sell or lease real estate, or to borrow using the real estate as collateral, which, in turn, could reduce our revenues. We, or our tenants, as owner of a site, including if we take ownership through foreclosure, may be liable under common law or otherwise to third parties for damages and injuries resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the site. The cost of any required investigation, remediation, removal, fines or personal or property damages and our or our tenants liability could significantly exceed the value of the property without any limits. The scope of the indemnification our tenants have agreed to provide us may be limited. For instance, some of our agreements with our tenants may not require them to indemnify us for environmental liabilities arising before the tenant took possession of the premises. Further, we cannot assure stockholders that any such tenant would be able to fulfill its indemnification obligations. If we were deemed liable for any such environmental liabilities and were unable to seek recovery against our tenant, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may invest in real estate, or mortgage loans secured by real estate, with environmental problems that materially impair the value of the real estate. Even as a lender, if we take title to collateral with environmental problems or if other circumstances arise, we could be subject to environmental liability. There are substantial risks associated with such an investment. We will be subject to additional risks if we make investments internationally. 
 We may originate or acquire properties located outside of the United States or loans that are made to borrowers or secured by properties located outside of the United States with the approval of our Board. These international investments present unique risks to our business. 
 Our Board may approve an investment in a property outside of the United States or in a CRE debt or CRE securities investment secured by a property located outside of the United States. Any international investments we make may be affected by factors peculiar to the laws of the jurisdiction in which the borrower or the property is located and these laws may expose us to risks that are different from or in addition to those commonly found in the United States. We may not be as familiar with the potential risks to our investments outside of the United States and we may incur losses as a result. 
 Any international investments we make could be subject to the following risks: 
 governmental laws, rules and policies, including laws relating to the foreign ownership of real property or mortgages and laws relating to the ability of foreign persons or corporations to remove profits earned from activities within the country to the person's or corporation's country of origin; 

translation and transaction risks relating to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

adverse market conditions caused by inflation or other changes in national or local political and economic conditions; 

22 
 
 challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, including corporate governance, operations, taxes and litigation; 

changes in relative interest rates; 

changes in the availability, cost and terms of borrowings resulting from varying national economic policies; 

changes in real estate and other tax rates, the tax treatment of transaction structures and other changes in operating expenses in a particular country where we have an investment; 

our REIT tax status not being respected under foreign laws, in which case any income or gains from foreign sources would likely be subject to foreign taxes, withholding taxes, transfer taxes and value added taxes; 

lack of uniform accounting standards (including availability of information in accordance with GAAP); 

changes in land use and zoning laws; 

more stringent environmental laws or changes in such laws; 

changes in the social stability or other political, economic or diplomatic developments in or affecting a country where we have an investment (including military conflicts, such as the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine); 

changes in applicable laws and regulations in the United States that affect foreign operations; and 

legal and logistical barriers to enforcing our contractual rights in other countries, including insolvency regimes, landlord/tenant rights and ability to take possession of the collateral. 

Certain of these risks may be greater in emerging markets and less developed countries. Each of these risks might adversely affect our performance and impair our ability to pay distributions to stockholders required to maintain our REIT qualification. In addition, there is less publicly available information about foreign companies and a lack of uniform financial accounting standards and practices (including the availability of information in accordance with GAAP) which could impair our ability to analyze transactions and receive timely and accurate financial information from tenants or borrowers necessary to meet our reporting obligations to financial institutions or governmental or regulatory agencies. 
 As of March 29, 2023, we do not have any investments in properties located or secured by properties located outside the United States. 
 We may invest in CRE securities, including CMBS, CRE CLOs and other subordinate securities, which entail certain heightened risks that resulted in losses following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We may invest in a variety of CRE securities, including CMBS, CRE CLOs and other subordinate securities, which may be subject to the first risk of loss if any losses are realized on the underlying mortgage loans. CMBS and CRE CLOs entitle the holders thereof to receive payments that depend primarily on the cash flow from a specified pool of commercial or multifamily mortgage loans. Consequently, CMBS, CRE CLOs and other CRE securities will be adversely affected by payment defaults, delinquencies and losses on the underlying mortgage loans, which increase during times of economic stress and uncertainty and resulted in losses being incurred on our CRE securities investments after the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we sold all of our CMBS, generating proceeds of 121.2 million and a realized loss of 35.0 million. The market for CRE securities is dependent upon liquidity for refinancing and may be negatively impacted by a slowdown in new issuance. 
 Additionally, CRE securities such as CMBS and CRE CLOs may be subject to particular risks, including lack of standardized terms and payment of all or substantially all of the principal only at maturity rather than regular amortization of principal. The value of CRE securities may change due to shifts in the market s perception of issuers and regulatory or tax changes adversely affecting the CRE debt market as a whole. Additional risks may be presented by the type and use of a particular commercial property, as well as the general risks relating to the net operating income from and value of any commercial property. The exercise of remedies and successful realization of liquidation proceeds relating to CRE securities may be highly dependent upon the performance of the servicer or special servicer. Expenses of enforcing the underlying mortgage loan (including litigation expenses) and expenses of protecting the properties securing the loan may be substantial. Consequently, in the event of a default or loss on one or more loans contained in a securitization, we may not recover a portion or all of our investment. Ratings for CRE securities can also adversely affect their value. 
 The terms of our CRE debt investments are based on our projections of market demand, as well as on market factors, and our return on our investment may be lower than expected if any of our projections are inaccurate. 
 The terms of our CRE debt investments are based on our projections of market demand, occupancy levels, rental income, the costs of any development, redevelopment or renovation of a property, borrower expertise and other factors. In addition, as the real estate market strengthens with the improvement of the U.S. economy, we will face increased competition, which may make loan origination terms less favorable to us. If any of our projections are inaccurate or we ascribe a higher value to assets and their value subsequently drops or fails to rise because of market factors, returns on our investment may be lower than expected and could experience losses. 
 23 
 
 The expected discontinuation of LIBOR may adversely affect interest income and expense related to our loans and investments or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments. 
 LIBOR has been the subject of recent national, international and regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. In a speech on July 27, 2017, the Chief Executive of the Financial Conduct Authority of the U.K. (the FCA ), announced the FCA s intention to cease sustaining LIBOR after 2021. The FCA subsequently announced on March 5, 2021 that the publication of LIBOR will cease for the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings immediately after December 31, 2021, and the remaining USD LIBOR settings immediately after June 30, 2023. Based on undertakings received from the panel banks, the FCA does not expect that any LIBOR settings will become unrepresentative before these dates. Nevertheless, the U.S. Federal Reserve System, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation have issued guidance encouraging market participants to adopt alternatives to LIBOR in new contracts as soon as practicable. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to SOFR or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from LIBOR proceeds. 
 For new loans originated, we began using SOFR beginning January 1, 2022. We anticipate continuing to use LIBOR for loans completed prior to January 1, 2022 until the earlier of their maturity dates or June 30, 2023, whichever comes first. In addition, we may need to renegotiate certain of our loan agreements with lenders and borrowers that extend past December 31, 2022, or June 30, 2023, depending on the applicable LIBOR setting. Such amendments and restructurings could require us to incur significant expense and may subject us to disputes or litigation over the appropriateness or comparability to the relevant benchmark of the replacement reference rates. As of December 31, 2022, we still had legacy agreements with borrowers that were indexed to LIBOR that we are in the process of modifying to be indexed to SOFR during the first quarter of 2023. 
 Risks Related to Our Financing Strategy 
 We may not be able to access financing sources on attractive terms, if at all, which could adversely affect our ability to execute our investment strategy. 
 We require outside capital to fund and grow our business. Our business may be adversely affected by disruptions in the debt and equity capital markets and institutional lending market, including the lack of access to capital or prohibitively high costs of obtaining or replacing capital. If economic conditions worsen, we could suffer a severe downturn and liquidity crisis. We cannot assure stockholders that financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all, or that we will be able to satisfy the conditions precedent required to use our credit facilities, which could reduce the number, or alter the type, of investments that we would make otherwise. This may reduce our income. To the extent that financing proves to be unavailable when needed, we may be compelled to modify our investment strategy to optimize the performance of our portfolio. If we cannot obtain sufficient debt and equity capital on acceptable terms, our ability to grow our business, operate and pay distributions to stockholders could be severely impacted. 
 We use leverage to originate and acquire our investments, which may adversely affect our return on our investments and may reduce cash available for distribution. 
 We leverage our portfolio generally through the use of securitization financing transactions and credit facilities. The type and percentage of financing varies depending on our ability to obtain credit and the lender's estimate of the stability of the portfolio's cash flow. High leverage can, particularly during difficult economic times, increase our risk of loss and harm our liquidity. Moreover, we may have to incur more recourse borrowings, including recourse borrowings that are subject to mark-to-market risk, in order to obtain financing for our business. 
 Our performance can be negatively affected by fluctuations in interest rates and shifts in the yield curve may cause losses. 
 The financial performance of our fixed-rate investments is influenced by changes in interest rates, in particular, as such changes may affect our CRE securities, floating-rate borrowings and CRE debt to the extent such debt does not float as a result of floors or otherwise. Changes in interest rates, including changes in expected interest rates or yield curves, affect our business in a number of ways. Changes in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred in connection with our interest-bearing borrowings and hedges. Changes in the level of interest rates also can affect, among other things, our ability to acquire CRE securities, acquire or originate CRE debt at attractive prices and enter into hedging transactions. Also, if market interest rates increase, the interest rate on any variable rate borrowings will increase and will create higher debt service requirements, which would adversely affect our cash flow and could adversely impact our results of operations. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. 
 Interest rate changes may also impact our net book value as our CRE securities and hedge derivatives are recorded at fair value each month. Generally, as interest rates increase, the value of our fixed-rate securities decreases, which will decrease the book value of our equity. 
 Furthermore, shifts in the U.S. Treasury yield curve reflecting an increase in interest rates would also affect the yield required on our CRE securities and therefore their value. For instance, increasing interest rates would reduce the value of the fixed-rate assets we hold 
 24 
 
 at the time because the higher yields required by increased interest rates result in lower market prices on existing fixed-rate assets in order to adjust the yield upward to meet the market and vice versa. This would have similar effects on our CRE securities portfolio and our financial position and operations as a change in interest rates generally. 
 Hedging against interest rate and currency exposure may adversely affect our earnings, limit our gains or result in losses, which could adversely affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 From time to time, we may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates. Derivative instruments may include interest rate swap contracts, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our actual hedging decisions will be determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge and may differ from our currently anticipated hedging strategy. There is no assurance that our hedging strategy will achieve our objectives, and we may be subject to costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate these arrangements. Any hedging activity we engage in may adversely affect our earnings, which could adversely affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Hedging instruments often are not traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities and involve risks and costs. 
 The cost of using hedging instruments increases as the period covered by the instrument lengthens and during periods of rising and volatile interest rates. We may increase our hedging activity and thus increase our hedging costs during periods when interest rates are volatile or rising and hedging costs have increased. In addition, hedging instruments involve risk since they often are not traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities. Consequently, there are no regulatory or statutory requirements with respect to record keeping, financial responsibility or segregation of customer funds and positions. Furthermore, the enforceability of agreements underlying derivative transactions may depend on compliance with applicable statutory, commodity and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. The business failure of a hedging counterparty with whom we enter into a hedging transaction will most likely result in a default. Default by a party with whom we enter into a hedging transaction may result in the loss of unrealized profits and force us to cover our resale commitments, if any, at the then current market price. It may not always be possible to dispose of or close out a hedging position without the consent of the hedging counterparty and we may not be able to enter into an offsetting contract in order to cover our risk. We cannot assure stockholders that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in losses. 
 We use short-term borrowings to finance our investments and may need to use such borrowings for extended periods of time to the extent we are unable to access long-term financing. This exposes us to increased risks associated with decreases in the fair value of the underlying collateral, which have had an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations in the past and may result in such adverse impacts again. 
 While we seek nonrecourse, non-mark-to-market, long-term financing through securitization financing transactions or other structures, such financing may be unavailable to us on favorable terms or at all. Consequently, we may be dependent on short-term financing arrangements that are not matched in duration to our financial assets. Short-term borrowing through repurchase arrangements, credit facilities and other types of borrowings may put our assets and financial condition at risk. Furthermore, the cost of borrowings may increase substantially if lenders view us as having increased credit risk during periods of market distress. Any such short-term financing may also be recourse to us, which will increase the risk of our investments. 
 In addition, the value of assets underlying any such short-term financing may be marked-to-market periodically by the lender, including on a daily basis. To the extent these financing arrangements contain mark-to-market provisions, if the market value of the investments pledged by us declines due to credit quality deterioration, we may be required by our lenders to provide additional collateral or pay down a portion of our borrowings. In a weakening economic environment, we would generally expect credit quality and the value of the investment that serves as collateral for our financing arrangements to decline, and in such a scenario, it is likely that the terms of our financing arrangements would require partial repayment from us, which could be substantial. 
 Lenders may require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 When providing financing, a lender may impose restrictions on us that affect our distribution and operating policies and our ability to incur additional borrowings. Financing arrangements that we may enter into may contain covenants that limit our ability to further incur borrowings and restrict distributions to our stockholders or that prohibit us from discontinuing insurance coverage or replacing the Advisor or Sub-Advisor. These or other limitations would decrease our operating flexibility and our ability to achieve our operating objectives, including making distributions to stockholders. 
 25 
 
 We have broad authority to use leverage and high levels of leverage could hinder our ability to pay distributions and decrease the value of our stockholders investment. 
 Our charter does not limit us from utilizing financing until our borrowings exceed 300 of our net assets, which is generally expected to approximate 75 of the aggregate cost of our investments, before deducting loan loss reserves, other non-cash reserves and depreciation. Further, we can incur financings in excess of this limitation with the approval of a majority of our independent directors. High leverage levels would cause us to incur higher interest charges and higher debt service payments and the agreements governing our borrowings may also include restrictive covenants. These factors could limit the amount of cash we have available to distribute to stockholders and could result in a decline in the value of our stockholders investment. 
 If a counterparty to our repurchase transactions defaults on its obligation to resell the underlying security back to us at the end of the transaction term, if the value of the underlying security has declined as of the end of that term, or if we default on our obligations under the repurchase agreement, we may incur a loss on our repurchase transactions. 
 When we engage in repurchase transactions, we generally sell securities to lenders (repurchase agreement counterparties) and receive cash from these lenders. The lenders are obligated to resell the same or similar securities back to us at the end of the term of the transaction. Because the cash we receive from the lender when we initially sell the securities to the lender is less than the value of those securities (this difference is the haircut), if the lender defaults on its obligation to resell the same securities back to us we may incur a loss on the transaction equal to the amount of the haircut (assuming there was no change in the value of the securities). We may incur a loss on a repurchase transaction if the value of the underlying securities has declined as of the end of the transaction term, as we would have to repurchase the securities for their initial value but would receive securities worth less than that amount. Further, if we default on one of our obligations under a repurchase transaction, the lender can terminate the transaction and cease entering into any other repurchase transactions with us. Any losses we incur on our repurchase transactions could adversely affect our earnings and thus our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 The repurchase agreements, secured loans and other financing arrangements that we use to finance our investments may require us to provide additional collateral and may restrict us from leveraging our assets as fully as desired. 
 The amount of financing we receive, or may in the future receive, under our repurchase agreements, secured loans and other financing arrangements, is directly related to the lenders valuation of the assets that secure the outstanding borrowings. Lenders under our repurchase agreements and secured loans typically have the absolute right to reevaluate the market value of the assets that secure outstanding borrowings at any time. If a lender determines in its sole discretion that the value of the assets has decreased, it has the right to initiate a margin call or increase collateral requirements. A margin call or increased collateral requirements would require us to transfer additional assets to such lender without any advance of funds from the lender for such transfer or to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings. Any such margin call or increased collateral requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business, liquidity and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders, and could cause the value of our capital stock to decline. We have been forced to sell assets at significantly depressed prices to meet such margin calls and to maintain adequate liquidity, and incurred losses in the past, and such sales and losses could happen again. Moreover, to the extent we are forced to sell assets at such time, given market conditions, we may be selling at the same time as others facing similar pressures, which could exacerbate a difficult market environment and which could result in our incurring significantly greater losses on our sale of such assets. In an extreme case of market duress, a market may not even be present for certain of our assets at any price. Such a situation would likely result in a rapid deterioration of our financial condition and possibly necessitate a filing for bankruptcy protection. 
 Further, financial institutions providing the repurchase facilities may require us to maintain a certain amount of cash uninvested or to set aside non-levered assets sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position which would allow us to satisfy our collateral obligations. As a result, we may not be able to leverage our assets as fully as desired, which could reduce our return on equity. If we are unable to meet these collateral obligations, our financial condition could deteriorate rapidly. 
 A failure to comply with covenants in our repurchase agreements, secured loans and other financing arrangements would have a material adverse effect on us, and any future financings may require us to provide additional collateral or pay down debt. 
 We are subject to various covenants contained in our existing financing arrangements and may become subject to additional covenants in connection with future financings. Our master repurchase agreements require us to maintain compliance with various financial covenants, including a minimum tangible net worth, specified financial ratios, such as total debt to total assets and financial information delivery obligations. These covenants may limit our flexibility to pursue certain investments or incur additional debt. If we fail to meet or satisfy any of these covenants, we would be in default under these agreements, and our lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral or enforce their interests against existing collateral. Further, this could also make it difficult for us to satisfy the distribution requirements necessary to maintain our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 26 
 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 If the Advisor s and the Sub-Advisor s portfolio management systems are ineffective, we may be exposed to material unanticipated losses. 
 The Advisor and the Sub-Advisor will periodically refine their portfolio management techniques, strategies and assessment methods. However, the Advisor s and the Sub-Advisor s portfolio management techniques and strategies may not fully mitigate the risk exposure of our operations in all economic or market environments, or against all types of risk, including risks that we might fail to identify or anticipate. Any failures in the Advisor s and the Sub-Advisor s portfolio management techniques and strategies to accurately quantify such risk exposure could limit our ability to manage risks in our operations or to seek adequate risk adjusted returns and could result in losses. 
 Our distribution policy is subject to change. 
 We cannot guarantee the amount of distributions paid, if any. Our Board will determine an appropriate common stock distribution based upon numerous factors, including our targeted distribution rate, REIT qualification requirements, earnings, the amount of cash flow generated from operations, availability of existing cash balances, borrowing capacity under existing credit agreements, access to cash in the capital markets and other financing sources, our view of our ability to realize gains in the future through appreciation in the value of our assets, general economic conditions and economic conditions that more specifically impact our business or prospects. Future distribution levels are subject to adjustment based upon any one or more of the risk factors set forth herein, as well as other factors that our Board may, from time-to-time, deem relevant to consider when determining an appropriate common stock distribution. The amount of distributions we may pay in the future is not certain. 
 On March 24, 2020, our Board suspended the payment of distributions to our stockholders after considering various factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy and the inability to accurately calculate our NAV. On July 30, 2020, our Board began authorizing monthly distributions again consistent with its practice prior to the pandemic, but our Board may determine to formally suspend or otherwise not authorize monthly or any distributions in the future. 
 Our ability to pay distributions is limited by the requirements of Maryland law. 
 Our ability to pay distributions on our common stock and dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock is limited by the laws of Maryland. Under applicable Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not make a distribution if, after giving effect to the distribution, the corporation would not be able to pay its liabilities as the liabilities become due in the usual course of business, or generally if the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus, unless the corporation s charter permits otherwise, the amount that would be needed if the corporation were dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of the stockholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. Accordingly, we may not make a distribution on our common stock or Series A Preferred Stock if, after giving effect to the distribution, we would not be able to pay our liabilities as they become due in the usual course of business or generally if our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus, unless our charter permits otherwise, the amount that would be needed to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of the holders of shares of any class or series of preferred stock then outstanding, if any, with preferences senior to those of our common stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, in the case of a distribution on our common stock, or with preferences senior to those of our Series A Preferred Stock, in the case of a distribution on the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations, which increases the uncertainty and risks they face as a stockholder. 
 Our Board determines our major policies, including our policies regarding growth, REIT qualification and distributions. Our Board may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of our stockholders. We may change our investment policies without stockholder notice or consent, which could result in investments that are different than, or in different proportion than, those described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL and our charter, stockholders have a right to vote only on limited matters. Our Board s broad discretion in setting policies and stockholders' inability to exert control over those policies increases the uncertainty and risks stockholders face. Under the MGCL and our charter, stockholders have a right to vote only on: 
 the election or removal of directors; 

amendment of our charter, except that our Board may amend our charter without stockholder approval to (i) increase or decrease the aggregate number of our shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have the authority to issue; (ii) effect certain reverse stock splits; and (iii) change our name or the name or other designation or the par value of any class or series of our stock and the aggregate par value of our stock; 

our liquidation or dissolution; 

certain reorganizations of our company, as provided in our charter; 

27 
 
 certain mergers, consolidations, conversions or sales or other dispositions of all or substantially all our assets, as provided in our charter; and 

statutory share exchanges. 

Pursuant to the MGCL, all matters other than the election or removal of a director must be declared advisable by our Board prior to a binding stockholder vote. Our Board s broad discretion in setting policies and stockholders inability to exert control over those policies increases the uncertainty and risks they face. 
 We are not required to comply with certain reporting requirements, including those relating to auditor s attestation reports on the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting, accounting standards and disclosure about our executive compensation, that apply to certain other public companies. 
 The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for emerging growth companies, including certain requirements relating to accounting standards and compensation disclosure. We are classified as an emerging growth company. For as long as we are an emerging growth company, which may be up to five full fiscal years, unlike other public companies, we are not required to (1) provide an auditor s attestation report on the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (2) comply with any new or revised financial accounting standards applicable to public companies until such standards are also applicable to private companies under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act, (3) comply with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit and the financial statements of the issuer, (4) comply with any new audit rules adopted by the PCAOB after April 5, 2012 unless the SEC determines otherwise, (5) provide certain disclosure regarding executive compensation required of larger public companies or (6) hold stockholder advisory votes on executive compensation. 
 Once we are no longer an emerging growth company, so long as our shares of common stock are not traded on a securities exchange, we will be deemed to be a non-accelerated filer under the Exchange Act, and as a non-accelerated filer, we will be exempt from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, so long as we are externally managed by the Advisor and we do not directly compensate our executive officers, or reimburse the Advisor or its affiliates for salaries, bonuses, benefits and severance payments for persons who also serve as one of our executive officers or as an executive officer of the Advisor, we do not have any executive compensation, making the exemptions listed in (5) and (6) above generally inapplicable. 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we choose to rely on any of the exemptions discussed above. 
 As noted above, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to opt out of this transition period, and will therefore comply with new or revised accounting standards on the applicable dates on which the adoption of these standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. This election is irrevocable. 
 Our UPREIT structure may result in potential conflicts of interest with limited partners in the Operating Partnership whose interests may not be aligned with those of our stockholders. 
 Our directors and officers have duties to our corporation and our stockholders under the MGCL and our charter in connection with their management of the corporation. At the same time, we, as general partner, will have fiduciary duties under Delaware law to the Operating Partnership and to the limited partners in connection with the management of the Operating Partnership. Our duties as general partner of the Operating Partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our corporation and our stockholders. Under Delaware law, a general partner of a Delaware limited partnership owes its limited partners the duties of good faith and fair dealing. Other duties, including fiduciary duties, may be modified or eliminated in the partnership s partnership agreement. The partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership (the Partnership Agreement provides that, for so long as we own a controlling interest in the Operating Partnership, any conflict that cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either our stockholders or the limited partners will be resolved in favor of our stockholders. 
 Additionally, the Partnership Agreement expressly limits our liability by providing that we will not be liable or accountable to the Operating Partnership for losses sustained, liabilities incurred or benefits not derived if we acted in good faith. In addition, the Operating Partnership is required to indemnify us and our officers, directors, employees, agents and designees to the extent permitted by applicable law from and against any and all claims arising from operations of the Operating Partnership, unless it is established that: (1) the act or omission was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and either was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; (2) the indemnified party received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the indemnified person had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 
 The provisions of Delaware law that allow the fiduciary duties of a general partner to be modified by a Partnership Agreement have not been tested in a court of law, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the Partnership Agreement that purport to waive or restrict our fiduciary duties. 
 28 
 
 We have issued Series A Preferred Stock that subordinates certain rights of the holders of our common stock, and our charter permits our Board to issue additional stock with terms that may subordinate the rights of our common stockholders or discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that could result in a premium price to stockholders. 
 Our Board may classify or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, and limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of any such stock. Thus, in addition to the Series A Preferred Stock, our Board could authorize the issuance of additional preferred stock with priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our common stock. Such preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price to holders of our common stock. Our Board may determine to issue different classes of stock that have different fees and commissions from those being paid with respect to the shares being sold in our offerings. Additionally, our Board may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of authorized shares of any class or series of stock without stockholder approval. 
 Payment of fees to the Advisor and its affiliates reduces cash available for investment and distribution and increases the risk that stockholders will not be able to recover the amount of their investment in our shares. 
 The Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their affiliates perform services for us in connection with the selection, acquisition, origination, management and administration of our investments. We pay the Advisor substantial fees for these services, which reduces the cash available for investment or distribution to stockholders. We may increase the compensation we pay to the Advisor subject to approval by our board of directors and other limitations in our charter, which would further reduce the amount of cash available for investment or distribution to stockholders. 
 Fees payable to the Advisor and its affiliates increase the risk that the amount available for distribution to our stockholders upon a liquidation of our portfolio would be less than the purchase price of the shares in the Public Offerings. These substantial fees and other payments also increase the risk that stockholders will not be able to resell their shares at a profit, even if our shares are listed on a national securities exchange. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to recover claims against our independent directors are limited, which could reduce their and our recovery against them if they negligently cause us to incur losses. 
 Maryland law provides that a director has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Our charter generally provides that: (i) no director shall be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages (provided that such director satisfies certain applicable criteria); (ii) we will generally indemnify non-independent directors for losses unless they are negligent or engage in misconduct; and (iii) we will generally indemnify independent directors for losses unless they are grossly negligent or engage in willful misconduct. As a result, our stockholders and we may have more limited rights against our directors than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce their and our recovery from these persons if they act in a negligent manner. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our independent directors (as well as by our other directors, officers, employees (if we ever have employees) and agents) in some cases, which would decrease the cash otherwise available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest 
 The Sub-Advisor may face a conflict of interest with respect to the allocation of investment opportunities and competition for tenants between us and other real estate programs affiliated with Sound Point. 
 The Sub-Advisor s officers and key real estate professionals will identify potential investments which are consistent with our investment guidelines for our possible origination and acquisition. The Sub-Advisor or its affiliates advise other investment programs affiliated with Sound Point that invest in real estate-related assets in which we may be interested and, therefore, the Sub-Advisor could face conflicts of interest in determining which programs will have the opportunity to acquire and participate in such investments as they become available. As a result, other investment programs advised by the Sub-Advisor or its affiliates compete with us with respect to certain investments that we may want to acquire. 
 The Advisor faces a conflict of interest because the management fee and performance fee are based on the value of our investment portfolio as determined in connection with our determination of NAV, which is calculated by the Advisor. 
 The Advisor is paid a management fee and a performance fee for its services that are based on the value of our investment portfolio as determined in connection with our determination of NAV, which is calculated by the Advisor in accordance with our valuation guidelines. The calculation of our NAV includes certain subjective judgments with respect to estimating, for example, our accrued expenses, net portfolio income and liabilities, and therefore, our NAV may not correspond to realizable value upon a sale of those assets. 
 29 
 
 The Advisor may benefit by us retaining ownership of our assets at times when our stockholders may be better served by the sale or disposition of our assets in order to avoid a reduction in our NAV. If our NAV is calculated in a way that is not reflective of our actual net asset value, then the then-current transaction price of shares of our common stock on a given date may not accurately reflect the value of our portfolio, and our stockholders shares may be worth less than the then-current transaction price. 
 Our executive officers, our affiliated directors and the key real estate professionals acting on behalf of the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor face conflicts of interest related to their positions or interests in affiliates of Inland and Sound Point, which could hinder our ability to implement our business strategy and to generate returns to our stockholders. 
 Our executive officers, our affiliated directors and the key real estate professionals acting on behalf of the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor are also executive officers, directors, managers or key professionals of Inland or Sound Point. Some of these persons also serve as managers and investment advisers to other funds and institutional investors, for example, the institutional investor advised by Sound Point that purchased senior participation interests in certain of our first mortgage loans. As a result, they owe fiduciary duties to each of these entities and their investors, which fiduciary duties may from time to time conflict with the fiduciary duties that they owe to us and our stockholders, and could face conflicts of interest in allocating their time among us and such other funds, investors and activities. Their loyalties to these other entities and investors could result in action or inaction that is detrimental to our business, which could harm the implementation of our investment strategy, and could cause these individuals to allocate less of their time to us than we may require, which may adversely impact our operations and financial results. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Matters 
 We are subject to substantial regulation, numerous contractual obligations and extensive internal policies and failure to comply with these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We and our subsidiaries are subject to substantial regulation, numerous contractual obligations and extensive internal policies. Given our organizational structure and activities, we are subject to regulation by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ), the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), and other federal, state and local governmental bodies and agencies and state blue sky laws. These regulations are extensive, complex and require substantial financial resources and management time and attention. If we fail to comply with any of the regulations that apply to our business, we could be subjected to extensive investigations as well as substantial costs and penalties and our business and operations could be materially adversely affected. Our lack of compliance with applicable law could result in among other penalties, our ineligibility to contract with and receive revenue from the federal government or other governmental authorities and agencies. We also expect to have numerous contractual obligations that we must adhere to on a continuous basis to operate our business, the default of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our internal policies may not be effective in all regards and, further, if we fail to comply with our internal policies, we could be subjected to additional risk and liability. 
 Stockholders investment return may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 We intend to conduct our operations so that none of we, the Operating Partnership or the subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of the issuer s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Excluded from the term investment securities, among other things, are U.S. government securities and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
 With respect to Section 3(a)(1)(A), we do not intend to engage primarily or hold ourself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, we will be primarily engaged in the non-investment company businesses of the Operating Partnership and its wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, each of which will rely on an exception from registration under the Investment Company Act. With respect to Section 3(a)(1)(C), we expect that most of the entities through which we own assets will be wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exceptions from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act and, thus, we do not expect to own a significant amount of investment securities . 
 Through the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, we plan to originate, acquire, invest in and manage instruments that could be deemed to be securities for purposes of the Investment Company Act, including, but not limited to, first mortgage loans, subordinate mortgage and mezzanine loans, and participations in such loans, as well as CMBS, CRE CLOs and senior unsecured debt of publicly traded REITs. We may also invest in select equity investments in single-tenant, net leased properties. Accordingly, it is possible that more than 40 of the total assets of the Operating Partnership or its subsidiaries will be deemed to be investment securities for 
 30 
 
 Investment Company Act purposes. However, in reliance on Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act, we do not intend to register the Operating Partnership or any of its subsidiaries as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Entities that meet the standards set forth in Section 3(c)(5)(C) are excepted from the definition of an investment company. Section 3(c)(5)(C) is available for entities primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. This exception generally requires that at least 55 of each such subsidiary s portfolio must be comprised of qualifying assets and at least another 25 of each of their portfolios must be comprised of real estate-related assets under the Investment Company Act (and no more than 20 comprised of non-qualifying or non-real estate-related assets). Qualifying assets for this purpose include mortgage loans and other assets, such as certain subordinated mezzanine loans and participations and other interests in real estate, as interpreted by the SEC staff in various no-action letters. As a result of the foregoing restrictions, we will be limited in our ability to make certain investments. 
 Existing SEC no-action positions were issued in accordance with factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations we may face, and a number of these no-action positions were issued more than 10 years ago. Certain mortgage loans and participations in mortgage loans may not constitute qualifying real estate investments for purposes of Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. No assurance can be given that the SEC will concur with our classification of the assets of the Operating Partnership or its subsidiaries. Future revisions to the Investment Company Act or further guidance from the SEC staff may cause us to lose our ability to rely on Section 3(c)(5)(C) or force us to re-evaluate our portfolio and our investment strategy. Such changes may prevent us from operating our business successfully. 
 The Advisor will continually review our investment activity to attempt to ensure that we will not be regulated as an investment company. 
 We believe that none of we, the Operating Partnership or the subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership will be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if we were obligated to register as an investment company, we would have to comply with a variety of substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act that impose, among other things: 
 limitations on capital structure; 

restrictions on specified investments; 

restrictions or prohibitions on retaining earnings; 

restrictions on leverage or senior securities; 

restrictions on unsecured borrowings; 

requirements that our income be derived from certain types of assets; 

prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; and 

compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly increase our operating expenses. 

If we were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business, and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. 
 Registration with the SEC as an investment company would be costly, would subject our company to a host of complex regulations, and would divert the attention of management from the conduct of our business. In addition, making investments that do not fit our investment guidelines and the purchase or sale of investment securities or other assets to preserve our status as a company not required to register as an investment company could materially adversely affect our NAV, the amount of funds available for investment and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 31 
 
 Risks Related to our REIT Status and Certain Other Tax Items 
 
 If we do not maintain our qualification as a REIT, we will be subject to tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability. 
 We have operated and expect to continue to operate so as to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended the Code ). However, qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which only a limited number of judicial or administrative interpretations exist. Notwithstanding the availability of cure provisions in the Code, various compliance requirements could be failed and could jeopardize our REIT status. Furthermore, new tax legislation, administrative guidance or court decisions, in each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT in any tax year, then: 
 we would be taxed as a regular domestic corporation, which under current laws, among other things, means being unable to deduct dividends paid to stockholders in computing taxable income and being subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates; 

any resulting tax liability could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our NAV; 

our cash available for distribution to stockholders would be reduced by the amount of taxes we would be required to pay for each of the years during which we did not qualify as a REIT and for which we had taxable income; and 

we generally would not be eligible to re-elect to be taxed as a REIT for the subsequent four full taxable years. 

Legislative, regulatory or administrative changes could adversely affect us or our stockholders. 
 In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made in the provisions of U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to investments similar to an investment in shares of our common stock. The 2017 tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act resulted in fundamental changes to the Code, with many of the changes applicable to individuals applying only through December 31, 2025. Further changes to the tax laws are possible. In particular, the federal income taxation of REITs may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, administrative or judicial action at any time. 
 Although REITs generally receive certain tax advantages compared to entities taxed as regular corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real-estate-related debt to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a corporation. As a result, our charter authorizes our Board to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that changes to U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations or other considerations mean it is no longer in our best interests to qualify as a REIT. 
 We cannot provide assurance that future changes to the tax laws will not adversely affect the taxation of us or our stockholders. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our common stock or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. Stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisor with respect to the impact of any legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on their investment. 
 The failure of a mezzanine loan to qualify as a real estate asset could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 We may originate or acquire mezzanine loans, for which the IRS has provided a safe harbor, but not rules of substantive law, addressing whether such loans will be treated as real estate assets. Pursuant to the safe harbor, if a mezzanine loan meets certain requirements, it will be treated by the IRS as a real estate asset for purposes of the asset tests, and interest derived from the mezzanine loan will be treated as qualifying mortgage interest for purposes of the 75 gross income test. Our mezzanine loans may not meet all of the requirements of this safe harbor. In the event we own a mezzanine loan that does not meet the safe harbor, the IRS could challenge such loan s treatment as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset and gross income tests and, if such a challenge were sustained, we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 The receipt of certain fee income in connection with loans we make or hold may not be qualifying income for purposes of the gross income tests and could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 We may be entitled to receive various fees in connection with the loans we make or hold. Certain commitment fees are qualifying income for purposes of the gross income tests, as are fees that are properly treated as interest or original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Fees that represent compensation for services we perform are not qualifying income. If nonqualifying fee income, together with any other nonqualifying gross income, exceeds 5 of our gross income, we will fail to qualify as a REIT. While we monitor our satisfaction of the gross income tests and the terms of all loans we make or acquire, the IRS may not agree with all of our fee characterizations. 
 The failure of assets subject to repurchase agreements to qualify as real estate assets could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 We have entered into financing arrangements that are structured as sale and repurchase agreements pursuant to which we nominally sell certain of our assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase these assets at a later date in exchange for a purchase price. Economically, these agreements are financings that are secured by the assets sold pursuant thereto. We believe that 
 32 
 
 we are treated for asset test and gross income test purposes as the owner of the assets that are the subject of such sale and repurchase agreements notwithstanding that such agreements may transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that we do not own the assets during the term of the related sale and repurchase agreement, in which case we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 To maintain our REIT status, we may have to borrow funds on a short-term basis during unfavorable market conditions. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute annually to our stockholders dividends equal to at least 90 of our net taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains. We will be subject to regular corporate income taxes on any undistributed REIT taxable income each year. Additionally, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from previous years. Payments we make to our stockholders under our SRP generally will not be taken into account for purposes of these distribution requirements. If we do not have sufficient cash to pay distributions necessary to preserve our REIT status for any year or to avoid taxation, we may be forced to borrow funds or sell assets even if the market conditions at that time are not favorable for these borrowings or sales. These options could increase our costs or reduce our equity. 
 Compliance with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities, which may hinder or delay our ability to meet our investment objectives and reduce overall returns to stockholders. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we are required at all times to satisfy tests relating to, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the ownership of our stock and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. Compliance with the REIT requirements may impair our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. For example, we may be required to pay distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. 
 Compliance with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate or restructure otherwise attractive investments. 
 To qualify as a REIT, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets must consist of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified real estate assets. The remainder of our investments in securities (other than securities that are qualified assets under the 75 asset test, securities of a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours or equity securities issued by an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) generally cannot include more than 10 of the voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. The 10 value asset test does not apply to straight debt securities. Debt will be treated as straight debt for these purposes if the debt is a written unconditional promise to pay on demand or on a specified date a certain sum of money, the debt is not convertible, directly or indirectly, into stock, and the interest rate and the interest payment dates of the debt are not contingent on the profits, the borrower s discretion, or similar factors. Additionally, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than securities that are qualified assets under the 75 asset test, securities of a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours or equity securities issued by an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, no more than 20 of the value of our assets may be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries and no more than 25 of the value of our assets may consist of nonqualified publicly offered REIT debt investments. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must dispose of a portion of our assets within 30 days after the end of such calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions in order to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. In order to satisfy these requirements and maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may be forced to liquidate assets from our portfolio or not make otherwise attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 The tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability to engage in transactions, including certain methods of securitizing mortgage loans, which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, but including mortgage loans, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We might be subject to this tax if we were to dispose of, or securitize, loans in a manner that was treated as a sale of the loans for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, in order to avoid the prohibited transactions tax, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of loans at the REIT level and may limit the structures we utilize for any securitization transactions, even though the sales or such structures might otherwise be beneficial to us. 
 Stockholders may face adverse tax rules if we generate excess inclusion income. 
 If we acquire real estate mortgage investment conduits REMIC residual interests or equity interests in taxable mortgage pools (in a manner consistent with our REIT qualification) and generate excess inclusion income, a portion of our dividends received by a tax-exempt stockholder will be treated as unrelated business taxable income. Excess inclusion income would also be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax rules in the case of U.S. taxable stockholders and non-U.S. stockholders. We intend to structure our transactions in a manner we believe would avoid generating excess inclusion income. 
 33 
 
 Modification of the terms of our CRE debt investments and mortgage loans underlying our CMBS in conjunction with reductions in the value of the real property securing such loans could cause us to fail to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 Our CRE debt and securities investments may be materially affected by a weak real estate market and economy in general. As a result, many of the terms of our CRE debt and the mortgage loans underlying our CRE securities may be modified to avoid taking title to a property. Under Treasury Regulations, if the terms of a loan are modified in a manner constituting a significant modification, such modification triggers a deemed exchange of the original loan for the modified loan. In general, if a loan is secured by real property and other property, and the highest principal amount of the loan outstanding during a taxable year exceeds the fair market value of the real property securing the loan determined as of the date we agreed to acquire the loan or the date we significantly modified the loan, a portion of the interest income from such loan will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test although it may nevertheless be qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test. A portion of the loan may also be a non-qualifying asset for purposes of the 75 asset test. The non-qualifying portion of such a loan would be subject to, among other requirements, the requirement that a REIT not hold securities representing more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. 
 IRS Revenue Procedure 2014-51 provides a safe harbor pursuant to which we will not be required to redetermine the fair market value of the real property securing a loan for purposes of the gross income and asset tests discussed above in connection with a loan modification that is: (i) occasioned by a borrower default; or (ii) made at a time when we reasonably believe that the modification to the loan will substantially reduce a significant risk of default on the original loan. No assurance can be provided that all of our loan modifications will qualify for the safe harbor in Revenue Procedure 2014-51. To the extent we significantly modify loans in a manner that does not qualify for that safe harbor, we will be required to redetermine the value of the real property securing the loan at the time it was significantly modified. In determining the value of the real property securing such a loan, we generally will not obtain third-party appraisals, but rather will rely on internal valuations. No assurance can be provided that the IRS will not successfully challenge our internal valuations. If the terms of our debt investments and mortgage loans underlying our CMBS are significantly modified in a manner that does not qualify for the safe harbor in Revenue Procedure 2014-51 and the fair market value of the real property securing such loans has decreased significantly, we could fail the 75 gross income test, the 75 asset test, the 5 asset test and/or the 10 value asset test. Unless we qualified for relief under certain Code cure provisions, such failures could cause us to fail to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 Our acquisition of debt or securities investments may cause us to recognize income for federal income tax purposes even though no cash payments have been received on the investments. 
 We may acquire debt or securities investments in the secondary market for less than their face amount. The amount of such discount will generally be treated as a market discount for federal income tax purposes. If these debt or securities investments provide for payment-in-kind interest, we may recognize original issue discount, or OID, for federal income tax purposes. Moreover, we may acquire distressed debt investments that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding debt constitute significant modifications under the applicable Treasury Regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to us in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower. In that event, if the debt is considered to be publicly traded for federal income tax purposes, the modified debt in our hands may be considered to have been issued with OID to the extent the fair market value of the modified debt is less than the principal amount of the outstanding debt. In the event the debt is not considered to be publicly traded for federal income tax purposes, we may be required to recognize taxable income to the extent that the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our cost of purchasing it. Also, certain loans that we originate and later modify and certain previously modified debt we acquire in the secondary market may be considered to have been issued with the OID at the time it was modified. 
 In general, we will be required to accrue OID on a debt instrument as taxable income in accordance with applicable federal income tax rules even though no cash payments may be received on such debt instrument on a current basis. 
 In the event a borrower with respect to a particular debt instrument encounters financial difficulty rendering it unable to pay stated interest as due, we may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest as taxable income. Similarly, we may be required to accrue interest income with respect to subordinate mortgage-backed securities at the stated rate regardless of when their corresponding cash payments are received. 
 In order to meet the REIT distribution requirements, it might be necessary for us to arrange for short-term or possibly long-term borrowings, or to pay distributions in the form of our shares or other taxable in-kind distributions of property. We may need to borrow funds at times when the market conditions are unfavorable. Such borrowings could increase our costs and reduce the value of a stockholders investment. In the event in-kind distributions are made, a stockholder s tax liabilities associated with an investment in our common stock for a given year may exceed the amount of cash we distribute to stockholders during such year. 
 34 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 The REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge our operations effectively. Our aggregate gross income from non-qualifying hedges, fees and certain other non-qualifying sources cannot exceed 5 of our annual gross income. As a result, we might have to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ). Any hedging income earned by a TRS would be subject to federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities or expose us to greater risks associated with interest rate or other changes than we would otherwise incur. 
 Our charter does not permit any person or group to own more than 9.8 of our outstanding common stock or value of our outstanding capital stock of all classes or series, and attempts to acquire our common stock or our capital stock of all other classes or series in excess of these 9.8 limits would not be effective without an exemption from these limits by our Board. 
 For us to qualify as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 of the value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (including certain entities treated as individuals for this purpose) during the last half of a taxable year. For the purpose of assisting our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our charter prohibits beneficial or constructive ownership by any person or group of more than 9.8 , in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our outstanding common stock, or 9.8 in value of our outstanding capital stock of all classes or series, which we refer to as the Ownership Limits. The constructive ownership rules under the Code and our charter are complex and may cause shares of the outstanding common stock owned by a group of related persons to be deemed to be constructively owned by one person. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 of our outstanding common stock or our capital stock by a person could cause another person to be treated as owning in excess of 9.8 of our outstanding common stock or our capital stock, respectively, and thus violate the Ownership Limits. There can be no assurance that our Board, as permitted in the charter, will not decrease these Ownership Limits in the future. Any attempt to own or transfer shares of our common stock or capital stock in excess of the Ownership Limits without the consent of our Board will result either in the shares in excess of the limit being transferred by operation of our charter to a charitable trust or in the transfer being void. 
 
 The Ownership Limits may have the effect of precluding a change in control of us by a third party, even if such change in control would be in the best interests of our stockholders or would result in receipt of a premium to the price of our common stock (and even if such change in control would not reasonably jeopardize our REIT status). The exemptions to the Ownership Limits granted to date may limit our Board s power to increase the Ownership Limits or grant further exemptions in the future. 
 Non-U.S. stockholders may be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and pay U.S. federal income tax upon their receipt of certain distributions from us or upon their disposition of shares of our common stock. 
 In addition to any potential withholding tax on ordinary dividends, a non-U.S. stockholder, other than a qualified shareholder or a qualified foreign pension fund, as each is defined in Section 897 of the Code, that recognizes gain upon a disposition of a United States real property interest USRPI or that receives a distribution from a REIT that is attributable to gains from such a disposition, is generally subject to U.S. federal income tax under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980, as amended FIRPTA ), on such gain. FIRPTA gains must be reported on U.S. federal income tax returns and are taxable at regular U.S. federal income tax rates. We will be a United States real property holding corporation USRPHC if the value of our USRPIs is equal to or greater than 50 of the value of our USRPIs, interests in non-U.S. real property and other trade or business assets at any time during the relevant testing period. We do not expect to be a USRPHC but cannot give assurances that we will not become a USRPHC. Even if we were a USRPHC, such tax does not apply, however, to the disposition of stock in a REIT that is domestically controlled. Generally, a REIT is domestically controlled if less than 50 of its stock, by value, has been owned directly or indirectly by non-U.S. persons during a continuous five-year period ending on the date of disposition or, if shorter, during the entire period of the REIT s existence. We cannot assure stockholders that we will qualify as a domestically controlled REIT. If we were to fail to so qualify, amounts received by a non-U.S. stockholder on certain dispositions of shares of our common stock (including a repurchase) would be subject to tax under FIRPTA, unless (i) our shares of common stock were regularly traded on an established securities market and (ii) the non-U.S. stockholder did not, at any time during a specified testing period, hold more than 10 of our common stock. Furthermore, even if we are not a USRPHC or are domestically controlled, distributions, including repurchases, by us that are attributable to gains from dispositions of USRPIs will be subject to tax under FIRPTA and special withholding rules unless the conditions in clauses (i) and (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence are satisfied, subject to certain exceptions. Our shares are not regularly traded on an established securities market and we do not expect that they will be in the future. 
 Investments outside of the United States may subject us to additional taxes and could present additional complications to our ability to satisfy the REIT qualification requirements. 
 Non-U.S. investments may subject us to various non-U.S. tax liabilities, including withholding taxes. In addition, operating in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar and in environments in which real estate transactions are typically structured differently than they are in the United States or are subject to different legal rules may present complications to our ability to structure non-U.S. investments in a manner that enables us to satisfy the REIT qualification requirements. Even if we maintain our status as a REIT, entities through 
 35 
 
 which we hold investments in assets located outside the United States may be subject to income taxation by jurisdictions in which such assets are located or in which our subsidiaries that hold interests in such assets are located. Any such taxes could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders will be reduced by any such non-U.S. income taxes. 
 Restrictions on the deduction of all of our interest expense could prevent us from satisfying the REIT distribution requirement and avoiding the incurrence of income or excise taxes. 
 Rules enacted by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act may limit our ability (and the ability of entities that are not treated as disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and in which we hold an interest) to deduct interest expense. Under amended Section 163(j) of the Code, the deduction for business interest expense may be limited to the amount of the taxpayer s business interest income plus 30 of the taxpayer s adjusted taxable income unless the taxpayer s gross receipts do not exceed 25 million per year during the applicable testing period or the taxpayer qualifies to elect and elects to be treated as an electing real property trade or business. A taxpayer s adjusted taxable income will start with its taxable income and add back items of non-business income and expense, business interest income and business interest expense, net operating losses, any deductions for qualified business income, and, in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2022, any deductions for depreciation, amortization or depletion. A taxpayer that is exempt from the interest expense limitations as an electing real property trade or business is ineligible for certain expensing benefits and is subject to less favorable depreciation rules for real property. The rules for business interest expense will apply to us and at the level of each entity in which or through which we invest that is not a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To the extent that our interest expense is not deductible, our taxable income will be increased, as will our REIT distribution requirement and the amounts we need to distribute to avoid incurring income and excise taxes. 
 We may incur tax liabilities that would reduce our cash available for distribution to stockholders. 
 Even if we qualify and maintain our status as a REIT, we may become subject to U.S. federal income taxes and related state and local taxes. For example, net income from the sale of properties that are dealer properties sold by a REIT generally will be subject to a 100 prohibited transactions tax. We may not make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes applicable to REITs. Similarly, if we were to fail a gross income test (and did not lose our REIT status because such failure was due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect), we would be subject to tax on the income that does not meet the gross income test requirements. We also may decide to retain net capital gain we earn from the sale or other disposition of our investments and pay income tax directly on such income. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have no benefit from their deemed payment of such tax liability unless they file U.S. federal income tax returns and thereon seek a refund of such tax. We also may be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, including franchise, payroll, mortgage recording and transfer taxes, either directly or at the level of the other companies through which we indirectly own our assets, such as our taxable REIT subsidiaries, which are subject to applicable corporate income taxes. Any taxes we pay directly or indirectly will reduce our cash available for distribution to stockholders. 
 
 Our Board is authorized to revoke our REIT election without stockholder approval, which may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. 
 Our charter authorizes our Board to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that changes to U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations or other considerations mean it is no longer in our best interests to qualify as a REIT. Our Board has fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders and could only cause such changes in our tax treatment if it determines in good faith that such changes are in our best interests and in the best interests of our stockholders. In this event, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income and we would no longer be required to distribute most of our net income to our stockholders, which may cause a reduction in the total return to our stockholders. 
 If certain sale-leaseback transactions are not characterized by the IRS as true leases, we may be subject to adverse tax consequences. 
 We may purchase investments in properties and lease them back to the sellers of these properties. If the IRS does not characterize these leases as true leases, we could fail to maintain our REIT status. 
 Liquidation of assets may jeopardize our REIT qualification. 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must comply with requirements regarding our assets and our sources of income. If we are compelled to liquidate our investments to satisfy our obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT, or we may be subject to a 100 prohibited transaction tax on any resulting gain if we sell assets that are treated as dealer property or inventory. 
 Our ownership of and relationship with any TRS that we may form or acquire is subject to limitations, and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT qualification and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 We own 100 of the stock of a TRS, and we may own more in the future. A TRS may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by the parent REIT. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. Overall, no 
 36 
 
 more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs at the end of any calendar quarter. A TRS will pay federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates on any income that it earns. In addition, the TRS rules impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s length basis. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the TRS limitations or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax discussed above. 
 Our domestic TRSs would pay U.S. federal and any applicable state and local income tax on their taxable income, and their after-tax net income would be available for distribution to us but would not be required to be distributed to us. If we were to organize a TRS as a non-U.S. corporation (or non-U.S. entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes), we may generate income inclusions relating to the earnings of the non-U.S. TRS that are treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test but not the 75 gross income test. 
 Generally, ordinary dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for reduced U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. 
 Currently, the maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to certain non-corporate U.S. stockholders is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rate. REIT dividends that are not designated as qualified dividend income or capital gain dividends are taxable as ordinary income. The more favorable rates applicable to qualified dividend income could cause certain non-corporate investors to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends. However, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, non-corporate U.S. taxpayers may be entitled to claim a deduction in determining their taxable income of up to 20 of qualified REIT dividends (dividends other than capital gain dividends and dividends attributable to certain qualified dividend income received by us), subject to certain limitations. Investors are urged to consult with their tax advisor regarding the effect of this change on their effective tax rate with respect to REIT dividends. 
 If our Operating Partnership failed to qualify as a partnership or is not disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a REIT. 
 If the IRS were to successfully challenge the status of our Operating Partnership as a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it would be taxable as a corporation. In the event that this occurs, it would reduce the amount of distributions that our Operating Partnership could make to us. This would also result in our failing to qualify as a REIT and becoming subject to a corporate-level tax on our income, which would substantially reduce our cash available to pay distributions and the yield on our stockholder s investment. 
 There may be tax consequences to any modifications to our borrowings, our hedging transactions and other contracts to replace references to LIBOR. 
 We are parties to loan agreements with LIBOR-based interest rates and derivatives with LIBOR-based terms used for hedging and may hold or acquire MBS and other assets with LIBOR-based terms. We may have to renegotiate such LIBOR-based instruments to replace references to LIBOR. Under current law, certain modifications of terms of LIBOR-based instruments may have tax consequences, including deemed taxable exchanges of the pre-modification instrument for the modified instrument. Recently finalized Treasury Regulations, which became effective on March 7, 2022, treat certain modifications that would be taxable events under current law as non-taxable events. The Treasury Regulations also permit REMICs to make certain modifications without losing REMIC qualification. The Treasury Regulations do not discuss REIT-specific issues of modifications to LIBOR-based instruments. The IRS has also issued Revenue Procedure 2020-44, which provides additional guidance to facilitate the market s transition from LIBOR rates. This guidance clarifies the treatment of certain debt instruments modified to replace LIBOR- based terms. We will attempt to migrate to a post-LIBOR environment without jeopardizing our REIT qualification or suffering other adverse tax consequences but can give no assurances that we will succeed. 
 We may choose to pay dividends in a combination of cash and our own common stock, in which case stockholders may be required to pay income taxes in excess of the cash dividends they receive. 
 
 We may choose to pay dividends in a combination of cash and our own common stock. Under IRS Revenue Procedure 2017-45, as a publicly offered REIT, we may give stockholders a choice, subject to various limits and requirements, of receiving a dividend in cash or in our common stock. As long as at least 20 (modified pursuant to Rev. Proc. 2021-53 to 10 for distributions declared on or after November 1, 2021 and on or before June 30, 2022) of the total dividend is available in cash and certain other requirements are satisfied, the IRS will treat the stock distribution as a dividend (to the extent applicable rules treat such distribution as being made out of our earnings and profits). As a result, U.S. stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends they receive. In the case of non-U.S. stockholders, we generally will be required to withhold tax with respect to the entire dividend, which withholding tax may exceed the amount of cash such non-U.S. stockholder would otherwise receive. 
 37 
 
 Foreclosures may impact our ability to qualify as a REIT and minimize tax liabilities. 
 When we foreclose, or consider foreclosing, on properties securing defaulted loans that we hold, we consider the impact that taking ownership of such properties has on our ability to continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT and any tax liabilities attributable thereto if we continue to qualify as a REIT. In certain cases, operation of real property will not generate qualifying rents from real property for purposes of the REIT gross income tests, e.g., income from operation of a hotel. In certain circumstances, we will be able to make an election with the IRS to treat property we take possession of in a foreclosure as foreclosure property. If, and for so long as, such property qualifies as foreclosure property, income therefrom is treated as qualifying income for purposes of both REIT gross income tests and gain from the sale of such property will not be subject to the 100 prohibited transaction tax for dealer sales, regardless of our how short our holding period in such property is when we sell such property or other dealer sales considerations. On the other hand, net income with respect to a property for which we have made a foreclosure property election that would not otherwise be qualifying income for purposes of the gross income tests will be subject to corporate income tax. In certain circumstances, the IRS might argue that a particular property did not qualify for a foreclosure property election or that its status as foreclosure property terminated while we believed it continued to qualify, possibly causing us to fail one or both gross income tests or causing any gain from sale of such property to be subject to the prohibited transaction tax. 
 Retirement Plan Risks 
 If the fiduciary of an employee benefit plan subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), fails to meet the fiduciary and other standards under ERISA, the Code or common law as a result of an investment in our stock, the fiduciary could be subject to criminal and civil penalties. 
 There are special considerations that apply to investing in our shares on behalf of a trust, pension, profit sharing or 401(k) plans, health or welfare plans, individual retirement accounts, or IRAs, or Keogh plans. If stockholders are investing the assets of any of the entities identified in the prior sentence in our common stock, they should satisfy themselves that: 
 the investment is consistent with their fiduciary obligations under applicable law, including common law, ERISA and the Code; 

the investment is made in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the trust, plan or IRA, including a plan s investment policy; 

the investment satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements of Sections 404(a)(1)(B) and 404(a)(1)(C) of ERISA and other applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code; 

the investment will not impair the liquidity of the trust, plan or IRA; 

the investment will not produce unrelated business taxable income for the plan or IRA; 

our stockholders will be able to value the assets of the plan annually in accordance with ERISA requirements and applicable provisions of the plan or IRA; and 

the investment will not constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 

Failure to satisfy the fiduciary standards of conduct and other applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code, or other applicable statutory or common law may result in the imposition of civil (and criminal, if the violation was willful) penalties, and can subject the fiduciary to equitable remedies. In addition, if an investment in our shares constitutes a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code, the fiduciary that authorized or directed the investment may be subject to the imposition of excise taxes with respect to the amount invested. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Challenging economic and financial market conditions could significantly reduce the amount of income we earn on our CRE investments and further reduce the value of our investments. 
 Challenging economic and financial market conditions may cause us to experience an increase in the number of CRE investments that result in losses, including delinquencies, non-performing assets and taking title to collateral and a decrease in the value of the property or other collateral which secures our investments, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations. We may incur substantial losses and need to establish significant provision for losses or impairment. Our revenue from investments could diminish significantly. 
 Volatility, disruption or uncertainty in the financial markets may impair our ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance existing obligations and fund real estate activities. 
 Market disruption, volatility or uncertainty could materially adversely impact our ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance our existing obligations as they mature and fund real estate activities. In addition, market disruption, volatility or uncertainty may also expose us to increased litigation and stockholder activism. These conditions could materially disrupt our business, operations and ability to pay distributions to stockholders. Market volatility could also lead to significant uncertainty in the valuation of our investments, which may result in a substantial decrease in the value of our investments. As a result, we may not be able to recover the 
 38 
 
 carrying amount of such investments and the associated goodwill, if any, which may require us to recognize impairment charges in earnings. 
 The CRE industry has been and may continue to be adversely affected by economic conditions in the United States and global financial markets generally. 
 Our business and operations are currently dependent on the CRE industry generally, which in turn is dependent upon broad economic conditions in the United States, Europe, China and elsewhere. Recently, concerns over global economic conditions, virus outbreaks, energy and commodity prices, geopolitical issues, and military conflicts (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine), inflation, deflation, Federal Reserve short-term rate decisions, foreign exchange rates, the availability and cost of credit, the Chinese economy and the relationship between the Chinese and U.S. governments have contributed to increased economic uncertainty. These factors could cause extreme volatility in security prices. Global economic and political headwinds, along with global market instability and the risk of maturing debt that may have difficulties being refinanced, may continue to cause periodic volatility in the CRE market for some time. Adverse conditions in the CRE industry could harm our business and financial condition by, among other factors, the tightening of the credit markets, decline in the value of our assets and continuing credit and liquidity concerns and otherwise negatively impacting our operations. 
 We may not be able to pay distributions in the future. 
 Our ability to generate income and to pay distributions may be adversely affected by the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any subsequent periodic reports. All distributions are made at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable law, and depend on our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our REIT qualification and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant from time-to-time. We may not be able to pay distributions in the future. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 Our principal executive office is located at 2901 Butterfield Rd., Oak Brook, Illinois 60523. As part of the Advisory Agreement, the Advisor is responsible for providing office space and office services required in rendering services to us. For an overview of our real estate investments, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Portfolio. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may become subject to litigation, claims and regulatory matters. We have no knowledge of material legal or regulatory proceedings pending or known to be contemplated against us at this time. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures. 
 Not Applicable. 
 39 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 There is currently no established public trading market for our common stock, and we do not expect a public trading market to develop without a listing of our common stock on an exchange. We do not intend to list our common stock for trading on an exchange or other trading market, and we intend to be a perpetual-life entity with no requirement to pursue a liquidity event by any date certain or at all. 
 Our Series A Preferred Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol ICR PR A. 
 Net Asset Value 
 We calculate NAV per share in accordance with the valuation guidelines that have been approved by our Board. Our NAV per share, which is updated as of the last calendar day of each month, is posted on our website at www.inland-investments.com/inpoint. Our Advisor is ultimately responsible for determining our NAV. The calculation of our NAV is reviewed by our independent valuation advisor, BDO USA, LLP. 
 Our total net asset value attributable to common stock presented in the following table includes the NAV of our Class A, Class T, Class S, Class D, and Class I common stock being sold in our offering, as well as our Class P common stock, which is not being sold in our offering. The following table provides a breakdown of the major components of our total net asset value attributable to common stock as of December 31, 2022 and shares in thousands, except per share data): 

Components of NAV 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Commercial mortgage loans (1) 

845,866 

Real estate owned 

19,000 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

29,408 

Other assets 

8,298 

Repurchase agreements - commercial mortgage loans 

(488,086) 

Credit facility payable 

(18,380) 

Loan participations sold, net 

(99,420) 

Reserve for expected future losses on real estate owned (2) 

(1,874) 

Due to related parties 

(2,197) 

Distributions payable 

(1,047) 

Interest payable 

(1,499) 

Accrued stockholder servicing fees (3) 

(160) 

Other liabilities 

(7,199) 

Preferred stock 

(86,069) 

Net asset value attributable to common stock 

196,641 

Number of outstanding common shares 

10,093 

____________ 

(1) During Q1 2023, information, pertaining to the estimated value of a loan s underlying collateral, that we believe was indicative of the value as of December 31, 2022, came to our attention. This prompted us to record a specific reserve of 3,588 on that loan for the year ended December 31, 2022 in our financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Per the NAV policy approved by our board of directors, the specific reserves recorded on loans with potential impairment, are included in our calculation of the NAV. However, this particular reserve was not included until the February 28, 2023 NAV calculation after it had come to our attention. The reserve included in the February 28, 2023 NAV was 3,628 as an additional advance was made on the loan in January 2023. This adjustment was not reflected in our December 31, 2022 NAV (presented in table above) or in our January 31, 2023 NAV calculations reported in prospectus supplement no. 3 to our base prospectus dated November 2, 2022 (supplement filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023 in Form 424B3) and our Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2023, respectively. 

(2) As of December 31, 2020, we established as a component of the NAV calculation a 2,250 reserve for the estimated negative impact of COVID-19 during 2021 on real estate owned REO ). We increased this reserve by an additional 1,000 and 1,366 as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Management assesses the balance of the reserve periodically in light of future income projections. The estimated total income for 2023 assumes that the REO would generate net losses in certain months in 2023. Net income generated by the REO is typically not added to the reserve balance unless management believes the reserve 

40 
 
 balance would not be sufficient to cover expected future losses by the REO. During December 2022, the REO generated a net loss of 288. 

(3) Stockholder servicing fees only apply to Class T, Class S, and Class D shares. For purposes of NAV, we recognize the stockholder servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis as such fee is paid. Under GAAP, we accrue the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time we sell Class T, Class S, and Class D shares. As of December 31, 2022, we have accrued under GAAP 641 of stockholder servicing fees payable to the Dealer Manager related to the Class T and Class D shares sold. As of December 31, 2022, we have not sold any Class S shares and, therefore, we have not accrued any stockholder servicing fees payable to the Dealer Manager related to Class S shares. The Dealer Manager does not retain any of these fees, all of which are retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers for ongoing stockholder services performed by such broker-dealers. 

The following table provides a breakdown of our total net asset value attributable to common stock and NAV per share by share class as of December 31, 2022 and shares in thousands, except per share data): 

Common Stock 

NAV Per Share 
 
 Class P 

Class A 

Class T 

Class S (1) 

Class D 

Class I 

Total 

Monthly NAV 

166,741 

14,511 

5,605 

935 

8,837 

196,641 

Number of outstanding shares 

8,563 

743 

286 

48 

453 

10,093 

NAV per share as of December 31, 2022 

19.4728 

19.5252 

19.5743 

19.5159 

19.5218 

19.4829 

(1) As of December 31, 2022, we had not sold any Class S shares in our offering. 

The following table reconciles stockholders equity per our consolidated balance sheet to our NAV: 

Reconciliation of Stockholders Equity to NAV 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Stockholders' equity per GAAP 

278,557 

Adjustments: 

Unamortized stockholder servicing fee and other expenses 

493 

Unamortized offering costs 

2,086 

Real estate owned non-cash adjustments 

3,418 

Loan loss reserve adjustment 

3,588 

Fair value of real estate owned adjustment 

(5,433) 

Net asset value 

282,709 

Preferred Stock Adjustments: 

Preferred stock liquidation value 

(88,717) 

Unamortized preferred stock offering costs 

2,649 

Net asset value attributable to common stock 

196,641 

Valuation Guidelines 
 Our Board, including a majority of our independent directors, has adopted valuation guidelines that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used by our Advisor, with the assistance of our Sub-Advisor, and our independent valuation advisor in connection with estimating the values of our assets and liabilities for purposes of our NAV calculation. From time to time, our Board, including a majority of our independent directors, may adopt changes to the valuation guidelines if it (1) determines that such changes are likely to result in a more accurate reflection of NAV or a more efficient or less costly procedure for the determination of NAV without having a material adverse effect on the accuracy of such determination or (2) otherwise reasonably believes a change is appropriate for the determination of NAV. In connection with carrying out its responsibility to determine our NAV, our Advisor may delegate certain tasks to our Sub-Advisor. Our Advisor, however, is ultimately responsible for the NAV determination process. 
 The calculation of our NAV is intended to be a calculation of the value of our assets less our outstanding liabilities for the purpose of establishing a purchase and repurchase price for our shares of common stock and may differ from our financial statements. NAV is not a measure used under GAAP and the valuations of and certain adjustments made to our assets and liabilities used in the determination of NAV will differ from GAAP. 
 Our Advisor calculates the fair value of our assets in accordance with our valuation guidelines. Because these fair value calculations involve significant professional judgment in the application of both observable and unobservable attributes, the calculated fair value of our assets may differ from their actual realizable value or future fair value. Furthermore, no rule or regulation requires that we calculate 
 41 
 
 NAV in a certain way. While we believe our NAV calculation methodologies are consistent with standard industry principles, there is no established practice among public REITs, whether listed or not, for calculating NAV in order to establish a purchase and repurchase price. As a result, other public REITs may use different methodologies or assumptions to determine NAV. 
 Our Independent Valuation Advisor 
 With the approval of our Board, including a majority of our independent directors, we have engaged BDO USA, LLP to serve as our independent valuation advisor. Our Advisor, with the approval of our Board, including a majority of our independent directors, may engage additional independent valuation advisors in the future as our portfolio grows. At the end of each month, the independent valuation advisor reviews the calculation of our monthly NAV. The independent valuation advisor is not responsible for our NAV, and performs its services based solely on information received from us, our Advisor and our Sub-Advisor. Our Advisor, and not the independent valuation advisor, is ultimately responsible for the determination of our NAV. 
 We have agreed to pay fees to our independent valuation advisor upon its delivery to us of its review reports. We have also agreed to indemnify our independent valuation advisor against certain liabilities arising out of this engagement. The compensation we pay to our independent valuation advisor is not based on the estimated values of our loans or our NAV. 
 Our independent valuation advisor may from time to time in the future perform other commercial real estate and financial advisory services for our Advisor or Sub-Advisor and their affiliates, so long as such other services do not adversely affect the independence of the independent valuation advisor. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 The majority of our investments consist of CRE debt intended to be held to maturity. We may also invest in real estate and other real estate-related assets and liquid non-real estate-related assets. Real estate-related assets include CRE securities, such as CMBS and CRE CLOs, and unsecured debt of publicly traded REITs. Our liquid non-real estate-related assets may include credit rated government and corporate debt securities, publicly traded equity securities and cash and cash equivalents. 
 Our Advisor seeks to determine the fair value of investments as of the last day of each month. Fair value determinations are based upon all available inputs that our Advisor deems relevant, including, but not limited to, indicative dealer quotes, values of like securities, discounted cash flow analysis, and valuations prepared by third-party valuation services. However, determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. 
 
 Mortgage Loans, Participations in Mortgage Loans and Mezzanine Loans . Our Advisor estimates the fair value of our loan portfolio in accordance with the methodologies contained in our valuation guidelines approved by our Board. In general, the loan portfolio will be valued at amortized cost, subject to impairment testing. As of December 31, 2022, we are required under GAAP to record a Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) reserve on the CRE debt portfolio that will be adjusted at least quarterly. The CECL reserve is not considered an impairment and, therefore, the value of the loans will exclude the CECL reserve amount. We believe this methodology is consistent with institutional valuation practices and provides an appropriate valuation for purposes of establishing a purchase and repurchase price for our shares of common stock as it relates to assets that are intended to be held to maturity. 

Real Estate-Related Securities and Derivatives. Our real estate-related securities investments will generally focus on non-distressed public and private real estate debt, including, but not limited to, CMBS and other forms of debt. Additionally, we may make open market purchases of common stock in public equity REITs. We may also invest in derivatives. Our principal investments in derivative instruments may include investments in interest rate swaps, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our real estate-related securities and derivative investments are recorded at fair market value in our financial statements, in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The valuation of these assets is obtained from market quotations obtained from third-party pricing service providers or broker-dealers. Pursuant to the valuation guidelines adopted by our Board, if market quotations are not readily available (or are otherwise not reliable for a particular investment), the fair value is determined in good faith by our Advisor. Due to the inherent uncertainty of these estimates, estimates of fair value may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market for these investments existed and the differences could be material. Market quotes are considered not readily available in circumstances where there is an absence of current or reliable market-based data (e.g., trade information, bid/ask information, or broker-dealer quotations). Our Board has delegated to our Advisor the responsibility for monitoring significant events that may materially affect the values of our real estate-related securities and derivative investments and for determining whether the value of the applicable investments should be reevaluated in light of such significant events. 

Valuation of Liquid Non-Real Estate-Related Assets . Our liquid non-real estate-related assets are recorded at fair market value in our financial statements, in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The valuation of these assets is based on market prices obtained from third-party pricing services or as published in nationally recognized sources such as Bloomberg. 

42 
 
 Valuation of Properties 
 Wholly Owned Properties . For real properties we own, our Advisor has developed a valuation plan with the objective of having each of our wholly owned properties valued at least annually by an appraisal, except for newly acquired properties as described below, with appraisals scheduled over the course of a year. We rely on property-level information provided by our Advisor, including but not limited to (1) historical and projected operating revenues and expenses of the property, (2) lease agreements with respect to the property and (3) information regarding recent or planned capital expenditures. Appraisals will be performed in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code of Ethics and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practices, the real estate appraisal industry standards created by The Appraisal Foundation. Each appraisal must be reviewed, approved and signed by an individual with the professional designation of MAI (Member of the Appraisal Institute). Newly acquired wholly owned properties will initially be valued at cost and thereafter will join the annual appraisal cycle during the year following the first full calendar year in which we own the property. Development assets, if any, will be valued at cost plus capital expenditures and will join the annual appraisal cycle upon stabilization. Acquisition costs and expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition of multiple wholly owned properties that are not directly related to any single wholly owned property generally will be allocated among the applicable wholly owned properties pro rata based on relative values. Properties purchased as a portfolio or held in a joint venture that acquires properties over time may be valued as a single asset. Each individual appraisal report for our assets will be addressed solely to our company to assist in providing our monthly portfolio valuation. Our valuation reports will not be addressed to the public and may not be relied upon by any other person to establish an estimated value of our common stock and will not constitute a recommendation to any person to purchase or sell any shares of our common stock. In preparing our NAV calculation, our Advisor will not solicit third-party indications of interest for our common stock in connection with possible purchases thereof or the acquisition of all or any part of our company. Real estate appraisals are reported on a free and clear basis (for example no mortgage), irrespective of any property-level financing that may be in place. The primary methodology used to value properties is the income approach, whereby value is derived by determining the present value of an asset s stream of future cash flows (for example, discounted cash flow analysis). Consistent with industry practices, the income approach incorporates subjective judgments regarding comparable rental and operating expense data, the capitalization or discount rate, and projections of future rent and expenses based on appropriate evidence. Other methodologies that may also be used to value properties include sales comparisons and replacement cost approaches. Because the appraisals involve subjective judgments, the fair value of our assets, which is included in our NAV, may not reflect the liquidation value or net realizable value of our properties. 

Properties Held Through Joint Ventures . Properties held through joint ventures will be valued in a manner that is consistent with the guidelines described above for wholly owned properties. Once the value of a property held by the joint venture is determined by an independent appraisal, the value of our interest in the joint venture is then determined by applying the distribution provisions of the applicable joint venture agreements to the value of the underlying property held by the joint venture. 

Liabilities 
 We include the fair value of our liabilities as part of our NAV calculation. Our liabilities generally include portfolio-level credit facilities, the fees payable to our Advisor and the Dealer Manager, accounts payable, accrued operating expenses, property-level mortgages, reserves for future liabilities and other liabilities. All liabilities are valued using widely accepted methodologies specific to each type of liability. Our debt is typically valued at fair value in accordance with GAAP. Our aggregate monthly NAV will be reduced to reflect the accrual of the liability to pay any declared (and unpaid) distributions for all classes of common stock. Liabilities allocable to a specific class of shares will only be included in the NAV calculation for that class. 
 NAV and NAV Per Share Calculation 
 Each class of our common stock, including Class P common stock that we are not offering to the public, have an undivided interest in our assets and liabilities, other than class-specific liabilities. Our NAV is calculated by the independent valuation advisor for each of these classes. Our Advisor is responsible for reviewing and confirming our NAV, and overseeing the process around the calculation of our NAV, in each case, as calculated by the independent valuation advisor. Because stockholder servicing fees allocable to a specific class of shares will only be included in the NAV calculation for that class, the NAV per share for our share classes may differ. 
 At the end of each month, before taking into consideration class-specific expense accruals for that month, any change in our aggregate NAV (whether an increase or decrease) is allocated among each class of shares based on each class s relative percentage of the previous aggregate NAV plus issuances of shares that were effective on the first business day of such month and issuances of shares under our DRP and less repurchases under our SRP during such month. The NAV calculation is generally available within 15 calendar days after the end of the applicable month. Changes in our monthly NAV include, without limitation, accruals of our net portfolio income, interest expense, the management fee, any accrued performance fee, distributions, unrealized/realized gains and losses on assets, provisions for 
 43 
 
 loan losses recorded on specific loans, any applicable organization and offering costs and any expense reimbursements. Changes in our monthly NAV also include material non-recurring events, such as capital expenditures and material property acquisitions and dispositions occurring during the month. On an ongoing basis, our Advisor will adjust the accruals to reflect actual operating results and the outstanding receivable, payable and other account balances resulting from the accumulation of monthly accruals for which financial information is available. 
 For the purpose of calculating our NAV, offering costs are expenses we incur as we raise proceeds in our public and private offerings. For GAAP purposes, these costs are deducted from equity when incurred. For the NAV calculation, all of the offering costs from our public and private offerings incurred through July 17, 2019 (the NAV Pricing Date were added back to equity and amortized into equity monthly over the 60 months beginning with the first full month that follows the NAV Pricing Date. Following the NAV Pricing Date, offering costs are included in the NAV calculation as and when incurred. 
 Following the aggregation of the NAV of our investments, the addition of any other assets (such as cash on hand) and the deduction of any other liabilities, the independent valuation advisor will incorporate any class-specific adjustments to our NAV, including additional issuances and repurchases of our common stock and accruals of class-specific stockholder servicing fees. For each applicable class of shares, the stockholder servicing fees will be calculated as a percentage of the aggregate NAV for such class of shares. NAV per share for each class is calculated by dividing such class s NAV at the end of each month by the number of shares outstanding for that class at the end of such month. 
 The combination of the Class A NAV, Class T NAV, Class S NAV, Class D NAV, Class I NAV and Class P NAV equals the value of our assets less our liabilities, which include certain class-specific liabilities. Our Advisor calculates the value of our investments as directed by our valuation guidelines based upon values received from various sources, including independent valuation services. Our Advisor, with assistance from our Sub-Advisor, is responsible for information received from third parties that is used in calculating our NAV. 
 Limits on the Calculation of Our Per Share NAV 
 The overarching principle of our valuation guidelines is to produce reasonable estimated values for each of our investments (and other assets and liabilities). However, the majority of our assets will consist of real estate loans and, as with any real estate valuation protocol and as described above, the valuation of our loans (and other assets and liabilities) will be based on a number of judgments, assumptions and opinions about future events that may or may not prove to be correct. The use of different judgments, assumptions or opinions would likely result in a different estimate of the value of our real estate loans (and other assets and liabilities). Any resulting potential disparity in our NAV per share may be in favor of stockholders whose shares are repurchased, existing stockholders or new purchasers of our common stock, as the case may be, depending on the circumstances at the time (for cases in which our transaction price is based on NAV). 
 Additionally, while the methodologies contained in our valuation guidelines are designed to operate reliably within a wide variety of circumstances, it is possible that in certain unanticipated situations or after the occurrence of certain extraordinary events (such as a significant disruption in relevant markets, a terrorist attack or an act of nature), our ability to calculate NAV may be impaired or delayed, including, without limitation, circumstances where there is a delay in accessing or receiving information from vendors or other reporting agents upon which we may rely upon in determining the monthly value of our NAV. In these circumstances, a more accurate valuation of our NAV could be obtained by using different assumptions or methodologies. Accordingly, in special situations when, in our Advisor s reasonable judgment, the administration of the valuation guidelines would result in a valuation that does not represent a fair and accurate estimate of the value of our investment, alternative methodologies may be applied, provided that our Advisor must notify our Board at the next scheduled board meeting of any alternative methodologies utilized and their impact on the overall valuation of our investment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Board may suspend the IPO and/or our SRP if it determines that the calculation of NAV is materially incorrect or unreliable or there is a condition that restricts the valuation of a material portion of our assets. We include no discounts to our NAV for the illiquid nature of our shares, including the limitations under our SRP and our ability to suspend or terminate our SRP at any time. Our NAV generally does not consider exit costs that would likely be incurred if our assets and liabilities were liquidated or sold. While we may use market pricing concepts to value individual components of our NAV, our per share NAV is not derived from the market pricing information of open-end real estate funds listed on stock exchanges. Our NAV does not represent the fair value of our assets less liabilities under GAAP. 
 Stockholders 
 As of March 29, 2023, there were 2,433 holders of Class P, 260 holders of Class A, 136 holders of Class T, 11 holders of Class D, 156 holders of Class I and no holders of Class S common stock. 
 44 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a DRP, effective May 3, 2019, whereby holders of Class A, Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I shares will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock unless they elect to receive their distributions in cash or if the stockholder s state or participating dealer does not allow automatic enrollment. Investors that are not automatically enrolled in our DRP will automatically receive their distributions in cash unless they elect to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. Any cash distributions attributable to the class or classes of shares owned by participants in the DRP will be immediately reinvested in our shares on behalf of the participants on the business day such distribution would have been paid to such stockholder. 
 The per share purchase price for shares purchased pursuant to the DRP will be equal to the most recently published transaction price at the time the distribution is payable. Stockholders will not pay upfront selling commissions when purchasing shares pursuant to the DRP. The stockholder servicing fees with respect to shares of our Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on our NAV for those shares and may reduce the NAV or, alternatively, the distributions payable with respect to shares of each such class, including shares issued in respect of distributions on such shares under the DRP. Shares acquired under the DRP will entitle the participant to the same rights and be treated in the same manner as shares of that class purchased in our offerings. 
 On March 24, 2020, our Board suspended, among other things, the operation of the DRP, effective as of April 6, 2020. In determining to suspend the DRP, our Board considered various factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, the inability to accurately calculate our NAV per share due to uncertainty, volatility and lack of liquidity in the market, our need for liquidity due to financing challenges related to additional collateral required by the banks that regularly finance our assets and these uncertain and rapidly changing economic conditions. On October 1, 2020, the SEC declared effective our post-effective amendment to our registration statement on Form S-11 thereby permitting us to resume offers and sales of shares of common stock in our IPO, including through the DRP. On January 30, 2023, our Board suspended, among other things, the operation of the DRP, effective as of February 10, 2023. 
 Participants may terminate their participation in the DRP with five business days prior written notice to us. 
 Equity Compensation Plan 
 Our restricted share plan offers our independent directors an opportunity to participate in our growth through awards in the form of, or based on, our common stock. The restricted share plan authorizes the granting of restricted stock, restricted or deferred stock units, dividend equivalents, and cash-based awards to independent directors for participation in the plan. 
 Under the independent director restricted share plan and subject to such plan s conditions and restrictions, each of our independent directors will automatically receive 10,000 in restricted Class I shares on the date of each annual stockholders meeting or, if no annual meeting, in December of each year. Such restricted shares will generally vest over a three-year period following the grant date in increments of 33 1 3 per annum; provided, however, that restricted stock will become fully vested on the earlier occurrence of: (i) the termination of the independent director s service as a director due to his or her death or disability; or (ii) a liquidity event. These restricted shares are issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 With each stock grant, we award each of our independent directors an equal number of shares. The table below summarizes total stock grants we made at each grant date as of December 31, 2022 in thousands except for per share data). 

Grant Date 
 
 Class of common stock granted 
 
 Total number of shares granted 

Grant Date Fair Value Per Share 

Total Fair Value of Grant 

Proportion of total shares that vest annually 

Vesting Date Year 1 
 
 Vesting Date Year 2 
 
 Vesting Date Year 3 

March 1, 2018 
 
 Class P 

1,200 

25.00 

30 

1/3 

3/1/2019 
 
 3/1/2020 
 
 3/1/2021 

January 7, 2019 
 
 Class P 

1,200 

25.00 

30 

1/3 

1/7/2020 
 
 1/7/2021 
 
 1/7/2022 

December 2, 2019 
 
 Class I 

1,197 

25.07 

30 

1/3 

12/2/2020 
 
 12/2/2021 
 
 12/2/2022 

December 1, 2020 
 
 Class I 

1,393 

21.54 

30 

1/3 

12/1/2021 
 
 12/1/2022 
 
 12/1/2023 

October 14, 2021 
 
 Class I 

1,477 

20.31 

30 

1/3 

10/14/2022 
 
 10/14/2023 
 
 10/14/2024 

October 3, 2022 
 
 Class I 

1,534 

19.55 

30 

1/3 

10/3/2023 
 
 10/3/2024 
 
 10/3/2025 

As of December 31, 2022, we have granted 8,001 restricted shares of which 5,018 have vested and none were forfeited. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, compensation expense associated with the restricted shares issued to the independent directors was 31,667, 34,167 and 30,833, respectively. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 For information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan, see Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 45 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 We have not sold any securities that were not registered under the Securities Act during the period covered by this report. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On May 3, 2019, our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-230465), covering the IPO of up to 2.35 billion in shares of Class A, Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I common stock, was declared effective under the Securities Act. On April 28, 2022, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-264540) (the 2022 Registration Statement with the SEC to register up to 2.2 billion in shares of common stock, which was declared effective by the SEC on November 2, 2022 (the Second Public Offering ). Inland Securities Corporation serves as our dealer manager for the Public Offerings. On January 30, 2023, the Board unanimously approved the suspension of the sale of shares in the primary portion of the public offering (the Primary Offering ), effective immediately, and the suspension of the sale of shares pursuant to the DRP, effective as of February 10, 2023. 
 The offering price for each class of our common stock is determined monthly and is made available on our website and in prospectus supplement filings. As of December 31, 2022, we received net offering proceeds of 42.4 million from the Public Offerings. We primarily used the net offering proceeds from the Public Offerings to originate CRE loans and purchase real estate securities on a levered basis, subject to our investment guidelines and to the extent consistent with maintaining our REIT qualification, and other general corporate purposes. The following table summarizes certain information about the Public Offerings' proceeds in thousands except for per share data): 

Class A Shares 

Class T Shares 

Class S Shares 

Class D Shares 

Class I Shares 

Total 

Primary shares sold 

792,012 

460,878 

53,689 

474,290 

1,780,869 

Gross proceeds from primary offering 

19,665 

11,238 

1,237 

10,757 

42,897 

Reinvestments of distributions 

595 

294 

91 

611 

1,591 

Total gross proceeds 

20,260 

11,532 

1,328 

11,368 

44,488 

Selling commissions and dealer manager fees 

1,141 

311 

1,452 

Stockholder servicing fees 

543 

98 

641 

Total expenses 

1,141 

854 

98 

2,093 

Net offering proceeds(1) 

19,119 

10,678 

1,230 

11,368 

42,395 

(1) Excludes company-level offering costs of 6,842. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed our Preferred Stock Offering and received net offering proceeds of approximately 86.3 million. We primarily used the net offering proceeds from the Preferred Stock Offering to originate CRE loans on a levered basis, subject to our investment guidelines and to the extent consistent with maintaining our REIT qualification, and other general corporate purposes. The following table summarizes certain information about the proceeds from our Preferred Stock Offering in thousands except share data): 

Series A Shares 

Primary shares sold 

3,600,000 

Gross proceeds from primary offering 

90,000 

Underwriting discounts and commissions 

2,835 

Other expenses 

855 

Total expenses 

3,690 

Net offering proceeds 

86,310 

Share Repurchase Plan 
 We have adopted a SRP, effective May 3, 2019, whereby on a monthly basis, stockholders who have held our shares of common stock for at least one year may request that we repurchase all or any portion of their shares. Due to the illiquid nature of investments in real estate, we may not have sufficient liquid resources to fund repurchase requests. Because there is no public market for our shares, stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares if we choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased in any particular month, in our discretion, or if our Board modifies, suspends or terminates the SRP. 
 In addition, we have established limitations on the amount of funds we may use for repurchases during any calendar month and quarter. We may repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month to be repurchased under our SRP, or none at all, in 
 46 
 
 our discretion at any time. In addition, the total amount of aggregate repurchases of shares will be limited to no more than 2 of our aggregate NAV per month and no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter. 
 In the event that we determine to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares submitted for repurchase during such month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis in the following order of priority: (i) first, shares repurchased in connection with a death or disability, until all such shares have been repurchased; (ii) next, shares being repurchased from stockholder accounts with a small aggregate value of less than 500, until all such shares have been repurchased; and (iii) finally, all other shares submitted for repurchase. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the SRP, as applicable. 
 If the transaction price for the applicable month is not made available by the eighth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed after such date), then no repurchase requests will be accepted for such month and stockholders who wish to have their shares repurchased the following month must resubmit their repurchase requests. 
 Should repurchase requests, in our judgment, place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on us as a whole, or should we otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in real properties or other illiquid investments rather than repurchasing our shares is in the best interests of us as a whole, we may choose to repurchase fewer shares in any particular month than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, our Board may modify, suspend or terminate our SRP if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. 
 On March 24, 2020, our Board suspended our SRP. In determining to suspend the SRP, our Board considered various factors, including the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the inability to accurately calculate our NAV per share due to uncertainty, volatility and lack of liquidity in the market, our need for liquidity due to financing challenges related to additional collateral required by the banks that regularly finance our assets and uncertain and rapidly changing economic conditions. As a result of these factors, we did not calculate our NAV for the months of March through May 2020. We resumed calculation of our NAV beginning as of June 30, 2020 following the Advisor s determination that volatility in the market for our investments had declined and the U.S. economic outlook had improved. 
 On March 1, 2021, our SRP was reinstated for our stockholders requesting repurchase of shares as a result of the death or qualified disability of the holder. Permitted repurchase requests must be submitted on or after March 1, 2021. 
 On July 1, 2021, our SRP was reinstated for all stockholders. In accordance with the terms of the SRP that allow us to repurchase fewer shares than the maximum amount permitted under the SRP, we repurchased fewer shares than the maximum amount permitted for the months of July, August and September 2021 as directed by the Board. Beginning on October 1, 2021, the total amount of aggregate repurchases of shares is limited as set forth in the SRP (no more than 2 of our aggregate NAV per month as of the last day of the previous calendar month and no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter). Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may repurchase fewer shares than these limits in any month, or none. Further, our Board may modify, suspend or terminate our SRP if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. In light of the pace of fundraising in the Second Public Offering and the amount of monthly redemption requests pursuant to the SRP, which are currently in excess of such fundraising, on January 30, 2023, our Board unanimously approved, effective immediately, the suspension of the operation of the SRP. 
 47 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, upon reinstatement of the SRP, we repurchased shares of our common stock in the following amounts, which represented all of the share repurchase requests received for the same period: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Repurchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 

January 1 January 31, 2022 

142,034 

20.17 

142,034 

February 1 February 28, 2022 

63,716 

20.09 

63,716 

March 1 March 31, 2022 

56,661 

19.87 

56,661 

April 1 April 30, 2022 

59,723 

19.82 

59,723 

May 1 May 31, 2022 

104,531 

19.75 

104,531 

June 1 June 30, 2022 

53,256 

19.69 

53,256 

July 1 July 31, 2022 

14,537 

19.63 

14,537 

August 1 August 31, 2022 

102,563 

19.56 

102,563 

September 1 September 30, 2022 

93,674 

19.52 

93,674 

October 1 October 31, 2022 

223,742 

19.54 

223,742 

November 1 November 30, 2022 

108,472 

19.51 

108,472 

December 1 December 31, 2022 

112,336 

19.51 

112,336 

Total and average 

1,135,245 

19.70 

1,135,245 

____________ 

(1) Repurchases are limited as described above. 

Repurchases of Series A Preferred Stock 
 Subject to certain exceptions, we may not redeem our Series A Preferred Stock until on or after September 22, 2026. Preferred stockholders may only convert their Series A Preferred Shares into Class I common stock if there is a Change of Control and we do not redeem the shares within 120 days of the Change of Control event. For the period from September 22, 2021 through December 31, 2021, there were no repurchases of our Series A Preferred Stock or conversions of our Series A Preferred Stock to common stock. 
 On August 11, 2022, the Board authorized and approved a share repurchase program (the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program pursuant to which the Company may repurchase up to the lesser of 1,000,000 shares or 15 million of the outstanding shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock through December 31, 2022. On November 10, 2022, the Board approved to extend the Series Preferred Repurchase Program through December 31, 2023. Under the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program, repurchases of shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock may be made at management s discretion from time to time through open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions, block purchases or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The Company cannot predict when or it if will repurchase any shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Repurchase Program may be suspended, extended or terminated by the Company at any time without prior notice. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired 51,304 shares of Series A Preferred Stock resulting in a gain of 0.3 million from these repurchases. As of December 31,2022, the Company had authority to purchase 948,696 additional shares of 14.1 million of Series A Preferred Stock under the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program. On January 30, 2023, our Board unanimously approved the termination of the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program. 
 Item 6. Re served. 
 48 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Words such as may, could, should, expect, intend, plan, goal, seek, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, variables, potential, continue, expand, maintain, create, strategies, likely, will, would and variations of these terms and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but reflect the intent, belief or current expectations of our management based on their knowledge and understanding of the business and industry, the economy and other future conditions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and we caution stockholders not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to the factors described above in Part I, Item IA in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, some of which are briefly summarized below: 
 Market disruptions caused by the economic effects of, or uncertainties surrounding the future effects of, the COVID-19 pandemic have adversely impacted aspects of our operating results and operating condition, particularly the operating results of the Renaissance O Hare, and may continue to do so if there is another pandemic; 

We have paid past distributions from sources other than cash flows from operating activities, including from offering proceeds, which reduces the amount of cash we ultimately have to invest in assets, and some of our distributions have not been covered by net income; if we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fully fund distributions, some or all of our distributions may again be paid from these other sources, and if our net income does not cover our distributions, those distributions will dilute our stockholders equity; 

There is no current public trading market for our common stock, and we do not expect that such a market will ever develop. Therefore, repurchase of shares by us will likely be the only way for stockholders to dispose of their shares, and our SRP currently suspended; 

Even if our stockholders are able to sell their shares pursuant to our SRP in the future, or otherwise, they may not be able to recover the amount of their investment in our shares; 

Under our charter, we may borrow to 300 of our net assets, equivalent to 75 of the costs of our assets and may exceed this limitation with the approval of a majority of our independent directors; 

Our Advisor and Sub-Advisor may face conflicts of interest in allocating personnel and resources between their affiliates; 

None of our agreements with our Advisor, our Sub-Advisor or any affiliates of our Advisor or Sub-Advisor were negotiated at arm s-length; and 

If we fail to continue to qualify as a REIT, our operations and distributions to stockholders will be adversely affected. 

Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect our management s view only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and may ultimately prove to be incorrect or false. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results except as required by applicable law. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions created by Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All dollar amounts are stated in thousands unless otherwise noted, except share data. 
 Overview 
 We are a Maryland corporation formed on September 13, 2016 to originate, acquire and manage an investment portfolio of CRE investments primarily comprised of (i) CRE debt, including (a) primarily floating-rate first mortgage loans, and (b) subordinate mortgage and mezzanine loans, and participations in such loans and (ii) floating-rate CRE securities such as CMBS and senior unsecured debt of publicly traded REITs. We may also invest in select equity investments in single-tenant, net leased properties. Substantially all of our business is conducted through our Operating Partnership, of which we are the sole general partner. We are externally managed by our Advisor, an indirect subsidiary of IREIC. Our Advisor has engaged the Sub-Advisor, a subsidiary of Sound Point CRE Management, LP, to perform certain services on behalf of the Advisor for us. 
 49 
 
 We have operated in a manner that allows us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2017. Among other requirements, REITs are required to distribute to stockholders at least 90 of their annual REIT taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gain). 
 For a discussion of the history of the Company and its Private Offering, IPO, Second Public Offering and Preferred Stock Offering, please see Part IV, Item 15, Note 1 Organization and Business Operations in the notes to our consolidated financial statements below. 
 Recent Developments 
 Until recently, interest rates have remained at relatively low levels. However, in response to inflationary pressures, earlier in 2022 the Federal Reserve has begun raising its federal funds rate target range and indicated that, due to the persistent high rate of inflation, it anticipates further increases in interest rates into 2023. Additionally, driven by the shift in Federal Reserve interest rate policy, the general level of interest rates in the market has increased. While such increases in interest rates have resulted in increases in the variable rates we charge on our investments and, hence an increase in our interest income, the interest rates we pay on our repurchase agreements and our interest expense has also increased. We cannot guarantee that the increase in our interest income will not be fully offset by the corresponding increase in our interest expense. Higher interest rates may also slow the pace of loan repayments and increase the number of our borrowers who seek extension of terms on their loans. The potential ultimate impact of higher market interest rates on the economy, real estate fundamentals in general and our business is uncertain and difficult to predict. 
 2022 Highlights 
 Operating Results: 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders was 4.4 million, or 0.42 per share during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We declared gross distributions of 1.25 per common share during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we paid an annual gross distribution rate of 1.25 per common share, which represents an annualized rate of 6.4 on our aggregate NAV of 19.4829 as of December 31, 2022. Holders of Class D and Class T shares of common stock received less than the gross distribution amount after the deduction of stockholder servicing fees applicable to those classes. 

Loan Portfolio: 
 We originated 12 floating rate loans totaling 305.4 million with initial funding of 275.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We had 25.3 million in advances on loans and loan repayments of 120.2 million resulting in a 27.1 increase in our loan portfolio to 845.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

All 43 of our loans were current on their contractual interest payments with no interest deferrals during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a loan loss reserve of 3.6 million on a specific loan as a result of information that came to our attention during the 1 st quarter of 2023 pertaining to the estimated value of the loan's underlying collateral. 

Capital Markets and Financing Activity: 
 We had net drawings of 181.0 million on our repurchase agreements during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During 2022, we repurchased 22.4 million in shares of our common stock and issued 4.5 million under our Public Offerings. 

Portfolio 
 The charts below summarize our debt investments portfolio as a percentage of par value by type of rate, our total investment portfolio by investment type, and our loan portfolio by collateral type and geographical region as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 50 
 
 Floating Vs. Fixed Rate Debt Investments: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

All Investments by Type: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

51 
 
 Loans by Property Type: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Loans by Region: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

52 

An investment s region is defined according to the below map based on the location of underlying property. 

Commercial Mortgage Loans Held for Investment 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Principal balance of first mortgage loans 
 
 831,007 

650,670 

Number of first mortgage loans 
 
 41 

36 

Principal balance of credit loans 
 
 13,500 

13,500 

Number of credit loans 
 
 2 

2 

Total balance of loans 
 
 844,507 

664,170 

Total number of loans 
 
 43 

38 

All-in yield (1) 
 
 7.8 

4.6 

Weighted average years to maximum maturity 
 
 3.3 

3.6 

____________ 

(1) All-in yield is the present value of all future principal and interest payments on the loan and does not include any origination fees or deferred commitment fees. 

The increase in the size of our portfolio is primarily due to loan originations during the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in the all-in yield was primarily driven by increases in the LIBOR and SOFR rates. 
 53 
 
 The tables below present select loan information for each of our commercial mortgage loans as of: 
 December 31, 2022 

Origination Date 
 
 Loan Type (1) 
 
 Principal Balance (2) 

Cash Coupon (2)(3) 
 
 All-in Yield (2)(3) 

Maximum Maturity (5) 
 
 State 
 
 Property Type 
 
 LTV (6) 

Risk Rating (7) 

1 
 
 12/12/17 
 
 First mortgage 

14,650 

L+4.70 

9.3 

1/9/23 
 
 HI 
 
 Office 

67.0 

3 

2 
 
 12/13/17 
 
 First mortgage 

16,915 

L+4.50 

9.1 

7/9/23 
 
 VA 
 
 Office 

54.8 

5 

3 
 
 9/7/18 
 
 First mortgage 

24,411 

L+3.75 

8.4 

9/9/23 
 
 TX 
 
 Office 

73.0 

2 

4 
 
 12/20/18 
 
 First mortgage 

16,150 

L+4.20 

8.8 

7/9/25 
 
 AL 
 
 Hospitality 

63.6 

2 

5 
 
 5/31/19 
 
 First mortgage 

13,548 

L+3.25 

7.9 

6/9/24 
 
 CA 
 
 Multifamily 

69.9 

3 

6 
 
 6/18/19 
 
 First mortgage 

47,747 

L+2.75 

7.4 

7/9/24 
 
 TX 
 
 Office 

72.2 

4 

7 
 
 6/18/19 
 
 First mortgage 

6,631 

L+3.60 

8.2 

7/9/24 
 
 CA 
 
 Mixed Use 

54.0 

2 

8 
 
 8/15/19 
 
 First mortgage 

6,712 

L+4.20 

8.6 

9/9/24 
 
 TN 
 
 Office 

44.6 

3 

9 
 
 9/27/19 
 
 First mortgage 

15,786 

L+3.10 

7.5 

10/9/24 
 
 CA 
 
 Office 

74.5 

3 

10 
 
 10/4/19 
 
 First mortgage 

22,616 

L+2.90 

7.3 

10/9/24 
 
 NC 
 
 Office 

60.9 

3 

11 
 
 2/6/20 
 
 First mortgage 

25,506 

L+3.30 

7.7 

2/9/25 
 
 NJ 
 
 Office 

69.1 

2 

12 
 
 2/20/20 
 
 First mortgage 

11,016 

L+3.85 

8.2 

3/9/25 
 
 CA 
 
 Retail 

57.1 

2 

13 
 
 2/28/20 
 
 First mortgage 

9,704 

L+3.50 

7.9 

3/9/25 
 
 FL 
 
 Retail 

77.7 

2 

14 
 
 3/5/21 
 
 First mortgage 

13,647 

L+5.00 

9.4 

3/9/26 
 
 VA 
 
 Office 

56.8 

3 

15 
 
 3/12/21 
 
 First mortgage 

20,135 

L+4.00 

8.4 

3/9/26 
 
 MS 
 
 Industrial 

63.5 

2 

16 
 
 4/6/21 
 
 First mortgage 

14,063 

L+3.50 

7.9 

4/9/26 
 
 AL 
 
 Multifamily 

69.5 

2 

17 
 
 4/6/21 
 
 First mortgage 

11,544 

L+3.50 

7.9 

4/9/26 
 
 AL 
 
 Multifamily 

78.2 

2 

18 
 
 4/15/21 
 
 First mortgage 

9,090 

L+4.00 

8.4 

5/9/26 
 
 NJ 
 
 Industrial 

69.4 

2 

19 
 
 5/12/21 
 
 First mortgage 

28,119 

L+3.15 

7.5 

5/9/26 
 
 CT 
 
 Multifamily 

77.1 

2 

20 
 
 5/25/21 
 
 First mortgage 

11,200 

L+3.20 

7.6 

6/9/26 
 
 TN 
 
 Multifamily 

80.0 

2 

21 
 
 5/26/21 
 
 First mortgage 

15,689 

L+3.10 

7.5 

6/9/26 
 
 NV 
 
 Multifamily 

79.6 

2 

22 
 
 7/1/21 
 
 First mortgage 

6,430 

L+4.50 

8.9 

7/9/26 
 
 OH 
 
 Mixed Use 

78.9 

2 

23 
 
 10/8/21 
 
 First mortgage 

29,550 

L+3.20 

7.6 

10/9/26 
 
 OR 
 
 Multifamily 

72.2 

3 

24 
 
 10/15/21 
 
 First mortgage 

22,655 

L+2.95 

7.3 

11/9/26 
 
 VA 
 
 Multifamily 

76.7 

2 

25 
 
 11/12/21 
 
 First mortgage 

25,238 

L+2.90 

7.3 

11/9/26 
 
 TX 
 
 Multifamily 

73.2 

2 

26 
 
 11/16/21 
 
 First mortgage 

23,823 

L+3.05 

7.4 

12/9/26 
 
 TX 
 
 Multifamily 

73.7 

2 

27 
 
 11/17/21 
 
 First mortgage 

23,409 

L+2.85 

7.2 

12/9/26 
 
 SC 
 
 Multifamily 

71.5 

2 

28 
 
 12/9/21 
 
 First mortgage 

39,401 

L+3.05 

7.4 

12/9/26 
 
 GA 
 
 Multifamily 

71.7 

2 

29 
 
 12/15/21 
 
 First mortgage 

25,367 

L+3.20 

7.6 

1/9/27 
 
 OR 
 
 Multifamily 

70.2 

2 

30 
 
 1/14/22 
 
 First mortgage 

37,365 

SOFR+3.40 

7.8 

1/9/27 
 
 MO 
 
 Multifamily 

80.0 

2 

31 
 
 1/20/22 
 
 First mortgage 

16,153 

SOFR+3.65 

8.0 

2/9/27 
 
 NC 
 
 Retail 

62.6 

2 

32 
 
 1/26/22 
 
 First mortgage 

14,473 

SOFR+3.55 

7.9 

2/9/27 
 
 NJ 
 
 Industrial 

63.1 

3 

33 
 
 1/28/22 
 
 First mortgage 

13,937 

SOFR+3.30 

7.7 

2/9/27 
 
 NC 
 
 Multifamily 

69.9 

2 

34 
 
 2/25/22 
 
 First mortgage 

30,000 

SOFR+3.04 

7.4 

3/9/27 
 
 NY 
 
 Mixed Use 

66.7 

2 

35 
 
 3/1/22 
 
 First mortgage 

26,591 

SOFR+3.40 

7.8 

3/9/27 
 
 TX 
 
 Multifamily 

77.7 

2 

36 
 
 3/25/22 
 
 First mortgage 

16,668 

SOFR+3.30 

7.7 

4/9/27 
 
 FL 
 
 Industrial 

69.7 

2 

37 
 
 4/7/22 
 
 First mortgage 

13,073 

SOFR+3.25 

7.6 

4/9/27 
 
 SC 
 
 Multifamily 

69.0 

2 

38 
 
 4/19/22 
 
 First mortgage 

18,406 

SOFR+3.40 

7.8 

5/9/26 
 
 TX 
 
 Multifamily 

76.3 

2 

39 
 
 6/13/22 
 
 First mortgage 

44,589 

SOFR+3.45 

7.8 

6/9/27 
 
 TX 
 
 Multifamily 

73.1 

2 

40 
 
 9/1/22 
 
 First mortgage 

27,000 

SOFR+3.90 

8.3 

9/9/27 
 
 NC 
 
 Multifamily 

63.4 

2 

41 
 
 11/17/22 
 
 First mortgage 

22,000 

SOFR+3.90 

8.3 

12/9/27 
 
 AL 
 
 Multifamily 

69.6 

2 

42 
 
 9/29/17 
 
 Credit 

7,500 

9.20 

9.2 

10/11/27 
 
 NJ 
 
 Office 

79.9 

2 

43 
 
 10/4/19 
 
 Credit 

6,000 

10.00 

10.0 

10/6/24 
 
 NV 
 
 Office 

75.2 

2 

844,507 

7.8 

70.6 

____________ 

54 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Origination Date 
 
 Loan Type (1) 
 
 Principal Balance (2) 

Cash Coupon (2)(4) 
 
 All-in Yield (2)(4) 

Maximum Maturity (5) 
 
 State 
 
 Property Type 
 
 LTV (6) 
 
 Risk Rating (7) 

1 
 
 12/12/17 
 
 First mortgage 

14,650 

L+4.70 

5.9 

1/9/23 
 
 HI 
 
 Office 
 
 67 

2 

2 
 
 12/13/17 
 
 First mortgage 

16,860 

L+4.50 

4.7 

7/9/23 
 
 VA 
 
 Office 
 
 55 

3 

3 
 
 9/7/18 
 
 First mortgage 

24,411 

L+3.75 

5.6 

9/9/23 
 
 TX 
 
 Office 
 
 73 

2 

4 
 
 11/16/18 
 
 First mortgage 

5,200 

L+3.90 

5.9 

12/9/23 
 
 CA 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 64 

2 

5 
 
 12/20/18 
 
 First mortgage 

16,150 

L+4.20 

6.2 

6/9/25 
 
 AL 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 64 

3 

6 
 
 1/25/19 
 
 First mortgage 

11,659 

L+3.45 

5.4 

2/9/24 
 
 IL 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 78 

2 

7 
 
 5/29/19 
 
 First mortgage 

24,000 

L+3.25 

5.7 

6/9/24 
 
 TX 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 68 

2 

8 
 
 5/31/19 
 
 First mortgage 

13,409 

L+3.25 

5.6 

6/9/24 
 
 CA 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 70 

3 

9 
 
 6/18/19 
 
 First mortgage 

47,746 

L+2.75 

4.7 

7/9/24 
 
 TX 
 
 Office 
 
 72 

2 

10 
 
 6/18/19 
 
 First mortgage 

6,631 

L+3.60 

5.7 

7/9/24 
 
 CA 
 
 Mixed Use 
 
 54 

2 

11 
 
 8/15/19 
 
 First mortgage 

8,258 

L+4.20 

6.6 

9/9/24 
 
 TN 
 
 Office 
 
 45 

3 

12 
 
 9/27/19 
 
 First mortgage 

15,563 

L+3.10 

4.6 

10/9/24 
 
 CA 
 
 Office 
 
 75 

2 

13 
 
 10/4/19 
 
 First mortgage 

20,958 

L+2.90 

4.6 

10/9/24 
 
 NC 
 
 Office 
 
 61 

3 

14 
 
 10/30/19 
 
 First mortgage 

13,907 

L+3.00 

4.9 

11/9/24 
 
 CA 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 80 

2 

15 
 
 11/22/19 
 
 First mortgage 

34,007 

L+3.00 

4.9 

12/9/24 
 
 AZ 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 80 

2 

16 
 
 2/6/20 
 
 First mortgage 

21,189 

L+3.30 

4.9 

2/9/25 
 
 NJ 
 
 Office 
 
 69 

2 

17 
 
 2/20/20 
 
 First mortgage 

10,320 

L+3.85 

5.4 

3/9/25 
 
 CA 
 
 Retail 
 
 57 

2 

18 
 
 2/28/20 
 
 First mortgage 

9,400 

L+3.50 

5.0 

3/9/25 
 
 FL 
 
 Retail 
 
 78 

2 

19 
 
 10/13/20 
 
 First mortgage 

7,210 

L+4.00 

4.9 

10/9/25 
 
 CA 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 70 

2 

20 
 
 3/5/21 
 
 First mortgage 

13,000 

L+5.00 

5.5 

3/9/26 
 
 VA 
 
 Office 
 
 57 

2 

21 
 
 3/12/21 
 
 First mortgage 

19,903 

L+4.00 

4.2 

3/9/26 
 
 MS 
 
 Industrial 
 
 64 

2 

22 
 
 4/6/21 
 
 First mortgage 

12,090 

L+3.50 

3.7 

4/9/26 
 
 AL 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 69 

2 

23 
 
 4/6/21 
 
 First mortgage 

9,412 

L+3.50 

3.7 

4/9/26 
 
 AL 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 78 

2 

24 
 
 4/15/21 
 
 First mortgage 

9,090 

L+4.00 

4.2 

5/9/26 
 
 NJ 
 
 Industrial 
 
 69 

2 

25 
 
 5/12/21 
 
 First mortgage 

27,579 

L+3.15 

3.3 

5/9/26 
 
 CT 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 77 

2 

26 
 
 5/25/21 
 
 First mortgage 

11,200 

L+3.20 

3.4 

6/9/26 
 
 TN 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 80 

2 

27 
 
 5/26/21 
 
 First mortgage 

15,138 

L+3.10 

3.3 

6/9/26 
 
 NV 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 80 

2 

28 
 
 6/8/21 
 
 First mortgage 

20,500 

L+8.00 

8.2 

12/9/23 
 
 TX 
 
 Mixed Use 
 
 45 

2 

29 
 
 7/1/21 
 
 First mortgage 

6,430 

L+4.50 

5.0 

7/9/26 
 
 OH 
 
 Mixed Use 
 
 79 

2 

30 
 
 10/8/21 
 
 First mortgage 

29,350 

L+3.20 

3.3 

10/9/26 
 
 OR 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 72 

2 

31 
 
 10/15/21 
 
 First mortgage 

22,280 

L+2.95 

3.1 

11/9/26 
 
 VA 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 77 

2 

32 
 
 11/12/21 
 
 First mortgage 

24,810 

L+2.90 

3.1 

11/9/26 
 
 TX 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 73 

2 

33 
 
 11/16/21 
 
 First mortgage 

21,150 

L+3.05 

3.2 

12/9/26 
 
 TX 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 74 

2 

34 
 
 11/17/21 
 
 First mortgage 

22,650 

L+2.85 

3.0 

12/9/26 
 
 SC 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 71 

2 

35 
 
 12/9/21 
 
 First mortgage 

39,350 

L+3.05 

3.2 

12/9/26 
 
 GA 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 72 

2 

36 
 
 12/15/21 
 
 First mortgage 

25,210 

L+3.20 

3.3 

1/9/27 
 
 OR 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 70 

2 

37 
 
 9/29/17 
 
 Credit 

7,500 

9.20 

9.2 

10/11/27 
 
 NJ 
 
 Office 
 
 80 

2 

38 
 
 10/4/19 
 
 Credit 

6,000 

10.00 

10.0 

10/6/24 
 
 NV 
 
 Office 
 
 75 

2 

664,170 

4.6 

70 

____________ 

(1) First mortgage loans are first position mortgage loans and credit loans are mezzanine and subordinated loans. 

(2) As of December 31, 2022, an 80 undivided senior interest in each of loan numbers 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10 and 11, which includes the right to receive priority interest payments at a rate of L+2.00 , was sold by our Operating Partnership pursuant to a Loan Participation Agreement dated November 15, 2021. Our Operating Partnership has retained a 20 undivided subordinate interest in each of these loans. 

(3) As of December 31, 2021, an 80 undivided senior interest in each of loan numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 8, 10, 13, 14, and 16, which includes the right to receive priority interest payments at a rate of L+2.00 , was sold by our Operating Partnership pursuant to a Loan Participation Agreement dated November 15, 2021. Our Operating Partnership has retained a 20 undivided subordinate interest in each of these loans. 

(4) Cash coupon is the stated rate on the loan. All-in yield is the present value of all future principal and interest payments on the loan and does not include any origination fees or deferred commitment fees. The total is the weighted average rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our first mortgage loans are all floating rate and each contains a minimum LIBOR or SOFR floor. The weighted average LIBOR floor was 0.83 and 0.99 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average SOFR floor was 0.53 as of December 31, 2022. 

55 
 
 (5) Maximum maturity assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower, however loans may be repaid prior to such date. 

(6) Loan-to-value LTV was determined at loan origination and is not updated for subsequent property valuations or loan modifications. The total is the weighted average LTV. 

(7) Risk rating is the internal risk rating assigned by the Sub-Advisor. The total is the average rating for the portfolio. See Part IV, Item 15, Note 3 Commercial Mortgage Loans Held for Investment, which is included in our notes to consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We entered into master repurchase agreements to fund our loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had total borrowings of 488,086 (which is net of 3 of unamortized debt issuance costs) and 307,083 (which is net of 41 of unamortized debt issuance costs), respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had weighted average borrowings of 551,192 and 348,639 and weighted average borrowing costs of 3.8 and 2.5 , respectively. The increase in borrowings was primarily due to financing of the new loans originated during the period. 
 Real Property 
 On August 20, 2020, we acquired a ground lease of the Renaissance O Hare via a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure transaction following a borrower s default on its loan, which had a par value of 24.5 million and an initial maturity date of December 9, 2020. Current annual rent under the ground lease is approximately 1.6 million on a net basis, with us as the tenant responsible for all operating expenses, including property taxes. The lease has a 10 rental increase every five years with the next increase scheduled to occur in March 2024. This ground lease runs through March 2098. 
 The Renaissance O Hare is a full-service, 16-story hotel consisting of the hotel building and access to an adjoining five-story parking garage shared with an adjacent office building we do not own. The hotel features a business center, fitness center, indoor swimming pool and whirlpool, gift shop, restaurant, Starbucks and 170 available parking spaces. The hotel has 16 meeting and banquet rooms containing a total of 15,754 square feet, the largest of which is 5,000 square feet and seats 600. 
 The hotel has a net book value of 19.1 million which includes real estate owned, net of depreciation of 31.2 million, a finance lease right of use asset, net of 5.4 million offset partially by a finance lease liability of 17.5 million. We obtained an independent third-party appraisal as of December 31, 2022 of 19.0 million that we used in our NAV calculation. The hotel has been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and has not fully recovered. We incurred a 0.6 million net operating loss before depreciation and amortization during 2022. The operating loss before depreciation and amortization during 2021 was 2.2 million. While there was significant improvement in operations in 2022, performance has not yet returned to pre-pandemic levels. 
 We continue to balance the potential increase in the price of a future sale against the potential for continued operating losses in the face of the uncertainty surrounding the pandemic. Whether we achieve a sale price that is worth waiting for will likely depend in large part on how the aforementioned uncertainties surrounding the pandemic and the return of leisure and business travel and in-person large group events unfolds, which could result in a favorable sale price or future operating losses even beyond what we are expecting or a loss on sale, any of which could be material to our future results of operations. We will monitor the market for hotel sales while considering, among other things, the performance of the Renaissance O Hare, relevant market factors and our expected total return weighing current potential disposition prices and redeployment of the sales proceeds into our core investment strategy against the potential disposition prices expected later upon the stabilization of the performance of the hotel. Until the market improves, a third-party management company has been engaged and will continue to manage it. 
 The table below includes certain historical information with respect to the average occupancy, the revenue per available room and the average daily rate of the Renaissance O Hare. 

Year 
 
 Average Occupancy Per Night 

Revenue Per Available Room (1) 

Average Daily Rate (1) 

2018 

71 

106 

149 

2019 

72 

106 

146 

2020 

25 

27 

107 

2021 

47 

46 

102 

2022 

55 

78 

142 

______________ 

(1) Amounts expressed in whole dollars. 

The following table shows the Renaissance O Hare s performance trend over the past six quarters. 
 56 

Period 
 
 Average Occupancy Per Night 

Average Revenue Per Available Room (1) 

Average Daily Rate 

Third Quarter 2021 

57 

65 

114 

Fourth Quarter 2021 

47 

54 

113 

First Quarter 2022 

48 

48 

100 

Second Quarter 2022 

59 

87 

146 

Third Quarter 2022 

59 

93 

158 

Fourth Quarter 2022 

55 

85 

152 

______________ 

(1) Amounts expressed in whole dollars. 

The hotel s performance improved during the year ended December 31, 2022 relative to the prior year due to a return to more normal seasonal activity with travel and group events increasing as the COVID-19 pandemic restrictions have been lifted. Although performance has not returned to pre-pandemic levels, the results over the last three quarters of 2022 show significant improvement in operating metrics. 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our accounting policies have been established to conform with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. We consider these policies to be critical because they require our management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If management s judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, thus resulting in a different presentation of the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Commercial mortgage loans are held for investment purposes and are anticipated to be held until maturity. Accordingly, they are carried at cost, net of unamortized loan fees and origination costs, and premiums or discounts. Commercial mortgage loans that are deemed to be impaired will be carried at amortized cost less a specific allowance for loan losses. Interest income is recorded on the accrual basis and related discounts, premiums and net deferred fees or costs on investments are amortized over the life of the investment using the effective interest method. Amortization is reflected as an adjustment to interest income in our consolidated statements of operations. Upon measurement of impairment, we record an allowance for loan losses to reduce the carrying value of the loan with a corresponding charge through the provision for loan losses on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 The allowance for loan losses reflects management's estimate of loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. We use a uniform process for determining our allowance for loan losses. The allowance for loan losses includes an asset-specific component and will include a general, formula-based component when the portfolio is determined to be of sufficient size to warrant such a reserve. 
 The asset-specific reserve component relates to reserves for losses on individual impaired loans. We consider a loan to be impaired when, based upon current information and events, we believe that it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. This assessment is made on an individual loan basis each quarter based on such factors as payment status, lien position, borrower financial resources and investment in collateral, collateral type, project economics and geographical location as well as national and regional economic factors. A reserve is established for an impaired loan when the present value of payments expected to be received, observable market prices or the estimated fair value of the collateral (for loans that are dependent on the collateral for repayment) is lower than the carrying value of that loan. 
 For collateral dependent impaired loans, impairment is measured using the estimated fair value of collateral less the estimated cost to sell. Valuations are performed or obtained at the time a loan is determined to be impaired and designated non-performing, and they are updated if circumstances indicate that a significant change in value has occurred. The Advisor generally will use the income approach through internally developed valuation models to estimate the fair value of the collateral for such loans. In more limited cases, the Advisor will obtain external as is appraisals for loan collateral, generally when third party participations exist. 
 General reserves are recorded when (i) available information as of each balance sheet date indicates that it is probable a loss has occurred in the portfolio and (ii) the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Our policy is to estimate loss rates based on actual losses experienced, if any, or based on historic realized losses experienced in the industry if we have not experienced any losses. Current collateral and economic conditions affecting the probability and severity of losses are taken into account when establishing the allowance 
 57 
 
 for loan losses. We perform a comprehensive analysis of our loan portfolio and assign risk ratings to loans that incorporate management's current judgments about their credit quality based on all known and relevant internal and external factors that may affect collectability. We consider, among other things, payment status, lien position, borrower financial resources and investment in collateral, collateral type, project economics and geographic location as well as national and regional economic factors. This methodology results in loans being segmented by risk classification into risk rating categories that are associated with estimated probabilities of default and principal loss. Ratings range from 1 to 5 with 1 representing the lowest risk of loss and 5 representing the highest risk of loss. 
 Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 90 days or more or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued and unpaid interest is generally reversed against interest income in the period the loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management's judgment regarding the borrower's ability to make pending principal and interest payments. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management's judgment, are likely to remain current. We may make exceptions to placing a loan on non-accrual status if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 
 In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ), which changes how entities measure credit losses for financial assets carried at amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 eliminates the requirement that a credit loss must be probable before it can be recognized and instead requires an entity to recognize the current estimate of all expected credit losses. ASU 2016-13 is effective for SEC filers for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The amendments may be adopted early for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), and Leases (Topic 842): Effective Dates , which grants smaller reporting companies (as defined by the SEC) until reporting periods commencing after December 15, 2022 to implement ASU 2016-13. As a smaller reporting company, we will adopt ASU 2016-13 through a cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2023. 
 The Current Expected Credit Loss CECL reserve required under ASU 2016-13 is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the related loans on the consolidated balance sheet, which will reduce the stockholders equity. The initial CECL reserve recorded as of January 1, 2023 will be reflected as a direct charge against retained earnings; however, future net changes to the CECL reserve will be recognized in net income on the consolidated statement of operations. ASU 2016-13 does not require use of a particular method for determining the CECL reserve, but it does specify the allowance should be based on relevant information about past events, including historical loss experience, composition of the current loan portfolio, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts for the expected term of each loan. Additionally, but for a few narrow exceptions, ASU 2016-13 does not have a minimum threshold for recognition of impairment losses and requires that all financial instruments, including those for which there is a low risk of loss, incur some amount of valuation reserve to reflect the inherent risk of loss regardless of credit quality, amount of subordinate capital, or other risk mitigants. 
 For the majority of the loan portfolio, we elected to utilize a widely-used analytical model, at the individual loan level, incorporating a probability of default and loss-given-default methodology and loan performance data for commercial real estate loans over prior economic cycles. For one loan in the portfolio, we determined that an analytical model was not appropriate. In cases where we feel there is potential impairment, the CECL reserve is assessed by comparing the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, less the cost to sell, to the book value of the respective loans. These valuations require significant judgment, which may include assumptions regarding capitalization rates, discount rates, leasing, creditworthiness of major tenants, occupancy rates, availability and cost of financing, exit plan, loan sponsorship, actions of other lenders, and other factors deemed relevant by us. Actual losses, if any, could ultimately differ materially from these estimates. We only expect to realize the impairment losses if and when such amounts are deemed nonrecoverable upon a realization event. This is generally at the time a loan is repaid, or in the case of foreclosure, when the underlying asset is sold, but non-recoverability may also be concluded if, in our determination, it is nearly certain that all amounts due will not be collected. 
 Our loans may include commitments to fund incremental proceeds to our borrowers over the life of the loan, which are also subject to the CECL model. The CECL reserve related to future funding commitments will be recorded as a component of other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet and be estimated using the same process as for our outstanding loan balances. 
 Though we are still in the process of finalizing the effect of ASU 2016-13, we will be recording an additional allowance for credit losses in a range of between 5 million and 7 million, which includes the amount attributable to future funding commitments, as of January 1, 2023 through a cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficit, which will be disclosed in our first quarter 2023 Report on Form 10-Q. 
 58 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The table below presents information from our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Interest income: 

Interest income 

44,641 

28,988 

33,490 

Less: Interest expense 

(21,371) 

(8,801) 

(10,317) 

Net interest income 

23,270 

20,187 

23,173 

Revenue from real estate owned 

14,774 

8,109 

972 

Total income 

38,044 

28,296 

24,145 

Operating expenses: 

Advisory fee 

3,692 

3,217 

5,528 

Debt finance costs 

1,708 

1,492 

1,331 

Directors compensation 

81 

73 

94 

Professional service fees 

914 

1,028 

2,031 

Real estate owned operating expenses 

15,369 

10,344 

2,709 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,130 

1,089 

405 

Other expenses 

1,383 

1,180 

921 

Total operating expenses 

24,277 

18,423 

13,019 

Other (loss) income: 

Provision for loan losses 

(3,588) 

(4,726) 

Realized loss on sale of commercial loan 

(375) 

Unrealized gain in value of real estate securities 

211 

Realized loss on the sale of real estate securities 

(35,020) 

Total other (loss) income 

(3,588) 

(39,910) 

Net income (loss) 

10,179 

9,873 

(28,784) 

Series A Preferred Stock dividends 

6,055 

1,654 

Gain on repurchase and retirement of preferred stock 

(306) 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

4,430 

8,219 

(28,784) 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

0.42 

0.72 

(2.49) 

Weighted average number of shares 

Basic 

10,605,242 

11,480,517 

11,561,828 

Diluted 

10,606,072 

11,481,464 

11,561,828 

The change in performance from December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to improvement in net interest income and operating results for the Renaissance O'Hare. During 2022, we increased our average investment portfolio by 259.8 million to 783.8 million through the investment of our Preferred Stock Offering. In addition, during 2022 the Federal Reserve began a series of interest rate increases which improved the performance of our loan portfolio as approximately 98 is floating rate. As a result of these changes, our net interest income increased by 3.1 million, from 20.2 million in 2021 to 23.3 million in 2022. The easement of pandemic related travel restrictions resulted in improvement in the Renaissance O'Hare's operating loss as it decreased by 1.6 million during the year, from a loss of 2.2 million in 2021 to a loss of 0.6 million in 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we also recorded a provision for loan losses of 3.6 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the ratio of the cost of raising equity capital to the gross amount of equity capital raised was approximately 34.7 . 
 The change in performance from December 31, 2020 to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the loss on sale of CMBS following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 that did not recur in 2021 (no CMBS were owned in 2022 or 2021), lower net interest income as spreads tightened for new loans and from a full year of operating losses on the real estate owned REO ). 
 59 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is generated on our interest-earning assets less related interest-bearing liabilities. The following table presents the average balance of interest-earning assets less related interest-bearing liabilities, associated interest income and expense and corresponding yield earned and incurred for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Average Carrying Value (1) 

Interest Income/ Expense (2)(3) 

Weighted Average Yield/ Financing Cost (4) 

Average Carrying Value (1) 

Interest Income/ Expense (2)(3) 

Weighted Average Yield/ Financing Cost (4) 

Average Carrying Value (1) 

Interest Income/ Expense (2)(3) 

Weighted Average Yield/ Financing Cost (4) 

Interest-earning assets: 

Real estate securities 

82,790 

3,920 

4.7 

Commercial mortgage loans 

783,762 

44,540 

5.6 

523,989 

28,988 

5.5 

498,673 

29,428 

5.8 

Total/Weighted Average 

783,762 

44,540 

5.6 

523,989 

28,988 

5.5 

581,463 

33,348 

5.7 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Repurchase agreements securities 

47,214 

1,578 

3.3 

Repurchase agreements mortgage loans 

442,364 

17,261 

3.8 

326,739 

8,209 

2.5 

330,922 

8,739 

2.6 

Credit facility - loans 

3,583 

158 

4.3 

7,784 

311 

3.9 

Loan participations sold, net 

105,245 

3,952 

3.7 

14,116 

281 

2.0 

Total/Weighted Average 

551,192 

21,371 

3.8 

326,739 

8,801 

2.5 

378,136 

10,317 

2.7 

Net interest income/spread 

23,169 

1.8 

20,187 

3.0 

23,031 

3.0 

Average leverage (5) 

237.0 

198.8 

186.0 

Weighted average levered yield (6) 

9.8 

11.4 

11.1 

____________ 

(1) Based on amortized cost for real estate securities and principal amount for repurchase agreements. Amounts are calculated based on the average daily balance. 

(2) Includes the effect of amortization of premium or accretion of discount. 

(3) Interest income excludes 101, 0 and 142 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to bank deposits and Treasury bills not included in the investment portfolio. 

(4) Calculated as annualized interest income or expense divided by average carrying value. 

(5) Calculated by dividing total average interest-bearing liabilities by total average equity (total average interest-earning assets less total average liabilities). 

(6) Calculated by taking the sum of (i) the net interest spread multiplied by the average leverage and (ii) the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets. 

The change in our average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities was due to the change in the composition of our investment portfolio as we invested proceeds from the IPO, Second Public Offering, the Preferred Stock Offering and the sale of loan participations to execute our business strategy. The change in the weighted average levered yield was primarily due to the Federal Reserve increasing interest rates during the year and how those increases impacted our loan portfolio and our borrowings. Our loan portfolio has interest rate index floors that are higher than the index floors on our borrowings. As a result, our average borrowing costs increased more than our weighted average yield causing the net interest income spread to decrease. 
 Revenue from Real Estate Owned 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Renaissance O Hare generated 14,774 and 8,109 in revenue, respectively. We believe the increase in revenue was most likely primarily due to increased travel because of the easing of pandemic related travel restrictions and increased willingness and desire to travel. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we acquired the Renaissance O Hare through a deed in lieu of foreclosure transaction. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Renaissance O Hare generated 8,109 and 972 in revenue, respectively. Because 
 60 
 
 we acquired the Renaissance O Hare during the third quarter of 2020, the year ended December 31, 2020 does not include a full year of results, accounting for the increase in revenue from 2020 to 2021. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are set forth in the table below: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Advisory fee 

3,692 

3,217 

5,528 

Debt finance costs 

1,708 

1,492 

1,331 

Directors compensation 

81 

73 

94 

Professional service fees 

914 

1,028 

2,031 

Real estate owned operating expenses 

15,369 

10,344 

2,709 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,130 

1,089 

405 

Other expenses 

1,383 

1,180 

921 

Total operating expenses 

24,277 

18,423 

13,019 

Total operating expenses increased 5,855 in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the increase in REO operating expenses and the related depreciation and amortization expense. The increase is mostly in the variable costs of the hotel operations and is correlated to the increase in occupancy during the year. The increase in REO operating expenses and depreciation and amortization during the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to the Renaissance O Hare, which was acquired in August 2020 and, as such, the 2020 period did not represent a full period of expenses. In addition, the Renaissance O Hare s operations and expenses were limited in the 2020 period due to the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The advisory fees increased during the year as the average net asset value was higher in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the Preferred Stock Offering. During 2022 we increased our average borrowings by 202.6 million due to the financing of the new loans originated from our Preferred Stock Offering. In addition, the Federal Reserve began a series of interest rate increases and our debt is floating rate. The combination of these resulted in the increase in our interest expense. In 2021, the Advisor and Sub-Advisor agreed to waive 50 of their advisory fees for the first six months of the year. This fee reduction was made permanent in July 2021 and resulted in the decline in the advisory fee for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 2020. The decrease in professional service fees in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to the write-off of deferred costs related to the issuance of a CLO we did not complete due to the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. Debt finance costs increased during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 due to the extension fees paid for the CF Repo Facility (defined below) and the addition of the WA Credit Facility (defined below) and the associated amortization of debt finance costs for both in 2021 compared to 2020. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 our total operating expenses were 3.1 of our average invested assets and 176.3 of our net income. 
 Other (Loss) Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, other (loss) income was (3,588), 0 and (39,910), respectively. As discussed in Note 16 Subsequent Events , a change in the local office real estate market resulted in a significant decrease in value of the collateral of one of our first mortgage loans. Consequently, we recorded a loan loss reserve for the full value of the loan net of the participation interest. The primary reason for the activity in other income (loss) during the year ended December 31, 2020 was due to the change in the fair value of the real estate securities resulting from different market conditions during each year, with a significant decrease in value following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. These real estate securities were all sold during the year ended December 31, 2020. There was also a provision for loan losses of (4,726) recorded in 2020 related to the deed-in-lieu of foreclosure for the Renaissance O Hare. 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our net income was 10,179 and 9,873, respectively. The increase was primarily due to improvement in net interest income and operating results for the Renaissance O'Hare. Increase in the LIBOR and SOFR rates throughout 2022 and an increase in the size of the loan portfolio, resulted in net interest income increasing by 3,083, from 20,187 in 2021 to 23,270 in 2022. The easement of pandemic related travel restrictions resulted in improvement in the Renaissance O Hare s operating loss as it decreased by 1,640 during the year, from a loss of (2,235) in 2021 to a loss of (595) in 2022. The improvements in net interest income and the operating results of the Renaissance O Hare were partially offset by the loan loss reserve of 3,588 recorded in 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, our net income (loss) was 9,873 and (28,784), respectively. The 
 61 
 
 increase was primarily due to realized losses on the sale of real estate securities and a provision for loan losses recorded during 2020 that did not recur in 2021. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations 
 We use Funds from Operations FFO ), a widely accepted metric, to evaluate our performance. FFO provides a supplemental measure to compare our performance and operations to other REITs. Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT has promulgated a standard known as FFO, which it believes more accurately reflects the operating performance of a REIT. As defined by NAREIT, FFO means net income computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of operating property, plus depreciation and amortization and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities. In addition, NAREIT has further clarified the FFO definition to add-back impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate or of investments in unconsolidated entities that are driven by measurable decreases in the fair value of depreciable real estate and to exclude the earnings impacts of cumulative effects of accounting changes. We have adopted the NAREIT definition for computing FFO. 
 Due to the unique features of publicly registered, non-listed REITs, the Institute for Portfolio Alternatives IPA ), an industry trade group, published a standardized measure known as Modified Funds from Operations MFFO ), which the IPA has promulgated as a supplemental measure for publicly registered non-listed REITs and which may be another appropriate supplemental measure to reflect the operating performance of a non-listed REIT. 
 The IPA defines MFFO as FFO adjusted for acquisition fees and expenses, amounts relating to straight line rents and amortization of premiums on debt investments, non-recurring impairments of real estate-related investments, mark-to-market adjustments included in net income, non-recurring gains or losses included in net income from the extinguishment or sale of debt, hedges, foreign exchange, derivatives or securities holdings where trading of such holdings is not a fundamental attribute of the business plan, unrealized gains or losses resulting from consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting, and after adjustments for consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. 
 We define MFFO in accordance with the concepts established by the IPA and adjust FFO for certain items, such as amortization of premium and discounts on real estate securities. We purchase real estate securities at a premium or discount to par value, and in accordance with GAAP, record the amortization of premium/accretion of the discount to interest income. We believe that excluding the amortization of premiums and discounts provides better insight to the expected contractual cash flows. In addition, we adjust FFO for unrealized gains or losses on real estate securities. Any mark-to-market or fair value adjustments are based on general market or overall industry conditions and may be temporary in nature. 
 Because MFFO may be a recognized measure of operating performance within the non-listed REIT industry, MFFO and the adjustments used to calculate it may be useful in order to evaluate our performance against other non-listed REITs. Like FFO, MFFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP, as detailed in the table below, and MFFO may not be a useful measure of the impact of long-term operating performance on value if we continue to acquire a significant amount of investments. 
 Our presentation of FFO and MFFO may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures presented by other REITs. We believe that the use of FFO and MFFO provides a more complete understanding of our operating performance to stockholders and to management, and when compared year over year, reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs. Neither FFO nor MFFO is intended to be an alternative to net income or to cash flows from operating activities as determined by GAAP as a measure of our capacity to pay distributions. Management uses FFO and MFFO to compare our operating performance to that of other REITs and to assess our operating performance. 
 Neither the SEC, any other regulatory body nor NAREIT has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments that we use to calculate FFO or MFFO. In the future, the SEC, another regulatory body or NAREIT may decide to standardize the allowable adjustments across the non-listed REIT industry and we would have to adjust our calculation and characterization of FFO or MFFO. 
 
 62 
 
 Our FFO and MFFO are calculated as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

4,430 

8,219 

(28,784) 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,130 

1,089 

405 

Funds from operations 

5,560 

9,308 

(28,379) 

Amortization of discounts on real estate securities 

(307) 

Amortization of debt financing costs 

1,708 

1,492 

1,331 

Non-cash adjustment for ground lease 

424 

386 

122 

Provision for loan losses 

3,588 

4,726 

Realized loss on sale of commercial loan 

375 

Adjustment for gain on repurchase of preferred stock 

(306) 

Unrealized gain on real estate securities 

(211) 

Realized loss on sale of real estate securities 

35,020 

Modified funds from operations 

10,974 

11,186 

12,677 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is a measurement of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to pay distributions to our stockholders, fund investments, originate loans, repay borrowings, and other general business needs including the payment of our operating and administrative expenses. Our primary sources of funds for liquidity consist of the net proceeds from the Offerings, net cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from repurchase agreements and other financing arrangements and future issuances of equity and/or debt securities, which may include CLOs. During the year ended December 31, 2020, proceeds from the sale of CMBS and one commercial loan provided additional cash. 
 Cash Flow Analysis 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

18,516 

11,644 

11,998 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(180,562) 

(222,394) 

163,931 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

134,186 

195,911 

(141,461) 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(27,860) 

(14,839) 

34,468 

We experienced a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents of 27,860 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net decrease of 14,839 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash for the year ended December 31, 2022 is driven by loan originations for the year, which were funded through our repurchase agreements. 
 Repurchase Agreements and Credit Facilities 
 On February 15, 2018, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a master repurchase agreement (the CF Repo Facility with Column Financial, Inc. as administrative agent for certain of its affiliates. As our business has grown, we have increased the borrowing limit and extended the maturity. The most recent extension was in November 2022 for a twelve-month term and the maximum advance amount was set to 375,000. Advances under the CF Repo Facility for current loans accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to SOFR plus 2.50 to 3.00 with a 0.15 to 0.25 floor. The CF Repo Facility is generally subject to certain financial covenants. We were in compliance with all financial covenant requirements as of December 31, 2022. 
 On May 6, 2019, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an uncommitted master repurchase agreement (the JPM Repo Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association. The JPM Repo Facility provides up to 150,000 in advances that we expect to use to finance the acquisition or origination of eligible loans and participation interests therein. Advances made prior to December 2021 under the JPM Repo Facility accrue interest at per annum rates equal to the sum of (i) the applicable LIBOR index rate plus (ii) a margin of between 1.75 to 2.50 with no floor, depending on the attributes of the purchased assets. Advances made subsequent to December 2021 under the JPM Repo Facility accrue interest at per annum rates equal to the sum of SOFR plus an agreed upon margin. As of December 31, 2022, 48.8 of the advances made under the JPM Repo Facility were indexed to SOFR and have margins between 1.85 to 2.85 with a floor between 0.00 and 2.00 . In May 2022, the maturity date of the JPM Repo Facility was extended to May 
 63 
 
 6, 2023. The JPM Repo Facility is subject to certain financial covenants. One of the covenants requires that the ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA to Fixed Charges, defined as preferred dividends plus interest expense per the JPM Repo Facility agreement, should not fall below 150 on a trailing four quarter basis. As of September 30, 2022 and as of December 31, 2022, the EBITDA to Fixed Charges ratio for the trailing four quarters was 144 and 135 , respectively. JPM agreed to waive this covenant as of September 30, 2022 and as of December 31, 2022. As a result, we were in compliance with all financial covenant requirements as of December 31, 2022. 
 On March 10, 2021, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a credit facility with Western Alliance Bank (the WA Credit Facility, together with the CF Repo Facility and the JPM Repo Facility, the Facilities ). The WA Credit Facility provides for loan advances up to the lesser of 75,000 or the borrowing base. The borrowing base consists of eligible assets pledged to and accepted by Western Alliance in its discretion up to the lower of (i) 60 to 70 of loan-to-unpaid balance or (ii) 45 to 50 of the loan-to-appraised value (depending on the property type underlying the asset, for both (i) and (ii)). Assets that would otherwise be eligible become ineligible after being pledged as part of the borrowing base for 36 months. Advances under the WA Credit Facility accrue interest at an annual rate equal to one-month LIBOR plus 3.25 with a floor of 0.75 . The initial maturity date of the WA Credit Facility is March 10, 2023. On March 9, 2023, we extended the maturity date of the WA Credit Facility to March 10, 2025, modified that loan advances are up to the lesser of 40,000 or the borrowing base, and changed the index rate from LIBOR to SOFR. In addition, the spread increased to 3.50 and the floor to 6.00 . We have an option to convert the loan made pursuant to the WA Credit Facility upon its initial maturity to a term loan with the same interest rate and floor and a maturity of two years in exchange for, among other things, a conversion fee of 0.25 of the outstanding amount at the time of conversion. The WA Credit Facility requires maintenance of an average unrestricted aggregate deposit account balance with Western Alliance of not less than 3,750. Failure to meet the minimum deposit balance will result in, among other things, the interest rate of the WA Credit Facility increasing by 0.25 per annum for each quarter in which the compensating balances are not maintained. We were in compliance with all financial covenant requirements as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Facilities are used to finance eligible loans and act in the manner of a revolving credit facility that can be repaid as our assets are paid off and re-drawn as advances against new assets. 
 The tables below show our Facilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

Weighted Average 

Committed Financing 

Amount Outstanding (1) 

Accrued Interest Payable 

Collateral Pledged 

Interest Rate 

Days to Maturity 

CF Repo Facility 

375,000 

356,094 

882 

494,962 

6.89 

679 

JPM Repo Facility 

150,000 

131,992 

305 

181,972 

6.40 

492 

Repurchase agreements - commercial mortgage loans 

525,000 

488,086 

1,187 

676,934 

6.76 

628 

WA Credit Facility 

75,000 

18,380 

16 

29,797 

7.64 

435 

600,000 

506,466 

1,203 

706,731 

6.79 

621 

December 31, 2021 

Weighted Average 

Committed Financing 

Amount Outstanding (1) 

Accrued Interest Payable 

Collateral Pledged 

Interest Rate 

Days to Maturity 

CF Repo Facility 

350,000 

189,654 

159 

260,691 

2.16 

314 

JPM Repo Facility 

150,000 

117,470 

92 

167,704 

2.02 

126 

Repurchase agreements - commercial mortgage loans 

500,000 

307,124 

251 

428,395 

2.11 

242 

WA Credit Facility 

75,000 

14,350 

22 

20,500 

4.00 

434 

575,000 

321,474 

273 

448,895 

2.19 

251 

____________ 

(1) Excluding 3 and 41 of unamortized debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During 2022 the Federal Reserve began raising its federal funds rate target range due to the persistent high rate of inflation. Additionally, driven by the shift in Federal Reserve interest rate policy, the general level of interest rates in the market has increased, increasing the weighted average interest rates on our Facilities. 
 64 
 
 Loan Participations Sold 
 On November 15, 2021, we sold a non-recourse senior participation interest in nine first mortgage loans to a third party. Under the loan participation agreement, in the event of default by the underlying mortgagor, any amounts paid are first allocated to the third party before any amounts are allocated to our subordinate interest. As the directing participant in the loan participation agreement, we are entitled to exercise, without the consent of the third party, each of the consent approval and control rights under the applicable underlying mortgage loan documents with a few exceptions. We require the third party s approval for any modification or amendment to the loan, a bankruptcy plan for an underlying mortgagor where the third party would incur an out-of-pocket loss, or any transfer of the underlying mortgaged property if our approval is required by the underlying mortgage documents. We remain the directing participant unless certain conditions are met related to losses on the property or if the mortgagor is one of our affiliates. In the former case, we may post cash or short-term U.S. government securities as collateral to retain the rights of the directing participant. 
 The third party, as the senior participation interest holder, will receive interest and principal payments from the borrower until they receive the amounts to which they are entitled. All expenses or losses on the underlying mortgages are allocated first to us and then to the third party. If the underlying mortgage is in default, we will have the option to purchase the third party s participation interest and remove it from the loan participation agreement. 
 The following table details our loan participations sold as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

Loan Participations Sold 
 
 Count 

Principal Balance 

Book Value 

Yield/Cost (1) 
 
 Guarantee (2) 
 
 Weighted Average Maximum Maturity 

Total Loans 

7 

124,275 

121,431 

L+3.7 
 
 n/a 

1.22 

Senior participations (3) 

7 

99,420 

99,420 

L+2.0 
 
 n/a 

1.22 

December 31, 2021 

Loan Participations Sold 
 
 Count 

Principal Balance 

Book Value 

Yield/Cost (1) 
 
 Guarantee (2) 
 
 Weighted Average Maximum Maturity 

Total Loans 

9 

137,215 

137,931 

L+3.6 
 
 n/a 

2.22 

Senior participations (3) 

9 

109,772 

109,772 

L+2.0 
 
 n/a 

2.22 

____________ 

(1) The yield/cost is the present value of all future principal and interest payments on the loan or participation interest and does not include any origination fees or deferred commitment fees. 

(2) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the loan participation sold was non-recourse to us. 

(3) During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded 4.0 and 0.3 million of interest expense related to loan participations sold, respectively. 

Revolving Credit Liquidity Letter Agreements 
 IREIC, our sponsor, and Sound Point have agreed under separate letter agreements dated July 20, 2021, and July 15, 2021, respectively, to make revolving credit loans to us in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time not to exceed 5,000 and 15,000, respectively (the IREIC-Sound Point Commitments from time to time. Use of the IREIC-Sound Point Commitments is limited to satisfying requirements to maintain cash or cash equivalents under our repurchase and other borrowing arrangements. 
 Distributions 
 Common Stock 
 For the period from January 1, 2019 to July 31, 2019, we paid distributions on Class P Shares based on daily record dates, payable in arrears the following month, equal to a daily amount of 1/365 th of 1.92 per share. Distributions declared on or after August 1, 2019 through February 29, 2020 on Class P Shares were based on monthly record dates, payable in arrears the following month, equal to a monthly amount of 1/12 th of 1.92 per share. 
 For each class of common stock offered in the IPO through February 29, 2020, we paid the same gross distribution based on monthly record dates, payable in arrears the following month, equal to a monthly amount of 1/12 th of 1.62 per share. 
 On March 24, 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our Board suspended, among other things, the payment of distributions to our stockholders and the operation of our DRP, effective as of April 6, 2020. In determining to suspend the payment of distributions, the Board considered various factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, the inability to accurately calculate our NAV per share due to uncertainty, volatility and lack of liquidity in the market, our need for liquidity due to financing challenges related to additional collateral required by the banks that regularly finance our assets and these uncertain and rapidly changing economic conditions. 
 65 
 
 Though we did not calculate the NAV for the months of March through May 2020, we resumed calculating our NAV beginning as of June 30, 2020 following the Advisor s determination that volatility in the market for our investments had declined and the U.S economic outlook had improved. In August 2020, we resumed paying distributions monthly to stockholders of record for all classes of shares. The table below presents the aggregate annualized and monthly distributions declared on common stock by record date for all classes of shares since we resumed paying distributions. The amount of distributions that we may pay in the future is not certain. 

Record date 
 
 Aggregate annualized gross distribution declared per share of common stock 

Aggregate monthly gross distribution declared per share of common stock 

July 31, 2020 

0.8576 

0.0715 

August 31, 2020 

0.8800 

0.0733 

September 30, 2020 

0.9000 

0.0750 

October 31, 2020 

0.9000 

0.0750 

November 30, 2020 

0.9000 

0.0750 

December 31, 2020 

0.9000 

0.0750 

January 31, 2021 

0.9500 

0.0792 

February 28, 2021 

1.0000 

0.0833 

March 31, 2021 

1.0500 

0.0875 

April 30, 2021 

1.1000 

0.0917 

May 31, 2021 

1.1500 

0.0958 

June 30, 2021 

1.2500 

0.1042 

July 31, 2021 

1.2500 

0.1042 

August 31, 2021 

1.2500 

0.1042 

September 30, 2021 

1.2500 

0.1042 

October 31, 2021 

1.2500 

0.1042 

November 30, 2021 

1.2500 

0.1042 

December 31, 2021 

1.2500 

0.1042 

January 31, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

February 28, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

March 31, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

April 30, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

May 31, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

June 30, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

July 31, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

August 31, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

September 30, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

October 31, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

November 30, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

December 31, 2022 

1.2500 

0.1042 

The gross distribution was reduced each month for Class D and Class T of our common stock for applicable class-specific stockholder servicing fees to arrive at a lower net distribution amount paid to those classes. For a description of the stockholder servicing fees applicable to Class D, Class S and Class T shares of our common stock, please see Note 11 Transactions with Related Parties in the notes to our consolidated financial statements below. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we did not have shares outstanding of Class S common stock. 
 66 
 
 The following table shows our monthly net distribution per share for shares of Class D and Class T common stock since we resumed paying distributions. 

Record date 
 
 Monthly net distribution declared per share of Class D common stock 

Monthly net distribution declared per share of Class T common stock 

July 31, 2020 

0.0670 

0.0560 

August 31, 2020 

0.0688 

0.0578 

September 30, 2020 

0.0706 

0.0600 

October 31, 2020 

0.0704 

0.0594 

November 30, 2020 

0.0706 

0.0600 

December 31, 2020 

0.0704 

0.0595 

January 31, 2021 

0.0749 

0.0646 

February 28, 2021 

0.0794 

0.0701 

March 31, 2021 

0.0832 

0.0729 

April 30, 2021 

0.0876 

0.0776 

May 31, 2021 

0.0915 

0.0813 

June 30, 2021 

0.1000 

0.0900 

July 31, 2021 

0.0999 

0.0896 

August 31, 2021 

0.0999 

0.0895 

September 30, 2021 

0.1000 

0.0900 

October 31, 2021 

0.0999 

0.0895 

November 30, 2021 

0.1000 

0.0901 

December 31, 2021 

0.0999 

0.0897 

January 31, 2022 

0.0999 

0.0896 

February 28, 2022 

0.1003 

0.0910 

March 31, 2022 

0.0999 

0.0898 

April 30, 2022 

0.1001 

0.0903 

May 31, 2022 

0.1000 

0.0899 

June 30, 2022 

0.1001 

0.0904 

July 31, 2022 

0.1000 

0.0899 

August 31, 2022 

0.1000 

0.0900 

September 30, 2022 

0.1001 

0.0905 

October 31, 2022 

0.1000 

0.0900 

November 30, 2022 

0.1002 

0.0905 

December 31, 2022 

0.1000 

0.0900 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series A Preferred Stock dividends are paid quarterly in arrears based on an annualized distribution rate of 6.75 of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference, or 1.6875 per share per annum. During December 2021, our Board declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of 0.459375 per share which was paid on December 30, 2021 to holders of record on December 15, 2021 for the period beginning September 22, 2021 to, but not including, December 30, 2021. During March 2022, our Board declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of 0.421875 per share, which was paid on March 30, 2022 to holders of record on March 15, 2022. During June 2022, our Board declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of 0.421875 per share, which was paid on June 30, 2022 to holders of record on June 15, 2022. During August 2022, our Board declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of 0.421875 per share, which was paid on September 30, 2022 to holders or record on September 15, 2022. During November 2022, our Board declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of 0.421875 per share, which was paid on December 30, 2022 to holders of record on December 15, 2022. 
 
 Sources of Distributions to Common Stockholders 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Distributions to Holders of Common Stock 

Paid in cash 

12,447 

12,388 

9,251 

Reinvested in shares 

725 

583 

245 

Total distributions 

13,172 

12,971 

9,496 

Cash flows from operating activities 

18,516 

11,644 

11,998 

____________ 

67 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, none of the distributions on our common stock were paid from the combined net proceeds of our Public Offerings and Preferred Stock Offering. For the year ended December 31, 2021, 6.0 of distributions on our common stock were paid from the combined net proceeds of our IPO and Preferred Stock Offering. For the year ended December 31, 2020, none of the distributions were paid from the net proceeds of our IPO. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources excluding future loan advance commitments as disclosed in Part IV, Item 15, Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies. 
 Review of our Policies 
 Our Board, including our independent directors, has reviewed our policies described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our registration statement and determined that they are in the best interests of our stockholders because: (i) they increase the likelihood that we will be able to originate, acquire and manage a diversified portfolio of first mortgage loans secured by CRE and credit loans, thereby reducing risk in our portfolio; (ii) there are sufficient loan underwriting opportunities with the attributes that we seek; (iii) our executive officers, director, affiliates of our Advisor and Sub-Advisor have expertise with the type of real estate investments we seek; and (iv) our borrowings will enable us to originate and acquire loan assets and earn revenue more quickly, thereby increasing our likelihood of generating income for our stockholders and preserving stockholder capital. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitati ve Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Credit Risk 
 Our investments are subject to a high degree of credit risk. Credit risk is the exposure to loss from loan defaults. Default rates are subject to a wide variety of factors, including, but not limited to, borrower financial condition, property performance, property management, supply/demand factors, construction trends, consumer behavior, regional economics, interest rates, the strength of the U.S. economy, and other factors beyond our control. All loans are subject to some risk of default. We manage credit risk through the underwriting process and investment structuring process, acquiring our investments at the appropriate discount to face value, if any, and establishing loss assumptions. We also carefully monitor the performance of the loans, as well as external factors that may affect their value. 
 We also carefully monitor the performance of the loans, as well as external factors that may affect their level of risk and accordingly their value and the market prices of mortgage-related securities such as CMBS that are collateralized by borrower payments under mortgage loans. Adverse economic conditions could negatively impact hotels or tenants at commercial properties underlying our investments resulting in potential borrower delinquencies or defaults or declines in the values of properties that secure our investments, which could in turn impact the fundamental performance of mortgage-backed securities. Further, credit rating agencies may reassess transactions that are negatively impacted by these adverse changes, which may result in CMBS investments being downgraded and temporarily or permanently losing value. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken to try to contain its spread have caused severe volatility, dislocation and illiquidity in certain fixed income markets amidst forced selling of securities by market participants, including CMBS, at depressed market prices. The amount of financing we receive under our CMBS repurchase agreements is directly related to our counterparties' valuation of our assets that serve as collateral for our outstanding repurchase agreement financing. Our CMBS repurchase agreements are typically short-term in nature, are renewable at the discretion of our lenders and do not contain guaranteed roll-over terms and have been periodically refinanced at current market rates. If we fail to repay the lender at maturity, the lender has the right to immediately sell the collateral and pursue us for any shortfall if the sales proceeds are inadequate to cover the repurchase agreement financing. If adverse market conditions such as those described above stemming from the pandemic recur, valuations will likely be reduced, and margin call risk under repurchase agreements will likely be elevated. We have addressed these risks by selling our CMBS investments and focusing our potential investments more on floating-rate first mortgage loans backed by multifamily, industrial and office properties while continuing to assess the ongoing and potential effects of the pandemic on the hospitality and retail sectors. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our market risk arises primarily from interest rate risk relating to interest rate fluctuations. Many factors including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors that are beyond our control contribute to interest rate risk. To meet our short and long-term liquidity requirements, we may borrow funds at fixed and variable rates. Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes in earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, from time to time, we may enter into interest rate hedge contracts such as swaps, collars and treasury lock agreements in order to mitigate our interest rate risk with respect to various debt instruments. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 
 68 
 
 2020, we did not engage in interest rate hedging activities. We do not hold or issue derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes. We do not have any foreign denominated investments, and thus, we are not exposed to foreign currency fluctuations. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our debt investment portfolio was 98 variable rate investments based on SOFR or LIBOR for various terms. Borrowings under the Repo Facilities were short-term and at a variable rate. The following table quantifies the potential changes in interest income net of interest expense should interest rates increase or decrease by 25 or 50 basis points, assuming that our current balance sheet was to remain constant and no actions were taken to alter our existing interest rate sensitivity: 

Estimated Percentage Change in Interest Income Net of Interest Expense 

Change in Rates 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(-) 50 Basis Points 

(4.49) 

1.06 

(-) 25 Basis Points 

(2.25) 

1.06 

Base Interest Rate 

0.00 

0.00 

(+) 25 Basis Points 

2.25 

(1.21) 

(+) 50 Basis Points 

4.49 

(1.91) 

LIBOR Transition 
 It appears highly likely that LIBOR will be discontinued by June 30, 2023. Specifically, on March 5, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration IBA confirmed its intention to cease publication of (i) one week and two month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings after December 31, 2021 and (ii) the remaining U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings after June 30, 2023. On September 29, 2021, the FCA announced that under its new powers, it will compel IBA to publish one, three and six month LIBOR under a synthetic methodology, which will no longer be representative of the underlying market or economic reality the setting is intended to measure, for the duration of 2022. The United States Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate. The Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by U. S. Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to SOFR or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from the LIBOR benchmarks is anticipated in coming years. Accordingly, the outcome of these reforms is uncertain and any changes in the methods by which LIBOR is determined or regulatory activity related to LIBOR s phaseout could cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past. As of December 31, 2022, all of our commercial mortgage loan agreements and our Facilities include language that allows a change to an alternative reference rate to replace LIBOR. We and our lenders have concluded that SOFR will be used as the alternative reference rate. Beginning January 1, 2022, all new loans we originate are based on SOFR. In March 2022, the reference rate for our CF Repo Facility converted from LIBOR to SOFR. We have begun the process of converting all of our existing loans to SOFR and plan to have this completed by June 30, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we still had legacy agreements with borrowers that were indexed to LIBOR that we are in the process of modifying to be indexed to SOFR during the first quarter of 2023. 
 69 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements are included under Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, we evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officers, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive and principal financial officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making that assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 
 The rules of the SEC do not require, and this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include, an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) or Rule 15d-15(f)) during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 70 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 Our directors and executive officers and their positions and ages are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Mitchell A. Sabshon 
 
 70 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

Donald MacKinnon 
 
 58 
 
 President and Director 

Catherine L. Lynch 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Matthew Donnelly 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Investment Officer 

Cathleen M. Hrtanek 
 
 46 
 
 Secretary 

Norman A. Feinstein 
 
 75 
 
 Independent Director 

Cynthia Foster Curry 
 
 60 
 
 Independent Director 

Robert N. Jenkins 
 
 71 
 
 Independent Director 

As of January 1, 2023 
 Set forth below is certain biographical information regarding each of our directors and executive officers. 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon is our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board, positions he has held since October 2016 and September 2016, respectively. Mr. Sabshon is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Advisor, a position he has held since August 2016. Mr. Sabshon has also served as a director and the Chief Executive Officer of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. IREIT ), positions he has held since September 2014 and April 2014, respectively, and as a director of its business manager since October 2013. In April 2022, Mr. Sabshon joined the board of trustees of Seritage Growth Properties (NYSE: SRG), a publicly traded owner and developer of diversified and mixed-use properties. Mr. Sabshon is also currently the Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of IREIC, positions he has held since August 2013, January 2014 and September 2013, respectively. He is a director, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the business manager of Inland Residential Properties Trust, Inc. IRPT ), positions he has held since December 2013, and was a director, the President and Chief Executive Officer of IRPT from December 2013 until December 2019. Mr. Sabshon is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Inland Venture Partners, LLC, a position he has held since November 2018, Chief Executive Officer of Inland Ventures MHC Manager, LLC, a position he has held since December 2018, and Chief Executive Officer of MH Ventures Fund II, Inc., a position he has held since September 2020. Mr. Sabshon has also served as a director of Inland Private Capital Corporation IPCC since September 2013 and a director of the Dealer Manager since January 2014. Prior to joining IREIC in August 2013, Mr. Sabshon served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Cole Real Estate Investments, Inc. Cole ), from November 2010 to June 2013. In this role, he was responsible for finance, asset management, property management, leasing and high yield portfolio management. He also worked on a broad range of initiatives across Cole, including issues pertaining to corporate and portfolio strategy, product development and systems. Prior to joining Cole in November 2010, Mr. Sabshon served as Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer of EndPoint Financial LLC, an advisory firm providing acquisition and finance advisory services to equity investors, from 2008 to 2010. Mr. Sabshon was a licensed person with The OBEX Group from April 2009 through November 2009. Mr. Sabshon served as Chief Investment Officer and Executive Vice President of GFI Capital Resources Group, Inc., a national owner-operator of multifamily properties, from 2007 to 2008. Prior to joining GFI, Mr. Sabshon served with Goldman Sachs Company from 2004 to 2007 and from 1997 to 2002 in several key strategic roles, including President and Chief Executive Officer of Goldman Sachs Commercial Mortgage Capital and head of the Insurance Client Development Group. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Sabshon was Executive Director of the U.S. Institutional Sales Group at Morgan Stanley. Mr. Sabshon held various positions at Lehman Brothers Inc. from 1991 to 1997, including in the Real Estate Investment Banking Group. Prior to joining Lehman Brothers, Mr. Sabshon was an attorney in the Corporate Finance and Real Estate Structured Finance groups of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP. Mr. Sabshon holds a B.A. from George Washington University and a J.D. from Hofstra University School of Law. We believe that Mr. Sabshon s experience as a director and Chief Executive Officer of IRPT, IREIT and IREIC, his prior experience as an officer of Cole and his significant finance experience make him well qualified to serve as a member of our Board. 
 Donald MacKinnon is our President, one of our directors and a Portfolio Manager of the Sub-Advisor, positions he has held since October 2016, September 2016 and September 2016, respectively. Mr. MacKinnon served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Realty Finance Trust, Inc. RFT ), and its advisor from January 2013 to November 2015, and as President of RFT and its advisor from November 2014 to November 2015. From May 2011 through December 2012, Mr. MacKinnon served as Senior Vice President and head of High Yield Portfolio Management for Cole, where he invested approximately 350 million in credit sensitive CMBS and mezzanine loans for Cole. From July 2008 to March 2011, Mr. MacKinnon was a partner with EndPoint Financial, LLC where he provided CMBS advisory and real estate workout services. From January 2004 through March 2007, Mr. MacKinnon was a Managing Director at Nomura Securities International where he managed the North American Structured Credit Trading businesses including commercial real estate and asset backed securities. Prior to joining Nomura, Mr. MacKinnon served as President and Chief Executive Officer of REALM, Inc., a privately owned real estate software and services company primarily owned by Hicks Muse Tate and Furst, CMGI and T.H. Lee Putnam Equity Partners. Prior to REALM, Mr. MacKinnon was co-head and co-founder of the Commercial Mortgage Group and Manager of the European Asset Securitization Group at Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette, DLJ ). Prior to joining 
 71 
 
 DLJ in 1992, Mr. MacKinnon worked in the Real Estate Finance Group at Salomon Brothers, Inc. on a variety of commercial real estate debt and equity transactions. Mr. MacKinnon also served on the board of directors for CRIIMI Mae, Inc. (NYSE: CMM) from 2001 to 2003. Mr. MacKinnon holds a B.A. in Economics from Ohio Wesleyan University and an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. MacKinnon s experience as Chief Operating Officer and President of RFT, his prior experience as an officer of Cole and his significant finance experience make him well qualified to serve as a member of our Board. 
 Catherine L. Lynch is our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, positions she has held since October 2016, and the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Advisor, positions she has held since August 2016. Ms. Lynch joined Inland in 1989 and has been a director of The Inland Group, LLC (formerly The Inland Group, Inc.) since June 2012. She serves as the Treasurer and Secretary (since January 1995), the Chief Financial Officer (since January 2011) and a director (since April 2011) of IREIC and as a director (since July 2000) and Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (since June 1995) of the Dealer Manager. She has served as the Chief Financial Officer of IREIT since April 2014 and as a director of IREIT s business manager since August 2011. Ms. Lynch also served as Chief Financial Officer of IRPT from December 2013 to October 2019 and has served as Chief Financial Officer of the business manager of IRPT since October 2014. Ms. Lynch also has served as Treasurer of Inland Capital Markets Group, Inc. from January 2008 through October 2010 and as a director of IPCC since May 2012. Ms. Lynch served as the Treasurer of the business manager of IRPT from December 2013 to October 2014, as a director and Treasurer of Inland Investment Advisors, Inc. from June 1995 to December 2014 and as a director and Treasurer of Inland Institutional Capital Partners Corporation from May 2006 to December 2014. Ms. Lynch worked for KPMG Peat Marwick LLP from 1980 to 1989. Ms. Lynch holds a B.S. in Accounting from Illinois State University. Ms. Lynch is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Illinois CPA Society. Ms. Lynch also is registered with FINRA as a financial operations principal. 
 Matthew Donnelly is our Chief Investment Officer, a position he has held since February 2022. He also serves as Head of Originations for our Sub-Advisor, a position he has held since October 2016. From February 2014 to March 2016, Mr. Donnelly was Head of Originations at Realty Finance Trust, Inc. where he oversaw the origination, underwriting and closing of more than 1.5 billion in bridge and mezzanine loans. From 2008 to 2014, Mr. Donnelly served as Head of Real Estate Finance for Cole Real Estate Investments and was responsible for over 10 billion in financings for the company's managed REITs. These financings included REIT-level corporate facilities as well as project-based loans. Prior to joining Cole, Mr. Donnelly was a Managing Director in real estate finance from 1999 to 2008 at Bear Stearns where he managed a team of junior originators and underwriters and was responsible for over 5 billion in CMBS and balance sheet loans. In 1995, Mr. Donnelly began his real estate finance career as a loan officer for Community Preservation Corporation, a non-profit lender focused on low income housing construction and rehabilitation loans on properties in New York City. Mr. Donnelly holds a B.A. in Economics from Fordham University and has a M.A. in Real Estate Investment from New York University. 
 Cathleen M. Hrtanek is our Secretary, a position she has held since March 2022, when she was promoted from Assistant Secretary, a position she had held since October 2016. She also serves as the Secretary of the Advisor, a position she has held since August 2016. Ms. Hrtanek joined Inland in 2005 and is currently an Assistant General Counsel and Senior Vice President of The Inland Real Estate Group, LLC. In her capacity as Assistant General Counsel, Ms. Hrtanek represents many of the entities that are part of Inland on a variety of legal matters. Ms. Hrtanek has served as the Secretary of Inland Opportunity Business Manager Advisor, Inc. since April 2009 and Secretary of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and its business manager since August 2011. Ms. Hrtanek also served as the Secretary of Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc. from September 2008 through July 2014 and its business manager from September 2008 through March 2016, and as the Secretary of Inland Private Capital Corporation from August 2009 to May 2017. Ms. Hrtanek is also the Secretary of Inland Venture Partners, LLC, MH Ventures Fund II, Inc., Inland Ventures MHC Manager, LLC and MH Ventures II Business Manager, LLC. Prior to joining Inland, Ms. Hrtanek had been employed by Wildman Harrold Allen Dixon LLP in Chicago, Illinois since September 2001. Ms. Hrtanek has been admitted to practice law in the State of Illinois and holds a B.A. in Political Science and French from the University of Notre Dame and a J.D. from Loyola University Chicago School of Law. 
 Norman A. Feinstein is one of our independent directors, a position he has held since October 2016. Mr. Feinstein currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Aspen Real Estate Capital, LLC, a real estate advisory firm, and has served in this role since October 1, 2019. Previously, Mr. Feinstein served as Vice Chairman of The Hampshire Companies Hampshire ), a full-service, privately held, fully-integrated real estate firm with assets valued at over 2.5 billion, from December 1998 to October 2019. While at Hampshire, Mr. Feinstein also served as Fund Manager of The Hampshire Generational Fund and as a member of Hampshire s Investment Committee since January 2005. In his prior role, he also sourced acquisitions and new opportunities and engaged with investors on behalf of Hampshire. Prior to joining Hampshire in 1998, Mr. Feinstein had been a practicing attorney for more than 25 years, specializing in real estate law. During his career, he was a real estate owner and operator of commercial and residential properties and has served as President and Counsel to the New Jersey Apartment Association and was a Regional Vice President of the National Apartment Association. Mr. Feinstein also serves as a member of the board of directors of Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and Malvern Federal Savings Bank since June 2016. Mr. Feinstein holds a B.A. in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences from the University of Connecticut and a J.D. from Suffolk University Law School. We believe that Mr. Feinstein s commercial real estate experience makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our Board. 
 72 
 
 Cynthia Foster Curry is one of our independent directors, a position she has held since October 2016. Ms. Foster Curry has served as the Chief Revenue Officer of LEX-Markets since January 2021, a commercial real estate marketplace that takes commercial buildings public through single-asset initial public offerings. From January 2015 to January 2021, Ms. Foster Curry served as President, National Office Brokerage and Valuation of Colliers International Colliers ), where she lead Colliers national office platform across service lines including office leasing, tenant and landlord representation, investment sales, leasing agency, property management and valuation. Prior to joining Colliers, Ms. Foster Curry served as Executive Managing Director at Cushman Wakefield Inc. from June 2001 to January 2015. Ms. Foster Curry has also worked in the real estate investment banking group at Lazard Ltd., where she focused on large portfolio restructurings. Ms. Foster has over 25 years of experience leading significant commercial real estate transactions and developing new business initiatives for multinational clients across a wide geographic range. Ms. Foster Curry currently serves as Vice Chairperson and Trustee of the Urban Land Institute and as the Colliers delegate for the Urban Land Institute Real Estate Round Table. Ms. Foster Curry is a co-founder of the Committee of Professional Women, and she serves as a member of the Board of Trustees and the executive committee for the Hospital for Special Surgery, the Board of Advisors for the Westchester Children s Museum and the Board of Trustees for the Museum for the City of New York. Ms. Foster Curry holds a B.A. in the History of Science from Skidmore College and an M.B.A. from Harvard University. Ms. Foster Curry is a licensed real estate broker in the State of New York. We believe that Ms. Foster Curry s 25 years of experience in commercial real estate transactions make her well qualified to serve as a member of our Board. 
 Robert N. Jenkins is one of our independent directors, a position he has held since October 2016. Mr. Jenkins has also served as Executive Vice President of Municipal Capital Appreciation Partners MCAP ), from June 2016 until May 2021, where he was responsible for multifamily acquisitions and dispositions, and fund marketing and administration. Prior to joining MCAP, Mr. Jenkins served as Executive Director at W. P. Carey Inc. from January 2003 to March 2016, where he was responsible for the mortgage financing activities in the domestic net leased portfolio and for hotel acquisition financing in two managed funds. Previously, Mr. Jenkins was a Vice President at MetLife Real Estate Investments, where he headed the Real Estate Capital Markets Group and served as a senior member of the real estate department. Prior to joining MetLife Real Estate Investments, Mr. Jenkins worked for several real estate firms, including Eastdil Secured, LLC and Trammell Crow Company. Mr. Jenkins holds a B.A. in English from Colorado College and an M.B.A. from Columbia University Graduate School of Business. We believe that Mr. Jenkins commercial real estate and finance experience makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our Board. 
 Board of Directors 
 General 
 We operate under the direction of our Board, the members of which are accountable to us and our stockholders as fiduciaries. Our Board is responsible for directing the management of our business and affairs. Our Board has retained the Advisor which is responsible for coordinating the management of our day-to-day operations. The Advisor has retained the Sub-Advisor to provide certain of its advisory services on its behalf including originating, acquiring and managing our investments, subject to the supervision of our Board. 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that the number of our directors may be established by a majority of our Board and our charter has initially set the number of directors at five. Our bylaws further provide that the number of directors may not be more than 15. Our charter also provides that a majority of our directors must be independent of us, the Advisor and our respective affiliates except for a period of 60 days after the death, resignation or removal of an independent director pending the election of his or her successor. We currently have five directors, three of whom are independent, as defined in our charter and by the independence rules of the New York Stock Exchange. An independent director is a director who is not and has not for the last two years been associated, directly or indirectly, with the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor. Since the commencement of our IPO, our charter has required that at all times at least one of our independent directors must have at least three years of relevant real estate experience. We refer to any director who is not independent as an affiliated director. At the first meeting of our Board consisting of a majority of independent directors, our charter was reviewed and approved by a vote of our Board, including a majority of our independent directors, in accordance with the requirements of the North American Securities Administrators Association Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts. 
 Each director will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. Although the number of directors may be increased or decreased, a decrease will not have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director. 
 Any director may resign at any time and may be removed with or without cause by the stockholders upon the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. The notice of any special meeting called to remove a director will indicate that the purpose, or one of the purposes, of the meeting is to determine if the director will be removed. 
 Advisor and Sub-Advisor Board Nomination Rights 
 Our bylaws require that nominees for election as a director, whether by the stockholders or by the Board, shall include such number of individuals as are entitled to be designated for nomination pursuant to the Advisory Agreement and the Sub-Advisory Agreement between the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor (the Sub-Advisory Agreement ). For so long as the Advisory Agreement and the 
 73 
 
 Sub-Advisory Agreement are in effect, and subject to our charter and bylaws, the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor shall each have the right to designate for nomination, subject to the approval of such nomination by our Board, one director to the slate to be voted on by the stockholders; provided however, that in the event the number of directors constituting the Board is increased by a vote of the Board pursuant to the charter and bylaws, such number of director nominees which each of the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor is entitled shall be increased as necessary by a number that will result in such nominees representing not less than 20 of the total number of directors. We refer to the director designated for nomination by the Advisor as the Advisor affiliated director nominee and the director designated for nomination by the Sub-Advisor as the Sub-Advisor affiliated director nominee. The Advisor and the Sub-Advisor shall also have the right to consult with each other and jointly designate for nomination, subject to the approval of such nomination by our Board, three individuals to serve as independent directors; provided, however, that in the event the number of directors constituting the Board is increased by a vote of our Board pursuant to our charter and bylaws, such number of independent director nominees which the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor are entitled to designate shall be increased as necessary by a number that will result in such nominees representing not less than the minimum number of independent directors required under applicable law and pursuant to our charter and bylaws. 
 Director Nominations 
 Proposals to elect directors at an annual or special meeting must be brought in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that nominations of individuals for election to the Board may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Company s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) by any stockholder of the Company who was a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder and at the time of the annual meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
 For any nomination to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to our corporate secretary. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must set forth all information required under Section 11 of our bylaws and must be delivered to the secretary at our principal executive office not earlier than the 150th day nor later than 5:00 p.m., Central Time, on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that in connection with the Company s first annual meeting or in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the 150th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Central Time, on the later of the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as originally convened, or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting does not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in the notice of the special meeting may be brought at that meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (i) by or at the direction of the Board or (ii) provided that the special meeting has been called for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the Company who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, at the time of giving of notice and at the time of the special meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in Section 11 of our bylaws. In the event the Company calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board, any stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Company s notice of meeting, if the stockholder s notice, containing the information required by Section 11 of our bylaws, is delivered to our corporate secretary at our principal executive office not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Central Time, on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting does not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 74 
 
 Director Vacancies 
 A vacancy created by the death, resignation, adjudicated incompetence or other incapacity of a director or a vacancy following the removal of a director may be filled by a vote of a majority of the remaining directors, and a vacancy created by an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a vote of a majority of the entire Board. In the case of a vacancy in the position of the Advisor affiliated director nominee or the Sub-Advisor affiliated director nominee, the director to be elected by the Board to fill the vacancy must also be nominated by the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor, as applicable. In the case of the vacancy regarding an independent director position, the director must also be nominated by the remaining independent directors in consultation with the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor, in accordance with their nomination rights as set forth in our bylaws and the Advisory Agreement and the Sub-Advisory Agreement. If there are no remaining independent directors, then a majority vote of the remaining directors will be sufficient to fill a vacancy among our independent directors positions. If at any time there are no independent or affiliated directors in office, successor directors will be elected by the stockholders. Any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 Responsibilities of Directors 
 The responsibilities of our Board include the following: 
 approve and oversee our overall investment strategy, which consists of elements such as investment selection criteria, diversification strategies and asset disposition strategies; 

establish investment guidelines that govern our investments in CRE debt and securities, and equity investments in single-tenant, net leased properties and limit the types of investments that may be originated or acquired and, depending on the type of transaction, the extent to which the Sub-Advisor may execute investment and disposition transactions without specific board approval; 

approve and oversee our debt financing strategies; 

approve and monitor the relationship among us, our operating partnership, the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor; 

review our fees and expenses on at least an annual basis and with sufficient frequency to determine that the expenses incurred are in the best interest of our stockholders; 

adopt valuation guidelines to be used in connection with the calculation of our NAV and monitor compliance with the valuation guidelines; 

determine our distribution policy and authorize distributions from time to time; and 

oversee our SRP. 

In order to address potential conflicts of interest, our charter requires that a majority of our Board (including a majority of the independent directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction approve any transaction with any of our directors, Inland, Sound Point or affiliates of any of the foregoing. The independent directors are also responsible for reviewing the performance of the Advisor at least annually and determining that the compensation to be paid to the Advisor is reasonable in relation to the nature and quality of services performed and that the provisions of the Advisory Agreement are being carried out. 
 In fulfilling his or her duties to us, each director will be bound by our charter. The directors are not required to devote all of their time to our business and are only required to devote the time to our affairs as their duties may require. Our Board will generally meet quarterly or more frequently if necessary, in addition to meetings of the various committees of our Board described below. It is not expected that the directors will be required to devote a substantial portion of their time to discharge their duties as directors. Consequently, in the exercise of their fiduciary responsibilities, the directors will rely heavily on the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor. 
 Compensation of Directors 
 For information relating to the compensation of our Board, see Item 11, Executive Compensation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Committees of our Board of Directors 
 Our Board is responsible for supervising our entire business. However, pursuant to our charter, our Board may delegate some of its powers to one or more committees as deemed appropriate by the Board, provided that each committee consists of at least a majority of independent directors. 
 Audit Committee 
 Our Board has established an audit committee, which consists of Norman A. Feinstein, Cynthia Foster Curry and Robert N. Jenkins, each of whom is an independent director. Robert N. Jenkins serves as the chairman of our audit committee and as an audit committee 
 75 
 
 financial expert as that term is defined by the SEC. The audit committee assists our Board in overseeing our accounting and financial reporting processes, the integrity and audits of our financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of our internal and independent registered public accounting firm. In addition, the audit committee selects the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our annual financial statements and reviews with the independent registered public accounting firm the plans and results of the audit engagement. The audit committee also approves the audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm and the fees we pay for these services. 
 Appointment and Removal of Officers 
 Our Board shall have the authority to appoint and remove our officers in its sole discretion. The Advisor and the Sub-Advisor have agreed to consult with each other and jointly agree upon any officers recommended to our Board for appointment. If an officer jointly recommended by the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor to serve as an officer is not appointed to hold the designated office by our Board following appointment by our Board is no longer retained as such officer as a result of death, disability, retirement, resignation or removal, the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor have agreed to consult with each other and jointly recommend a replacement for such officer subject to approval by our Board. 
 Code of Ethics 
 Our Board has adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. Copies of the code of ethics, including any amendments and waivers thereto, are available to any stockholder, without charge, (i) on our website at www.inland-investments.com/inpoint or (ii) by writing us at 2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523, Attention: Investor Services. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 Compensation of Executive Officers 
 We do not currently have any employees nor do we currently intend to hire any employees who will be compensated directly by us. Each of our executive officers, including our executive officers who serve as directors, is employed by IREIC, Sound Point, or their affiliates and receive compensation for his or her services, including services performed for us on behalf of the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor, from IREIC or Sound Point, as applicable. 
 Compensation of Directors 
 The following table summarizes compensation earned by the independent directors for the year ended December 31, 2022 in thousands). 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 

Stock Awards 

Options Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 

All Other Compensation (1) 

Total Compensation 

Norman A. Feinstein 

25 

10 

3 

38 

Cynthia Foster Curry 

25 

10 

3 

38 

Robert N. Jenkins 

31 

10 

3 

44 

(1) Represents the value of distributions received during the year ended December 31, 2022 on all stock awards received through December 31, 2022. 

Cash Compensation 
 We pay each of our independent directors a retainer of 20,000 per year plus 1,000 for each board meeting the director attends in person 500 for each board committee meeting) and 500 for each board meeting the director attends by telephone 350 for each board committee meeting). We also pay our audit committee chairperson an annual fee of 5,000. Our independent directors may elect to receive their annual retainer in cash, unrestricted Class I shares, or both. 
 All directors receive reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of our Board. If a director is also one of our officers, or is an employee of the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor, we will not pay any compensation to such person for services rendered as a director. 
 76 
 
 Stock Compensation 
 Our Board has adopted an independent director compensation plan, which operates as a sub-plan of our independent director restricted share plan, which we use to attract and retain directors. Our restricted share plan offers our independent directors an opportunity to participate in our growth through awards in the form of, or based on, our common stock. The restricted share plan authorizes the granting of restricted stock, restricted or deferred stock units, dividend equivalents, and cash-based awards to independent directors for participation in the plan. Our Board will administer the restricted share plan, with sole authority to determine all of the terms and conditions of the awards. No awards will be granted under the plan if the grant or vesting of the awards would jeopardize our status as a REIT under the Code or otherwise violate the ownership and transfer restrictions imposed under our charter. Unless otherwise determined by our Board, no award granted under the plan will be transferable except through the laws of descent and distribution. 
 Our Board has authorized Class I shares for issuance under the restricted share plan. However, no awards shall be granted under the restricted share plan on any date on which the aggregate number of shares subject to awards previously issued under the restricted share plan, together with the proposed awards to be granted on such date, exceeds 5 of the number of outstanding shares of common stock on such date. In the event of a transaction between our company and our stockholders that causes the per-share value of our common stock to change (including, without limitation, a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, rights offering or large nonrecurring cash dividend), the share authorization limits under the plan will be adjusted proportionately and our Board will make adjustments to the restricted share plan and awards as it deems necessary, in its sole discretion, to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights immediately resulting from the transaction. In the event of a stock split, a stock dividend or a combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of common stock into a lesser number of shares, the authorization limits under the plan will automatically be adjusted proportionately and the shares then subject to each award will automatically be adjusted proportionately without any change in the aggregate purchase price. 
 Our Board may, in its sole discretion at any time, determine that all or a portion of a participant s awards will become fully vested. Our Board may discriminate among participants or among awards in exercising its discretion. The restricted share plan will automatically expire on the tenth anniversary of the date on which it was approved by our Board and stockholders, unless extended or earlier terminated by our Board. Our Board may terminate the plan at any time. The expiration or other termination of the plan will not, without the participant s consent, have an adverse impact on any award that is outstanding at the time the plan expires or is terminated. Our Board may amend the plan at any time, but no amendment will adversely affect any award without the participant s consent and no amendment to the plan will be effective without the approval of our stockholders if such approval is required by any law, regulation or rule applicable to the plan. 
 Under the independent director restricted share plan and subject to such plan s conditions and restrictions, each of our independent directors will automatically receive 10,000 in restricted Class I shares on the date of each annual stockholders meeting or, if no annual meeting, in December of each year. Such restricted shares will generally vest over a three-year period following the grant date in increments of 33 1 3 per annum; provided, however, that restricted stock will become fully vested on the earlier occurrence of: (i) the termination of the independent director s service as a director due to his or her death or disability; or (ii) a liquidity event. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 We currently do not have a compensation committee of our Board because we do not plan to pay any compensation to our officers. There are no interlocks or insider participation as to compensation decisions required to be disclosed pursuant to SEC regulations. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 29, 2023, the amount of our common stock beneficially owned (unless otherwise indicated) by: (i) any person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; (ii) each of our directors; (iii) each of our executive officers; and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers in the aggregate. Unless 
 77 
 
 otherwise noted, the address for each of the persons or entities named in the following table is 2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523. 

Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) 

Name 
 
 Number of Shares 

Percentage (2) 

Mitchell A. Sabshon (3) 

50,588 

Donald MacKinnon (4) 

29,492 

Norman A. Feinstein 

6,842 

Cynthia Foster Curry 

12,842 

Robert N. Jenkins 

6,842 

Catherine L. Lynch 

600 

Matthew Donnelly (4) 

Cathleen M. Hrtanek 

200 

All officers and directors as a group (8 persons) 

107,406 

1.1 

Less than 1 
 (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Under SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of, such security, or investment power, which includes the right to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person also is deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities which that person has a right to acquire within 60 days. Except as otherwise indicated by footnote, and subject to community property laws where applicable, the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 

(2) Based on a total of 10,114,471 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 29, 2023. 

(3) The shares owned by the Advisor are deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Sabshon. Mr. Sabshon exercises control over the Advisor but does not have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares owned by the Advisor. 

(4) The address of such person is 375 Park Avenue, 33 rd Floor, New York, New York 10152. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table sets forth information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our independent director restricted share plan as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity Compensation Plans approved by security holders 

496,642 

Equity Compensation Plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

496,642 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 We are subject to various conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their affiliates (including, without limitation, the Dealer Manager) and employees, some of whom serve as our executive officers and directors. These conflicts include (1) conflicts with respect to the allocation of the time of the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their key personnel, (2) conflicts with respect to the allocation of investment opportunities and (3) conflicts related to the compensation arrangements between the Advisor, its affiliates and us. Our independent directors have an obligation to function on our behalf in all situations in which a conflict of interest may arise. All of our directors have a fiduciary obligation to act on behalf of our stockholders. We have adopted corporate governance measures to mitigate material conflict risk. Material conflicts and the corporate governance measures we have adopted to mitigate some of the risks associated with these conflicts are discussed below. 
 78 
 
 For more information on the related party transactions, including the fees paid to related parties, see Note 11 Transactions with Related Parties in the notes to the financial statements below. 
 Interests of the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and Their Affiliates in Other Real Estate Programs 
 We rely on the real estate professionals employed by, and acting on behalf of, the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor to source and manage our investments. Certain members of the Advisor s and the Sub-Advisor s management teams are presently, and in the future intend to be, involved with a number of other real estate programs and activities. Existing funds that the Advisor s and the Sub-Advisor s management teams are involved with may directly compete with us for investment opportunities because the programs also may seek to provide investors with an attractive level of current income by means of stable distributions from investments in or related to real estate as an asset class. 
 The Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their affiliates are not prohibited from engaging, directly or indirectly, in any other business or from possessing interests in any other business venture or ventures, including businesses and ventures involved in the acquisition, ownership, development, management, leasing or sale of real property or the origination, acquisition, ownership, management and disposition of real estate-related assets. None of the entities affiliated with the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor are prohibited from raising money for another entity that makes the same types of investments that we target, and we may co-invest with any such entity. Any such potential co-investment will be subject to approval by our independent directors. 
 Competition for Originating, Acquiring, Managing and Selling Investments 
 The Advisor has delegated to the Sub-Advisor the duty to identify, negotiate, originate and acquire our investments and to provide portfolio management, disposition, property management and leasing services for our assets on our behalf. As a result, certain investment opportunities may not be available to us in the future. 
 Our investment strategy is expected to overlap with the investment strategy of two other client accounts managed by our Sub-Advisor or its affiliates and may overlap with others in the future. Our Sub-Advisor has prepared written investment allocation guidelines regarding the allocation of investment opportunities between us and other Sound Point accounts, which have been approved by our Advisor and our Board and are described below. 
 If a certain investment opportunity is deemed suitable for both us and one or more other Sound Point accounts, the Sub-Advisor or its affiliates will determine which program is ultimately awarded the right to pursue the investment in accordance with the investment allocation guidelines. The Sub-Advisor is required to provide information to our Board to enable our Board, including the independent directors, to determine whether such procedures are being fairly applied to us. 
 Sound Point has adopted the investment allocation guidelines to address conflicts of interest arising from its allocation of investment opportunities and to ensure the fair and equitable allocation of investments among us and other Sound Point accounts consistent with its fiduciary obligations. Sound Point will screen the suitability of each investment opportunity for each account based on the following Screening Criteria: liquidity position (i.e., sufficiency of available cash to make and support the investment or need to raise cash); strategic investment objectives; appropriateness of investment based on current portfolio composition, including loan-type, loan-size, asset-type and geographic or borrower diversity; time horizon; tax sensitivity; and any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, or governing document applicable covenants or asset tests/restrictions. 
 Since bespoke whole commercial real estate loan investments are not divisible and cannot be allocated pro rata as a general matter, Sound Point will allocate investment opportunities on a pre-determined rotational order and maintain a record of such rotational allocations. Any new account will be added to the bottom of the rotational queue. If, upon due consideration of the Screening Criteria, Sound Point reasonably determines in its discretion that an investment opportunity is suitable and appropriate for the account then atop the rotational queue, the investment opportunity shall be allocated to such account which shall thereupon be moved to the bottom of the rotational queue and all other accounts shall retain their respective relative existing positions in the rotational queue. If, however, upon due consideration of the Screening Criteria, Sound Point reasonably determines in its discretion that an investment opportunity is not suitable and appropriate for the account then atop the rotational queue, the investment opportunity shall be reviewed for suitability with respect to the next account in chronological order in the rotational queue. If Sound Point reasonably determines in its discretion that an investment opportunity is suitable and appropriate for the account then in the second chronological position in the rotational queue, the investment opportunity shall be allocated to such account which shall thereupon be moved to the bottom of the rotational queue and all other accounts shall retain their respective relative existing positions in the rotational queue. If, however, upon consideration of the Screening Criteria, Sound Point reasonably determines in its discretion that an investment opportunity is not suitable and appropriate for the account then in the second chronological position in the rotational queue, the investment opportunity shall be reviewed for suitability with respect to the next account in chronological order in the rotational queue. This process continues until the investment opportunity is deemed suitable for the account with the highest chronological priority in the rotational queue and is, thus, allocated the investment opportunity and thereupon moved to the bottom of the rotational queue. 
 79 
 
 Our executive officers, certain of our directors and their affiliates also have, and may continue to, acquire or develop CRE-related assets for their own accounts. Furthermore, our executive officers, certain of our directors and their affiliates may form additional CRE-related investment programs in the future, whether public or private, which can be expected to have the same or similar investment objectives and targeted assets as we have, and such persons may be engaged in sponsoring one or more of such programs at approximately the same time as our IPO. The Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, their employees and certain of their affiliates and related parties will experience conflicts of interest as they simultaneously perform investment services for us and other real estate programs that they sponsor or have involvement with. 
 Allocation of Time of the Advisor s and the Sub-Advisor s Key Personnel 
 We rely on the personnel of the Advisor and its affiliates to manage our day-to-day activities, and we rely on the personnel of the Sub-Advisor to implement our investment strategy. Certain of our officers and non-independent directors are also employees of either the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor and certain of their affiliates, and these individuals are presently, and plan in the future to continue to be, involved with real estate programs and activities which are unrelated to us. As a result, these individuals may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time between us and other activities in which they are or may become involved. The Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their employees will devote only as much of their time to our business as the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor, in their respective judgment, determine is reasonably required, which, with respect to each individual, may be substantially less than full time. Therefore, the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their employees may experience conflicts of interest in allocating management s time and services among us and other real estate programs or business ventures that the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor or their affiliates manage. This could result in actions that are more favorable to other entities affiliated with the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor than to us. However, the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor have assured us that they and their affiliates have, and will continue to have, sufficient personnel to discharge fully their responsibilities to all of the activities in which they are involved. 
 Receipt of Fees and Other Compensation by the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor 
 The Advisory Agreement is not the result of arm s-length negotiations. As a result, the fees we agree to pay pursuant to the Advisory Agreement may exceed what we would pay to an independent third party. The Advisory Agreement has been approved by a majority of our directors, including a majority of the independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction as being fair and reasonable to us and on terms and conditions not less favorable than those which could be obtained from unaffiliated entities. 
 The Advisor will receive substantial fees from us, and the Sub-Advisor will receive substantial fees from the Advisor. These compensation arrangements could influence the Advisor s and the Sub-Advisor s advice to us, as well as the judgment of the personnel of the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor who serve as our officers or directors. Among other matters, the compensation arrangements could affect the judgment of the Advisor s and the Sub-Advisor s personnel with respect to: 
 the continuation, renewal or enforcement of the Advisory Agreement, and the amounts we pay under such agreement; 

the advisory fee that we pay to the Advisor is based upon the valuation of our investment portfolio as determined in connection with our determination of NAV, and the Advisor has authority under certain circumstances to adjust the value of certain of our real estate-related assets; 

the Advisor could be motivated to recommend riskier or more speculative investments in order for us to generate the specified levels of performance that would entitle the Advisor to incentive compensation through the performance component of the advisory fee; and 

the decision to buy or sell an asset based on whether it will increase or decrease our NAV as opposed to whether it is the most suitable investment for our portfolio. 

We will pay the advisory fee regardless of the quality of the services that the Advisor provides during the term of the Advisory Agreement. The Advisor, however, has a fiduciary duty to us. If the Advisor fails to act in our best interest, then it will have violated this duty. The Advisory Agreement may be terminated by us or the Advisor on 60 days prior written notice. 
 Joint Venture and Co-ownership Arrangements with Affiliates 
 Subject to approval by our Board and the separate approval of our independent directors, we may enter into joint ventures, participations or other arrangements with affiliates of the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor to acquire CRE debt and other CRE investments. In conjunction with any such arrangements, the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their affiliates may have conflicts of interest in determining which of such entities should enter into any particular agreements. Our affiliated partners may have economic or business interests or goals which are or that may become inconsistent with our business interests or goals. In addition, should any such arrangements be consummated, the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor may face a conflict in structuring the terms of the relationship between our interests and the interest of the affiliated partner, in managing the arrangement and in resolving any conflicts or exercising any rights in connection with the arrangements. Since the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor will make various decisions on our behalf, agreements and transactions between the Advisor s and the Sub-Advisor s affiliates and us as partners with respect to any such venture will not have the benefit of 
 80 
 
 arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties. The Advisor, the Sub-Advisor or their affiliates may receive various fees for providing services to the joint venture, including but not limited to an advisory fee, with respect to the proportionate interest in the properties held by our joint venture partners. 
 In evaluating investments and other management strategies, the opportunity to earn these fees may lead the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor to place undue emphasis on criteria relating to its compensation at the expense of other criteria, such as preservation of capital, in order to achieve higher short-term compensation. We may enter into ventures with the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, our directors or their affiliates for the acquisition of investments or co-investments, but only if: (i) a majority of our directors, including a majority of the independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction approve the transaction as being fair and reasonable to us; and (ii) the investment by us and the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, such directors or such affiliate are on substantially the same terms and conditions. If we enter into a joint venture with any of our affiliates, the fees payable to the Advisor by us would be based on our share of the investment. 
 Certain Conflict Resolution Measures 
 Our charter contains many restrictions relating to conflicts of interest, including those described below. 
 Advisor Compensation 
 The independent directors evaluate at least annually whether the compensation that we contract to pay to the Advisor is reasonable in relation to the nature and quality of services performed and whether such compensation is within the limits prescribed by our charter. The independent directors supervise the performance of the Advisor and the compensation we pay to it to determine whether the provisions of the Advisory Agreement are being carried out. 
 Term of Advisory Agreement 
 The current term of the Advisory Agreement ends December 31, 2022, subject to renewals upon mutual consent of the parties, including an affirmative vote of a majority of our independent directors, for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods. It is the duty of our Board to evaluate the performance of the Advisor before renewing the Advisory Agreement. The criteria used in these evaluations will be reflected in the minutes of the meetings of our Board in which the evaluations occur. The Advisory Agreement may be terminated without cause or penalty by us upon a vote of a majority of the independent directors, or by the Advisor, in each case by providing no fewer than 60 days prior written notice to the other party. 
 Certain Transactions with Affiliates 
 In order to reduce the conflicts inherent in transactions with affiliates, our charter prohibits us from purchasing, selling or leasing assets from or to the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, any of our directors or affiliates of any of the foregoing. In addition, we may not make any loans to the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, any of our directors or affiliates of any of the foregoing. Our charter also prohibits us from investing in indebtedness secured by a mortgage on real property which is subordinate to any mortgage or equity interest of the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, our directors or any of our affiliates. 
 Our charter prohibits us from borrowing funds from the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, any of our directors or affiliates of any of the foregoing unless approved by a majority of our Board, including a majority of our independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction as fair, competitive and commercially reasonable, and on terms not less favorable to us than comparable loans between unaffiliated parties under the same or similar circumstances. This prohibition on loans will only apply to advances of cash that are commonly viewed as loans, as determined by our Board. By way of example only, the prohibition on loans would not restrict advances of cash for legal expenses or other costs incurred as a result of any legal action for which indemnification is being sought, nor would the prohibition limit our ability to advance reimbursable expenses incurred by directors or officers, the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor or affiliates of any of the foregoing. 
 A majority of our directors, including a majority of the independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction, must conclude that all other transactions between us and the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, any of our directors or affiliates of any of the foregoing are fair and reasonable to us and on terms and conditions not less favorable to us than those available from unaffiliated third parties. Our independent directors are specifically charged with the duty to examine, and have examined, the fairness of such transactions, and have determined that all such transactions occurring in the year ended December 31, 2022 are fair and reasonable to us and on terms no less favorable to us than those available from unaffiliated third parties. 
 Our charter prohibits us from paying a fee to the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, our directors or affiliates of any of the foregoing in connection with our repurchase of our common stock. 
 81 
 
 The Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, our directors and their affiliates may not vote their shares regarding (1) the removal of any of them or (2) any transaction between them and us. In determining the requisite percentage in interest of shares necessary to approve a matter on which the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor, our directors and their affiliates may not vote, any shares owned by them will not be included. 
 Expense Limitation Agreement 
 Pursuant to an expense limitation agreement (the Expense Limitation Agreement dated July 1, 2021, the Advisor and Sub-Advisor agree to waive reimbursement of or pay, on a quarterly basis, certain of the Company s ordinary operating expenses for each class of shares to the extent necessary to ensure that the ordinary operating expenses do not exceed 1.5 of the average monthly net assets on an annualized basis (the 1.5 Expense Limit ). Amounts waived or paid by the Advisor or Sub-Advisor pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement are subject to conditional repayment on a quarterly basis by the Company during the three years following the quarter in which the expenses were incurred, but only to the extent such repayment does not cause the Company to exceed its then-current expenses limitation, if any, for such quarter. Any waiver or reimbursement by the Advisor or Sub-Advisor not repaid by the Company within the three-year period will be deemed permanently waived and not subject to repayment under the Expense Limitation Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of ordinary operating expenses either submitted for reimbursement by the Advisor and Sub-Advisor or incurred by the Company directly that was subject to the Expense Limitation Agreement did not exceed the 1.5 Expense Limit. 
 Separately from the limitation on ordinary operating expenses under the Expense Limitation Agreement, the Advisor and Sub-Advisor voluntarily chose not to seek reimbursement for certain expenses that they incurred or paid on behalf of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022, and for which they may have been entitled to be reimbursed. The Advisory Agreement and Sub-Advisory Agreement provide that expenses will be submitted monthly to the Company for reimbursement, and the amount of expenses submitted for reimbursement in any particular month is not necessarily indicative of the total amount of expenses actually incurred by the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor in providing services to the Company and for which reimbursement could have been received by the Advisor or Sub-Advisor. 
 Revolving Credit Liquidity Letter Agreements 
 IREIC, the Company s sponsor, and Sound Point have agreed under separate letter agreements dated July 20, 2021, and July 15, 2021, respectively, to make revolving credit loans to the Company in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time not to exceed 5,000 and 15,000, respectively (the IREIC-Sound Point Commitments from time to time until the Termination Date (defined below) of the letter agreements. These letter agreements are identical to each other in all material respects other than the commitment amounts. Use of the IREIC-Sound Point Commitments is limited to satisfying requirements to maintain cash or cash equivalents under the Company s repurchase and other borrowing arrangements. The Termination Date is the earliest of (i) the Maturity Dated (defined below) (ii) the first date on which the Company s balance sheet equity is equal to or greater than 500,000, (iii) the date IREIC or one of its affiliates is no longer the Company s Advisor or Sound Point or one of its affiliates is no longer the Company s Sub-Advisor and (iv) such earlier date on which the commitment will terminate as provided in the letter agreements, for example, because of an event of default. The Maturity Date is one year from the date of the agreement, and the Maturity Date will be automatically extended every year for an additional year, unless (a) the lender delivers notice of termination 60 days prior to an anniversary of the letter agreements or (b) and Event of Default (defined below) has occurred and is continuing. Each revolving loan will bear interest at 6.00 per annum. Interest is payable in arrears when principal is paid or repaid and on the Termination Date. Each of the following constitutes an Event of Default under the letter agreements: (y) the Company fails to perform or observe any covenant or condition to be performed or observed under the letter agreement (including the obligation to repay a loan in full on the Termination Date) and such failure is not remedied within three business days of its receipt of notice thereof; or (z) the Company becomes insolvent or the subject of any bankruptcy proceeding. 
 Director Independence 
 For information relating to our independent directors, see Item 10, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 82 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . 
 The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by KPMG for the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with fees for audit-related services and tax services rendered by KPMG for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Audit fees (1) 

425 

440 

Audit-related fees 

Tax fees (2) 

45 

41 

All other fees 

Total 

470 

481 

____________ 

(1) Audit fees consist of fees incurred for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and the review of our financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as fees relating to registration statements. 

(2) Tax fees are comprised of tax compliance and tax consulting fees incurred and billed during the respective years. 

Approval of Services and Fees 
 Our audit committee has reviewed and approved all of the fees charged by KPMG and actively monitors the relationship between audit and non-audit services provided by KPMG. The audit committee concluded that all services rendered by KPMG during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were consistent with maintaining KPMG s independence. Accordingly, the audit committee has approved all of the services provided by KPMG. As a matter of policy, we will not engage our primary independent registered public accounting firm for non-audit services other than audit-related services, as defined by the SEC, certain tax services and other permissible non-audit services except as specifically approved by the chairperson of the audit committee and presented to the full committee at its next regular meeting. We also follow limits on hiring partners of, and other professionals employed by, KPMG to ensure that the SEC s auditor independence rules are satisfied. 
 The audit committee must pre-approve any engagements to render services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm and the fees charged for these services including an annual review of audit fees, audit-related fees, tax fees and other fees with specific dollar value limits for each category of service. During the year, the chairperson of the audit committee will monitor the levels of fees charged by KPMG and compare these fees to the amounts previously approved. The chairperson periodically will report the results of such monitoring to the audit committee. The audit committee also will consider on a case-by-case basis and, if appropriate, approve specific engagements that are not otherwise pre-approved. Any proposed engagement that does not fit within the definition of a pre-approved service may be presented to the chairperson of the audit committee for approval. 
 83 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements : The financial statements are contained herein on pages 91 - 123 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules: Refer to Index to Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein on page 89 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits: Refer to Exhibit Index on page 85 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 
 The Company has elected not to provide summary information. 
 
 84 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed May 2, 2017 and incorporated by reference) 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 30, 2019 and incorporated by reference) 

3.3 
 
 Articles Supplementary of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 30, 2019 and incorporated by reference) 

3.4 
 
 Articles Supplementary of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. designating the Series A Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Registrant s Form 8-A filed September 22, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Correction of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2019 and incorporated by reference) 

3.6 
 
 Bylaws of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed May 2, 2017 and incorporated by reference) 

4.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed April 28, 2022 and incorporated by reference) 

4.2 
 
 Form of certificate representing the Series A Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-A filed September 22, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2022 and incorporated by reference) 

10.1 
 
 Dealer Manager Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2019, by and between InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. and Inland Securities Corporation (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 30, 2019 and incorporated by reference) 

10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Dealer Manager Agreement (filed as Exhibit 1.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed on October 18, 2022 and incorporated by reference) 

10.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2021, by and among InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc., InPoint REIT Operating Partnership, LP, and Inland InPoint Advisor, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

10.4 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Sub-Advisory Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2021, between Inland InPoint Advisor, LLC and SPCRE InPoint Advisors, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

10.5 
 
 Limited Partnership Agreement of InPoint REIT Operating Partnership, LP, dated October 7, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed March 22, 2019 and incorporated by reference) 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Limited Partnership Agreement, dated January 30, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed March 22, 2019 and incorporated by reference) 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Limited Partnership Agreement of InPoint REIT Operating Partnership, LP, dated September 22, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

10.8 
 
 Independent Director Restricted Share Plan, effective October 25, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed May 2, 2017 and incorporated by reference) 

10.9 
 
 Independent Directors Compensation Plan, effective October 6, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 12, 2019 and incorporated by reference) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 12, 2019 and incorporated by reference) 

85 

10.11 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, between InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. and each of its officers and directors (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed May 2, 2017 and incorporated by reference) 

10.12 
 
 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2018, by and among Column Financial, Inc., as administrative agent, Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Cayman Islands Branch, Alpine Securitization LTD, and InPoint CS Loan, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report Form 8-K filed February 16, 2018 and incorporated by reference) 

10.13 
 
 Guaranty, dated as of February 15, 2018, by InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. in favor of Column Financial, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report Form 8-K filed February 16, 2018 and incorporated by reference) 

10.14 
 
 Amendment Nos. 1 through 4 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2018 by and among Column Financial, Inc. as administrative agent, Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Cayman Islands Branch, Alpine Securitization LTD, and InPoint CS Loan, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to Form S-11 filed April 11, 2022, and incorporated by reference) 

10.15 
 
 Omnibus Assignment, Assumption and Amendment, dated as of February 8, 2023, among Column Financial, Inc., Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Cayman Islands Branch, Alpine Securitization LTD, Atlas Securitized Products Investments 2, L.P., Inpoint CS Loan, LLC and InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. 

10.16 
 
 Uncommitted Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2019, by and between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and InPoint JPM Loan, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2019 and incorporated by reference) 

10.17 
 
 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2019, by InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. in favor JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2019 and incorporated by reference) 

10.18 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Independent Director Restricted Share Plan of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc., effective November 26, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 

10.19 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, between Western Alliance Bank and InPoint REIT Operating Partnership, LP (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

10.20 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 10, 2021, made by InPoint REIT Operating Partnership, LP to Western Alliance Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

10.21 
 
 Guaranty Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, executed by InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc., as Guarantor, for the benefit of Western Alliance Bank, as Lender (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

10.22 
 
 First Loan Modification Agreement, dated March 9, 2023, between InPoint REIT Operating Partnership, LP and Western Alliance Bank 

10.23 
 
 Agreement dated May 6, 2021, between InPoint JPM Loan LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, a national banking association, extending the maturity date of the Master Repurchase Agreement and reaffirming the Guarantee of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

10.24 
 
 Agreement dated May 3, 2022, between InPoint JPM Loan LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, national Association, a national banking association, extending the maturity date of the Master Repurchase Agreement and reaffirming the Guarantee of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 9, 2022 and incorporated by reference) 

10.25 
 
 Expense Limitation Agreement made as of July 1, 2021 by and among InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc., Inland InPoint Advisor, LLC, and SPCRE InPoint Advisors, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 8, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

86 

10.26 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated September 15, 2021, by and between the Company, the Operating Partnership, the Advisor and Raymond James Associates, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 16, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 

10.27 
 
 Master Participation Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2021, by and among InPoint REIT Operating Partnership, LP, and American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2022 and incorporated by reference) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included in the signature page) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Portions of the exhibit that are both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed have been omitted from the exhibit. Brackets [ ] have been used in the exhibit to indicate where information has been omitted. 
 87 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

INPOINT COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Name: 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

Each individual whose signature appears below hereby severally constitutes and appoints Mitchell A. Sabshon, Donald MacKinnon and Catherine L. Lynch, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done or by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Mitchell A. Sabshon 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Donald MacKinnon 
 
 President and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Donald MacKinnon 

By: 
 
 /s/ Catherine L. Lynch 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Catherine L. Lynch 
 
 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Norman A. Feinstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Norman A. Feinstein 

By: 
 
 /s/ Cynthia Foster Curry 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Cynthia Foster Curry 

By: 
 
 /s/ Robert N. Jenkins 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Robert N. Jenkins 

88 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 90 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 91 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 92 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 93 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 94 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 96 

89 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIS TERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule IV (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 30, 2023 

90 

INPOINT COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BA LANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Commercial mortgage loans at cost, net of allowance for loan loss of and , respectively 

Real estate owned, net of depreciation 

Finance lease right of use asset, net of amortization 

Deferred debt finance costs 

Accrued interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Repurchase agreements 

Credit facility payable 

Loan participations sold, net 

Finance lease liability 

Due to related parties 

Accrued interest payable 

Distributions payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized: 

Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Class P common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class T common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class S common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class D common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class I common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital (net of offering costs of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 91 

INPOINT COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Interest income: 

Interest income 

Less: Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net interest income 

Revenue from real estate owned 

Total income 

Operating expenses: 

Advisory fee 

Debt finance costs 

Directors compensation 

Professional service fees 

Real estate owned operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Other (loss) income: 

Provision for loan losses 

() 

() 

Realized loss on sale of commercial loan 

() 

Unrealized gain in value of real estate securities 

Realized loss on the sale of real estate securities 

() 

Total other (loss) income 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Series A Preferred Stock dividends 

Gain on repurchase and retirement of preferred stock 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

() 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

Weighted average number of shares 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 92 

INPOINT COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHA NGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Par Value Preferred Stock 

Par Value Common Stock 

Series A 

Class P 

Class A 

Class T 

Class S 

Class D 

Class I 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2019 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Common stock distributions declared 

() 

() 

Distribution reinvestment 

Redemptions 

() 

() 

Equity-based compensation 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

Net income 

Common stock distributions declared 

() 

() 

Preferred stock distributions declared 

() 

() 

Distribution reinvestment 

Redemptions 

() 

() 

() 

Equity-based compensation 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Repurchase and retirement of preferred stock 

() 

() 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

Net income 

Common stock distributions declared 

() 

() 

Preferred stock distributions declared 

() 

() 

Distribution reinvestment 

Redemptions 

() 

() 

Equity-based compensation 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 93 

INPOINT COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by operations: 

Net realized loss on real estate securities 

Net unrealized gain on real estate securities 

() 

Provision for loan losses 

Realized loss on sale of commercial loan 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Reduction in the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset 

Amortization of equity-based compensation 

Amortization of debt finance costs to operating expense 

Amortization of debt finance costs to interest expense 

Amortization of bond discount 

() 

Amortization of origination fees 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred exit fees 

Amortization of loan extension fees 
 
 () 

() 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accrued interest receivable 
 
 () 

() 

Accrued expenses 

Loan fees payable 

() 

Accrued interest payable 

() 

Due to related parties 
 
 () 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Origination of commercial loans 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Loan extension fees received on commercial loans 

Principal repayments of commercial loans 

Proceeds from sale of commercial loan 

Acquisition of real estate owned and capital expenditures 
 
 () 

() 

Real estate securities sold 

Real estate securities principal pay-down 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 
 () 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

Redemptions of common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Repurchase of preferred stock 
 
 () 

Payment of offering costs 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Proceeds from repurchase agreements 

Principal repayments of repurchase agreements 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Proceeds from credit facility 

Principal repayments of credit facility 
 
 () 

Proceeds from sale of loan participations 

Principal repayments of loan participations 
 
 () 

Debt finance costs 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Distributions paid to common stockholders 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Distributions paid to preferred stockholders 
 
 () 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 () 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 94 

INPOINT COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Amortization of deferred exit fees due to related party 

Interest paid 

Deferred interest capitalized on commercial loan 

Transfer of commercial loan on deed-in-lieu of foreclosure to real estate owned 

Accrued stockholder servicing fee due to related party 
 
 () 

() 

Distribution reinvestment 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 
 95 
 
 InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 in shares of Class P common stock Class P Shares ). Inland Securities Corporation, an affiliate of the Advisor (the Dealer Manager ), was the dealer manager for the Private Offering. On June 28, 2019, the Company terminated the Private Offering. The Company continued to accept Private Offering subscription proceeds through July 16, 2019 from subscription agreements executed no later than June 28, 2019. The Company issued Class P Shares in the Private Offering, resulting in gross proceeds of . On March 22, 2019, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-230465) (the Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to register up to in shares of common stock (the IPO ). On May 3, 2019, the SEC declared effective the Registration Statement and the Company commenced the IPO. The purchase price per share for each class of common stock in the IPO varies and generally equals the prior month s NAV per share, as determined monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. The Dealer Manager serves as the Company s exclusive dealer manager for the IPO on a best efforts basis. On April 28, 2022, the Company filed a Registration Statement of Form S-11 (File No. 333-264540) with the SEC to register up to in shares of common stock, which was declared effective by the SEC on November 2, 2022 (the Second Public Offering and collectively with the IPO, the Public Offerings ). On March 24, 2020, the Board suspended (i) the sale of shares in the IPO, (ii) the operation of the share repurchase plan (the SRP ), (iii) the payment of distributions to the Company s stockholders, and (iv) the operation of the distribution reinvestment plan (the DRP ), effective as of April 6, 2020. In determining to take these actions, the Board considered various factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, the inability to accurately calculate the Company s NAV per share due to uncertainty, volatility and lack of liquidity in the market, the Company s need for liquidity due to financing challenges related to additional collateral required by the banks that regularly finance the Company s assets and these uncertain and rapidly changing economic conditions. Though the Company did not calculate the NAV for the months of March through May 2020, the Advisor resumed calculating the NAV beginning as of June 30, 2020 following its determination that volatility in the market for the Company s investments had declined and the U.S. economic outlook had improved. In August 2020, the Company resumed paying distributions monthly to stockholders of record for all classes of its common stock. On October 1, 2020, the SEC declared effective the Company s post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, thereby permitting the Company to resume offers and sales of shares of common stock in the IPO, including through the DRP. On March 1, 2021, the SRP was reinstated for the Company s stockholders requesting repurchase of shares as a result of the death or qualified disability of the holder, and on July 1, 2021, the SRP was reinstated for all stockholders. In accordance with the terms of the SRP that allow the Company to repurchase fewer shares than the maximum amount permitted under the SRP, the Company repurchased fewer shares than the maximum amount permitted for the months of July, August, and September 2021 as directed by the Board. Beginning on October 1, 2021, the total amount of aggregate repurchases of shares is limited as set forth in the SRP (no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per month as of the last day of the previous calendar month and no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter with NAV measured as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may repurchase fewer shares than these limits in any month, or . Further, the Board may modify, suspend or terminate the SRP if it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest and the best interest of its stockholders. On September 22, 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of shares of its Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), with a liquidation preference of per share (the Preferred Stock Offering ). In addition, on October 15, 2021, Raymond James Associates, Inc., as a representative of the underwriters, partially exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock were issued and sold pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-258802) filed with the SEC. The Company received proceeds in the Preferred Stock Offering of , after underwriter s discount and issuance costs, and contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for an equivalent number of Series A units in the Operating Partnership. In connection with the Preferred Stock Offering, Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, prohibited the Company from selling its shares of common stock in the primary portion of the IPO and repurchasing its shares of common stock through the SRP during the applicable restricted period. After careful consideration of the regulatory requirements, the Board unanimously approved the temporary suspension of the sale of the Company's shares of common stock in the primary portion of the IPO and the operation of the SRP, each effective at 9:30 a.m., Eastern Time, on September 7, 2021, until 9:30 a.m., Eastern Time, on September 15, 2021. For more information on the Preferred Stock Offering, see Note 7 Stockholders Equity . Please refer to Note 16 Subsequent Events and Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors for updates to the Company s business after December 31, 2022. 

authority to make decisions and contractual and substantive participating rights of the other partners or members as well as whether the entity is a variable interest entity VIE for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. The Company has determined the Operating Partnership is a VIE of which the Company is the primary beneficiary. Substantially all of the Company s assets and liabilities are held by the Operating Partnership. 
 The account balance may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance coverage limits and, as a result, there could be a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage limits. The Company believes that the risk will not be significant, as the Company does not anticipate the financial institutions non-performance. Restricted cash represents cash the Company is required to hold in a segregated account as additional collateral on real estate securities repurchase agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, restricted cash was held by the Company. 
 
 real estate securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The asset-specific reserve component relates to reserves for losses on individual impaired loans. The Company considers a loan to be impaired when, based upon current information and events, it believes that it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. This assessment is made on an individual loan basis each quarter based on such factors as payment status, lien position, borrower financial resources and investment in collateral, collateral type, project economics and geographic location, as well as national and regional economic factors. A reserve is established for an impaired loan when the present value of payments expected to be received, observable market prices or the estimated fair value of the collateral (for loans that are dependent on the collateral for repayment) is lower than the carrying value of that loan. For collateral dependent impaired loans, impairment is measured using the estimated fair value of collateral less the estimated cost to sell. Valuations are performed or obtained at the time a loan is determined to be impaired and designated non-performing, and they are updated if circumstances indicate that a significant change in value has occurred. The Advisor generally will use the income approach through internally developed valuation models to estimate the fair value of the collateral for such loans. In more limited cases, the Advisor will obtain external as is appraisals for loan collateral, generally when third party participations exist. General reserves are recorded when (i) available information as of each balance sheet date indicates that it is probable a loss has occurred in the portfolio and (ii) the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company s policy is to estimate loss rates based on actual losses experienced, if any, or based on historical realized losses experienced in the industry if the Company has not experienced any losses. Current collateral and economic conditions affecting the probability and severity of losses are taken into account when establishing the allowance for loan losses. The Company performs a comprehensive analysis of its loan portfolio and assigns risk ratings to loans that incorporate management's current judgments about their credit quality based on all known and relevant internal and external factors that may affect collectability. The Company considers, among other things, payment status, lien position, borrower financial resources and investment in collateral, collateral type, project economics and geographic location, as well as national and regional economic factors. This methodology results in loans being segmented by risk classification into risk rating categories that are associated with estimated probabilities of default and principal loss. Ratings range from to with 1 representing the lowest risk of loss and 5 representing the highest risk of loss. Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 90 days or more or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued and unpaid interest is generally reversed against interest income in the period the loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management's judgment regarding the borrower's ability to make pending principal and interest payments. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management's judgment, are likely to remain current. The Company may make exceptions to placing a loan on non-accrual status if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had and of commercial mortgage loans held for investment, respectively. The Company recorded an allowance for loan losses of as of December 31, 2022. See Note 3 Commercial Mortgage Loans Held for Investment - Allowance for Loan Losses and See Note 16 Subsequent Events - Loan Loss Reserve for further information. The Company did t record any allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2021 as the Company did not consider any loan losses to be probable at that time. 
 
 for buildings and improvements and up to for furniture, fixtures and equipment. Renovations and/or replacements that improve or extend the life of the real estate asset are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. 

The Company is required by GAAP to disclose fair value information about financial instruments that are not otherwise reported at fair value in its consolidated balance sheets, to the extent it is practicable to estimate a fair value for those instruments. These disclosure requirements exclude certain financial instruments and all non-financial instruments. 
 (the Transaction Price plus applicable selling commissions, dealer manager fees and organization and offering expenses, resulting in a total purchase price of per Class P Share if maximum selling commissions, dealer manager fees and organization and offering expenses were paid. The Dealer Manager was the dealer manager for the Private Offering and the IPO and is the dealer manager for the Second Public Offering. Organization and offering expenses include all expenses incurred in connection with the Private Offering and Public Offerings. Organization and offering expenses (other than selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) of the Company may be paid by the Advisor, Sub-Advisor, the Dealer Manager, or their respective affiliates on behalf of the Company and subsequently reimbursed by the Company. For the Private Offering, offering expenses were deferred and a payable was recognized to the Advisor or Sub-Advisor until shares were sold in the Private Offering, at which point the expense reimbursement was paid from additional paid-in capital. For the Public Offerings, offering costs are offset against additional paid-in capital when incurred. These expenses include but are not limited to: (i) reimbursing the Dealer Manager and participating broker-dealers for bona fide out-of-pocket, itemized and detailed due diligence expenses incurred by these entities, (ii) expenses for printing and mailing, charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow holders, depositaries and experts, and (iii) expenses of qualifying the sale of the shares under federal and state laws, including taxes and fees and accountants and attorneys fees and expenses. The Company reimbursed the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their respective affiliates for costs and other expenses related to the Private Offering not in excess of the organization and offering expenses paid by investors in connection with the sale of Class P Shares in the Private Offering. The Company also reimburses the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their respective affiliates for costs and other expenses related to the IPO, provided the Advisor has agreed to reimburse the Company to the extent that the organization and offering expenses that the Company incurs exceeds of its gross proceeds from the Public Offerings. 

straight-line basis over the vesting period representing the requisite service period. See Note 12 Equity-Based Compensation for further information. 
 uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 . The Company expects significant increases or decreases in uncertain tax positions due to changes in tax positions within one year of December 31, 2022 . The Company had interest or penalties relating to income taxes recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. As of December 31, 2022, returns for the calendar years 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 remain subject to examination by U.S. and various state and local tax jurisdictions. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences and are attributable to (1) differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax bases, and (2) net operating losses. The Company operates the Renaissance O Hare Suites Hotel (the Renaissance O Hare through a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS that has engaged a third-party hotel management company to manage the hotel under a management contract. The TRS generated operating losses of and in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Based on an effective tax rate of , which is calculated by combining a Federal tax rate and an IL tax rate of state rate net of the Federal benefit), the deferred tax benefit related to the operating loss is approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The projected estimated taxable income generated by the Renaissance O'Hare for the year ended December 31, 2022 is , decreasing the deferred tax asset related to net operating losses to . At December 31, 2022, it is more likely than not that the Company will not generate sufficient taxable income to fully realize the tax deferred tax asset related to the Company s TRS, therefore the Company maintains a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax asset of . If the operating results of the Renaissance O'Hare stabilize, management will reassess the need for this reserve. These losses do not expire. 

periods commencing after December 15, 2022 to implement ASU 2016-13. As a smaller reporting company, the Company will adopt ASU 2016-13 through a cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2023. The Current Expected Credit Loss CECL reserve required under ASU 2016-13 is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the related loans on the consolidated balance sheet, which will reduce the stockholders equity. The initial CECL reserve recorded on January 1, 2023 will be reflected as a direct charge against retained earnings; however, future net changes to the CECL reserve will be recognized in net income on the consolidated statement of operations. ASU 2016-13 does not require use of a particular method for determining the CECL reserve, but it does specify the allowance should be based on relevant information about past events, including historical loss experience, composition of the current loan portfolio, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts for the expected term of each loan. Additionally, but for a few narrow exceptions, ASU 2016-13 does not have a minimum threshold for recognition of impairment losses and requires that all financial instruments, including those for which there is a low risk of loss, incur some amount of valuation reserve to reflect the inherent risk of loss regardless of credit quality, amount of subordinate capital, or other risk mitigants. For the majority of the portfolio, the Company elected to utilize a widely-used analytical model, at the individual loan level, incorporating a probability of default and loss-given-default methodology and loan performance data for commercial real estate loans dating back to 1965. For one loan in the portfolio, the Company determined that an analytical model was not appropriate. In cases where the Company feels there is potential impairment, the CECL reserve is assessed by comparing the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, less the cost to sell, to the book value of the respective loans. These valuations require significant judgment, which may include assumptions regarding capitalization rates, discount rates, leasing, creditworthiness of major tenants, occupancy rates, availability and cost of financing, exit plan, loan sponsorship, actions of other lenders, and other factors deemed relevant by the Company. Actual losses, if any, could ultimately differ materially from these estimates. The Company only expects to realize the impairment losses if and when such amounts are deemed nonrecoverable upon a realization event. This is generally at the time a loan is repaid, or in the case of foreclosure, when the underlying asset is sold, but non-recoverability may also be concluded if, in our determination, it is nearly certain that all amounts due will not be collected. The loans may include commitments to fund incremental proceeds to the borrowers over the life of the loan, which are also subject to the CECL model. The CECL reserve related to future funding commitments will be recorded as a component of other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet and be estimated using the same process as for the outstanding loan balances. Though the Company is still in the process of finalizing the effect of ASU 2016-13, the Company expects to record an additional allowance for credit losses in the range of to , which includes the amount attributable to future funding commitments, as of January 1, 2023 through a cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficit. 

() 

Credit loans 

Total and average 

() 

The following is a summary of the Company s commercial mortgage loans held for investment as of December 31, 2021: 

Number of Loans 

Principal Balance 

Unamortized (fees)/costs, net 

Carrying Value 

Weighted Average Coupon 

Weighted Average Years to Maturity 

First mortgage loans 

Credit loans 

Total and average 

Loan originations 

Principal repayments 

() 

() 

Amortization of loan origination and deferred exit fees 

Origination fees and extension fees received on commercial loans 

() 

() 

Provision for loan losses 

() 

Balance at End of Period 

During May 2020, the Company sold credit loan with an outstanding principal balance of generating proceeds of . The Company had not previously planned to sell the loan and had classified it as held for investment. The Company recognized a loss of recorded in realized loss on sale of commercial loan. Allowance for Loan Losses) 

Charge-offs 

Ending allowance for loan losses 

() 

In accordance with the Company s allowance for loan loss policy, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, the Company recorded impairment charges of and , respectively. The impairment charge in 2022 relates to a first mortgage loan secured by an office building. The impairment charge in 2020 relates to a first mortgage loan secured by a hotel property in Illinois. Both impairment charges were based on the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. The loan on the hotel in Illinois was terminated in August 2020 in connection with the Company s acquisition of the collateral via a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. For the year ended December 31, 2020, interest income for the impaired loan was . For further information on the Company s allowance for loan losses policy, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Credit Characteristics 

2 

3 

4 

5 

All investments are assigned an initial risk rating of 2 at origination. As of December 31, 2022 , loans had a risk rating of , had a risk rating of 3, had a risk rating of 4 and had a risk rating of 5. As of December 31, 2021, loans had a risk rating of and had a risk rating of 3. 

 t hold any real estate securities at December 31, 2022 or 2021 as all of the real estate securities were sold during the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold all of its CMBS, generating proceeds of and a realized loss of . 

 . Advances under the CF Repo Facility accrue interest at a per annum annual rate equal to the one-month term USD Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus to with a to floor. The CF Repo Facility is subject to certain financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenant requirements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. On May 6, 2019, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an uncommitted master repurchase agreement (the JPM Repo Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association. The JPM Repo Facility provides up to in advances that the Company expects to use to finance the acquisition or origination of eligible loans and participation interests therein. Advances made prior to December 2021 under the JPM Repo Facility accrue interest per annum rates equal to the sum of (i) the applicable one-month USD London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR index rate plus (ii) a margin of between to with no floor, depending on the attributes of the purchased assets. Advances made subsequent to December 2021 under the JPM Repo Facility accrue interest at per annum rates equal to the sum of SOFR plus an agreed upon margin. As of December 31, 2022, of the advances made under the JPM Repo Facility were indexed to SOFR and have margins between to with a floor between to . In May 2022, the maturity date of the JPM Repo Facility is . The JPM Repo Facility is subject to certain financial covenants. One of the covenants requires that the ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA to Fixed Charges, defined as preferred dividends plus interest expense per the JPM Repo Facility agreement, should not fall below on a trailing four quarter basis. As of September 30, 2022 and as of December 31, 2022, the EBITDA to Fixed Charges ratio for the trailing four quarters was and , respectively. JPM agreed to waive this covenant as of September 30, 2022 and as of December 31, 2022. As a result, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenant requirements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. On March 10, 2021, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a loan and security agreement and a promissory note (collectively, the WA Credit Facility with Western Alliance Bank Western Alliance ). The WA Credit Facility provides for loan advances up to the lesser of or the borrowing base. The borrowing base consists of eligible assets pledged to and accepted by Western Alliance in its discretion up to the lower of (i) to of loan-to-unpaid balance or (ii) to of the loan-to-appraised value (depending on the property type underlying the asset, for both (i) and (ii)). Assets that would otherwise be eligible become ineligible after being pledged as part of the borrowing base for months. Advances under the WA Credit Facility accrue interest at an annual rate equal to one-month LIBOR plus with a floor of . The initial maturity date of the WA Credit Facility was . On March 9, 2023, the Company extended the maturity date of the WA Credit Facility to , modified that loan advances are up to the lesser of or the borrowing base, and changed the index rate from LIBOR to SOFR. In addition, the spread increased to and the floor to . The Company has an option to convert the loan made pursuant to the WA Credit Facility upon its initial maturity to a term loan with the same interest rate and floor and a maturity of in exchange for, among other things, a conversion fee of of the outstanding amount at the time of conversion. The WA Credit Facility requires maintenance of an average unrestricted aggregate deposit account balance with Western Alliance of not less than . Failure to meet the minimum deposit balance will result in, among other things, the interest rate of the WA Credit Facility increasing by per annum for each quarter in which the compensating balances are not maintained. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenant requirements as of December 31, 2022. The JPM Repo Facility, CF Repo Facility and WA Credit Facility (collectively, the Facilities are used to finance eligible loans and each act in the manner of a revolving credit facility that can be repaid as the Company s assets are paid off and re-drawn as advances against new assets. 

JPM Repo Facility 

Repurchase agreements - commercial mortgage loans 

WA Credit Facility 

December 31, 2021 

Weighted Average 

Committed Financing 

Amount Outstanding (1) 

Accrued Interest Payable 

Collateral Pledged 

Interest Rate 

Days to Maturity 

CF Repo Facility 

JPM Repo Facility 

Repurchase agreements - commercial mortgage loans 

WA Credit Facility 

____________ 

(1) Excluding and of unamortized debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

106 
 
 InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 first mortgage loans to a third party. Under the loan participation agreement, in the event of default by the underlying mortgagor, any amounts paid are first allocated to the third party before any amounts are allocated to the Company s subordinate interest. The Company, as the directing participant in the loan participation agreement, is entitled to exercise, without the consent of the third party, each of the consent approval and control rights under the applicable underlying mortgage loan documents with a few exceptions. The Company requires the third party s approval for any modification or amendment to the loan, a bankruptcy plan for an underlying mortgagor where the third party would incur an out-of-pocket loss, or any transfer of the underlying mortgaged property if the Company s approval is required by the underlying mortgage documents. The Company remains the directing participant unless certain conditions are met related to losses on the property or if the mortgagor is an affiliate of the Company. In the former case, the Company may post cash or short-term U.S. government securities as collateral to retain the rights of the directing participant. The third party, as the senior participation interest holder, will receive interest and principal payments from the borrower until they receive the amounts to which they are entitled. All expenses or losses on the underlying mortgages are allocated first to the Company and then to the third party. If the underlying mortgage is in default, the Company will have the option to purchase the third party s participation interest and remove it from the loan participation agreement. The financing or transfer of a portion of a loan by the non-recourse sale of a senior interest in the loan through a participation agreement generally does not qualify as a sale under GAAP. Therefore, in this instance, the Company presents the whole loan as an asset and the loan participation sold as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet until the loan is repaid. The obligation to pay principal and interest on these liabilities is generally based on the performance of the related loan obligation. The gross presentation of loan participations sold does not impact stockholders equity or net income. 

L+ 
 
 n/a 

Senior participations (3) 

L+ 
 
 n/a 

December 31, 2021 

Loan Participations Sold 
 
 Count 

Principal Balance 

Book Value 

Yield/Cost (1) 
 
 Guarantee (2) 
 
 Weighted Average Maximum Maturity 

Total Loans 

L+ 
 
 n/a 

Senior participations (3) 

L+ 
 
 n/a 

____________ 

(1)	The yield/cost is the present value of all future principal and interest payments on the loan or participation interest and does not include any origination fees or deferred commitment fees. (2)	As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the loan participations sold were non-recourse to the Company. (3)	During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and of interest expense related to loan participations sold. 

shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at a public offering price of per share. The Company also granted the underwriters a -day option to purchase an additional shares to cover over-allotments. In addition, on October 15, 2021, Raymond James Associates, Inc., as representative of the underwriters, partially exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock were issued and sold pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-258802) filed with the SEC. The Company received net proceeds of approximately , after underwriter s discount and issuance costs and contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for an equivalent number of Series A units in the Operating Partnership. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable quarterly in arrears at a rate per annum equal to per annum of the liquidation preference (the Initial Rate ). Subject to certain exceptions, upon a Change of Control that occurs on or prior to September 22, 2022 or upon a Downgrade Event (as such terms are defined in the Articles Supplementary designating the Series A Preferred Stock (the Articles Supplementary )) or where any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding after September 22, 2026, the Series A Preferred Stock will thereafter accrue cumulative cash dividends at a rate higher than the Initial Rate. The Company may not redeem the Series A Preferred Stock prior to , except in limited circumstances relating to maintaining the Company s qualification as a REIT and in connection with a Change of Control. On and after September 22, 2026, the Company may, at its option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or from time-to-time in part, at a price of per shares of Series A Preferred Stock plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared), if any. The Series A Preferred Stock has no maturity date and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed by the Company or converted by the holder pursuant to its terms (as set forth in the Articles Supplementary). On August 11, 2022, the Board authorized and approved a share repurchase program (the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program pursuant to which the Company may repurchase up to the lesser of shares or of the outstanding shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock through December 31, 2022. On November 10, 2022, the Board approved an extension of the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program through December 31, 2023. Under the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program, repurchases of shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock may be made at management s discretion from time to time through open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions, block purchases or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The Company cannot predict when or it if will repurchase any shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Repurchase Program may be suspended, extended or terminated by the Company at any time without prior notice. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired shares of Series A Preferred Stock resulting in a gain of from these repurchases. As of December 31,2022, the Company had authority to purchase additional shares or of Series A Preferred Stock under the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program. On January 30, 2023, the Board unanimously approved the termination of the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program. The Series A Preferred Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ICR PR A. Share Activity for Common Stock and Preferred Stock 

Issuance of shares 

Repurchase and retirement of preferred stock 

() 

Distribution reinvestment 

Issuance of restricted shares 

Redemptions 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Series A 

Class P 

Class A 

Class T 

Class S 

Class D 

Class I 

Beginning balance 

Issuance of shares 

Distribution reinvestment 

Issuance of restricted shares 

Redemptions 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Common Stock 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Class P 

Class A 

Class T 

Class S 

Class D 

Class I 

Beginning balance 

Issuance of shares 

Distribution reinvestment 

Issuance of restricted shares 

Redemptions 

() 

Ending balance 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares in the Public Offerings at an average price per share of with total net proceeds, including proceeds from the DRP, of after offering costs of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares in the IPO at an average price per share of with total net proceeds, including proceeds from the DRP, of after offering costs of . In addition, the Company incurred in reimbursable deferred offering costs that were payable to the Advisor and Sub-Advisor. The Company also issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock at an average price per share of with total net proceeds of after offering costs of . During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued shares in the IPO at an average price per share of with total net proceeds, including proceeds from the DRP, of after offering costs of . In addition, the Company incurred in reimbursable deferred offering costs that were payable to the Advisor and Sub-Advisor. Distributions Common Stock For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and from January 1, 2019 to July 31, 2019, the Company paid distributions on Class P Shares based on daily record dates, payable in arrears the following month, equal to a daily amount of 1/365 th of per share. Distributions declared on or after August 1, 2019 through February 29, 2020 on Class P Shares are based on monthly record dates, payable in arrears the following month equal to a monthly amount of 1/12 th of per share. Distributions on Class A, Class T, Class D and Class I shares are based on monthly record dates, payable in arrears the following month equal to a monthly amount of 1/12 th of per share from August 1, 2019 through February 29, 2020. On March 24, 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board suspended, among other things, the payment of distributions to the Company s stockholders and the operation of the DRP, effective as of April 6, 2020. In making these decisions, the Board considered the difficulty of confidently determining an NAV as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the extent of the economic effects of the pandemic, as well as the financing challenges related to additional collateral required by the banks that regularly finance the Company s assets. The Board believed that the responsible course of action in the face of the economic slowdown and uncertainty was to conserve liquidity and prioritize the payment of operating and other essential expenses until the extent of the economic effects of the pandemic could be better understood and analyzed. After considering, among other things, the reduced volatility in the market for the Company s investments and some improvement in the U.S. economic outlook, on July 30, 2020, the Board authorized a distribution on the Company s common stock that was paid to stockholders of record as of . 

Record date 
 
 Aggregate annualized gross distribution declared per share of common stock 

Aggregate monthly gross distribution declared per share of common stock 

The gross distribution was reduced each month for Class D and Class T of the Company s common stock for applicable class-specific stockholder servicing fees to arrive at a lower net distribution amount paid to those classes. For a description of the stockholder servicing fees applicable to Class D, Class S and Class T shares of the Company s common stock, please see Note 11 Transactions with Related Parties below. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did t have shares outstanding of Class S common stock. 

Total distributions declared for Class P, Class A, Class T, Class D and Class I shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 were , , , and , respectively. Total distributions declared for Class P, Class A, Class T, Class D and Class I shares for the year ended December 31, 2021 were , , , and , respectively. Total distributions declared for Class P, Class A, Class T, Class D and Class I shares for the year ended December 31, 2020 were , , , and , respectively. Series A Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock dividends are paid quarterly in arrears based on an annualized distribution rate of of the per share liquidation preference, or per share per annum. During December 2021, the Board declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of per share which was paid on December 30, 2021 to holders of record on December 15, 2021 for the period beginning September 22, 2021 to, but not including, December 30, 2021. During March 2022, the Board declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of per share, which was paid on March 30, 2022 to holders of record on March 15, 2022. During June 2022, the Board declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of per share, which was paid on June 30, 2022 to holders of record on June 15, 2022. During August 2022, the Board declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of per share, which was paid on September 30, 2022 to holders of record on September 15, 2022. During December 2022, the Board declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of per share, which was paid on December 30, 2022 to holders of record on December 15, 2022. 

Stockholder servicing fee per share 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Net distributions declared per share 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Preferred Stock (1) 

Common Stock 

Series A 

Class P 

Class A 

Class T 

Class S 

Class D 

Class I 

Aggregate gross distributions declared per share 

Stockholder servicing fee per share 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Net distributions declared per share 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Common Stock 

Class P 

Class A 

Class T 

Class S 

Class D 

Class I 

Aggregate gross distributions declared per share 

Stockholder servicing fee per share 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Net distributions declared per share 

(1) 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, distributions declared but not yet paid amounted to and , respectively. Distribution Reinvestment Plan The Company adopted a DRP, effective May 3, 2019, whereby Class A, Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I stockholders have the option to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of common stock. Any cash distributions attributable to the class or classes of shares owned by participants in the DRP will be immediately reinvested in shares on behalf of the participants on the business day such distribution would have been paid to such stockholder. The per share purchase price for shares purchased pursuant to the DRP will be equal to the most recently published transaction price at the time the distribution is payable. Stockholders will not pay upfront selling commissions when purchasing shares pursuant to the DRP. The stockholder servicing fees with respect to Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the NAV for those shares and may reduce the NAV or, alternatively, the distributions payable with respect to shares of each such class, including shares issued in respect of distributions on such shares under the DRP. Shares acquired under the DRP will entitle the participant to the same rights and be treated in the same manner as shares of that class purchased in the Public Offerings. The Company reserves the right to amend any aspect of its DRP without the consent of its stockholders, provided that notice of any material amendment is sent to participants at least ten business days prior to the effective date of that amendment. In addition, the Company may suspend or terminate the DRP for any reason at any time upon ten business days prior written notice to participants. A stockholder s participation in the plan will be terminated to the extent that a reinvestment of such stockholder s distributions in the Company s shares would cause the percentage ownership or other limitations contained in the Company s charter to be violated. Participants may terminate their participation in the DRP with five business days prior written notice to the Company. On March 24, 2020, the Board suspended the IPO, effective immediately, and the DRP, effective April 6, 2020. In determining to suspend the IPO and the DRP, the Board considered various factors, including the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the inability to accurately calculate the Company s NAV per share due to uncertainty, volatility and lack of liquidity in the market, the Company s need for liquidity due to financing challenges related to additional collateral required by the banks that regularly finance the Company s assets and these uncertain and rapidly changing economic conditions. After determining that there had been reduced volatility in the market for the Company s investments and some improvement in the U.S. economic outlook, the Advisor resumed calculation of the NAV beginning as of June 30, 2020 , and on October 1, 2020, the SEC declared effective the post-effective amendment to the Company s registration statement on Form S-11 thereby permitting the Company to resume offers and sales of shares of common stock in the IPO, including through the DRP. On January 30, 2023, the Board suspended, among other things, the operation of the DRP, effective as of February 10, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received proceeds from the DRP totaling at an average price per share of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received proceeds from the DRP totaling at an average price per share of . Share Repurchase Plan The Company adopted a SRP, effective May 3, 2019, whereby on a monthly basis, stockholders who have held their shares of common stock for at least one year may request that the Company repurchase all or any portion of their shares. The Company may repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month to be repurchased under its SRP, or none at all, in its discretion at any time. In addition, the total amount of aggregate repurchases of shares will be limited to no more than of the aggregate NAV per month and no more than of the aggregate NAV per calendar quarter. The Board may modify, suspend or terminate the SRP if it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest and the best interest of its stockholders. On March 24, 2020 the Board suspended the SRP. On March 1, 2021, the SRP was reinstated for the Company s stockholders requesting repurchase of shares as a result of the death or qualified disability of the holder, and on July 1, 2021, the SRP was reinstated for all stockholders. In accordance with the terms of the SRP that allow the Company to repurchase fewer shares than the maximum amount permitted under the SRP, the Company repurchased fewer shares than the maximum amount permitted for the months of July, August and September 2021 as directed by the Board. Beginning on October 1, 2021, the total amount of aggregate repurchases of shares is limited as set forth in the SRP (no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per month as of the last day of the previous calendar month and no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter with NAV measured as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter). On January 30, 2023, the Board unanimously approved, effective immediately, the suspension of the operation of the SRP. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased of common stock at an average price per share of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, after reinstatement of the SRP, the Company repurchased of common stock at an average price per share of . During the year ended December 31, 2020, prior to the suspension of the SRP, the Company repurchased of common stock at an average price per share of . 

additional shares related to common share equivalents were included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect of those common share equivalents was dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2021, additional shares related to restricted shares were included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect of those common share equivalents was dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2020, additional shares related to restricted shares were included in the computation of diluted earnings per share due to the net loss for the year. The Company excludes antidilutive restricted shares from the calculation of weighted-average shares for diluted earnings per share. There were , and antidilutive restricted shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For further information about the Company s restricted shares, see Note 12 Equity Based Compensation. 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

commercial mortgage loans with a total remaining future funding commitment of and , respectively. The Company could advance future funds at its discretion if requested by the borrower and the borrower meets certain requirements as specified in individual loan agreements. 

reportable segment as defined by GAAP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 in the Company through the purchase of Class P Shares. The purchase price per Class P Share for the Advisor s investment was the Transaction Price, with payment of selling commissions, dealer manager fees or organization and offering expenses. of the Class P Shares that it has purchased, accounting for of its investment, to an unaffiliated third party; (ii) it will not be eligible to submit a request for these 40,040 Class P Shares pursuant to the Company s SRP prior to the fifth anniversary of the date on which such shares were purchased (November 2021); and (iii) repurchase requests made for these Class P Shares will only be accepted (a) on the last business day of a calendar quarter, (b) after all repurchase requests from all other stockholders for such quarter have been accepted and (c) to the extent that such repurchases do not cause total repurchases in the quarter in which they are being repurchased to exceed that quarter s repurchase cap . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Sound Point Capital Management, LP Sound Point ), an affiliate of the Sub-Advisor, had invested in the Company through the purchase of Class P Shares. The purchase price per Class P Share for this investment was the Transaction Price, with payment of selling commissions, dealer manager fees or organization and offering expenses. 

Selling commissions and dealer manager fee (2) 

Advisory fee (3) 

Loan fees (4) 

Accrued stockholder servicing fee (5) 
 
 () 

() 

Operating expense reimbursement to Advisor (6) 

Total 

____________ 

(1) The Company reimburses the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and their respective affiliates for costs and other expenses related to the Public Offerings, provided the Advisor has agreed to reimburse the Company to the extent that the organization and offering expenses that the Company incurs exceeds of its gross proceeds from the IPO. 

 (2) For the Public Offerings, the Dealer Manager is entitled to receive (a) upfront selling commissions of up to , and upfront dealer manager fees of up to , of the transaction price of each Class A share sold in the primary offering, however such amounts may vary at certain participating broker-dealers provided that the sum will not exceed of the transaction price; (b) upfront selling commissions of up to , and upfront dealer manager fees of , of the transaction price of each Class T share sold in the primary offering, however such amounts may vary at certain participating broker-dealers provided that the sum will not exceed of the transaction price; and (c) upfront selling commissions of up to of the transaction price of each Class S share sold in the primary offering. upfront selling commissions or dealer manager fees are paid with respect to purchases of Class D shares, Class I shares or shares of any class sold pursuant to the Company s DRP. All upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees will be reallowed (paid) by the Dealer Manager to participating broker-dealers. 

 (3) The Advisor is entitled to receive an advisory fee comprised of two separate components: (1) a fixed component payable monthly and (2) a performance component payable annually. Prior to July 1, 2021, the fixed component of the advisory fee was paid in an amount equal to 1/12th of 1.25 per annum of the gross value of the Company s assets, paid monthly in arrears, provided that any such monthly payment could not exceed 1/12 th of 2.5 of the Company s NAV. Effective July 1, 2021, the fixed component of the advisory fee is paid in an amount equal to 1/12 th of 1.25 of the Company s average NAV for each month, paid monthly in arrears. The performance component of the advisory fee is calculated and paid annually, such that for any year in which the Company s total return per share exceeds per annum, the Advisor will receive of the excess total return allocable to shares of the Company s common stock; provided that in no event will the performance fee exceed of the aggregate total return allocable to shares of the Company s common stock for such year. In addition, (or such other adjusted number) will not be included in the calculation of the performance component with respect to that class. The Advisor waived , and of the fixed component of the advisory fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Advisor did t earn the performance component of the advisory fee. The Advisor pays fees to the Sub-Advisor for the services its delegates to the Sub-Advisor or may direct the Company to pay a portion of the fees otherwise payable to the Advisor directly to the Sub-Advisor. 

 (4) The Company pays the Advisor all new loan origination and administrative fees related to CRE loans held for investment, to the extent that such fees are paid by the borrower. Pursuant to the Sub-Advisory Agreement, the Advisor generally will reallow a portion of loans fees and all administrative fees to the Sub-Advisor. 

 (5) Subject to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. limitations on underwriting compensation, the Company pays the Dealer Manager selling commissions over time as stockholder servicing fees for ongoing services rendered to stockholders by participating broker-dealers or broker-dealers servicing stockholders accounts as follows: (a) for Class T shares only, per annum of the NAV of the Class T shares; (b) for Class S shares only, per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class S shares; and (c) for Class D shares only, per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D shares. The Company will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to any Class T share, Class S share or Class D share held in a stockholder s account upon the occurrence of certain events. The Company accrues the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time the Company sells Class T, Class S, and Class D shares. The Dealer Manager does not retain any of these fees, all 

 of which are retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers for ongoing stockholder services performed by such broker-dealers. 

 (6) Prior to July 1, 2021, the Company reimbursed the Advisor for expenses that it (or the Sub-Advisor acting on the Advisor s behalf) incurs in connection with providing services to the Company, provided that the Company did not reimburse overhead costs, including rent and utilities or personnel costs (including salaries, bonuses, benefits and severance payments) and the Company only reimbursed the Advisor for fees payable to its affiliates if they are incurred for legal or marketing services rendered on the Company s behalf. Effective July 1, 2021, the Company is obligated to reimburse for all of the expenses attributable to the Company or its subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership, and paid or incurred and submitted to the Company for reimbursement by the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor or their respective affiliates in providing services to the Company under the Advisory Agreement, including personnel and related employment costs. 

Expense Limitation Agreement Pursuant to an expense limitation agreement (the Expense Limitation Agreement dated July 1, 2021, the Advisor and Sub-Advisor agree to of the average monthly net assets on an annualized basis (the Expense Limit ). Amounts waived or paid by the Advisor or Sub-Advisor pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement are subject to conditional repayment on a quarterly basis by the Company during the following the quarter in which the expenses were incurred, but only to the extent such repayment does not cause the Company to exceed its then-current expenses limitation, if any, for such quarter. Any waiver or reimbursement by the Advisor or Sub-Advisor not repaid by the Company within the period will be deemed permanently waived and not subject to repayment under the Expense Limitation Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of ordinary operating expenses either submitted for reimbursement by the Advisor and Sub-Advisor or incurred by the Company directly that was subject to the Expense Limitation Agreement did not exceed the Expense Limit. Separately from the limitation on ordinary operating expenses under the Expense Limitation Agreement, the Advisor and Sub-Advisor voluntarily chose not to seek reimbursement for certain expenses that they incurred or paid on behalf of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022, and for which they may have been entitled to be reimbursed. The Advisory Agreement and Sub-Advisory Agreement provide that expenses will be submitted monthly to the Company for reimbursement, and the amount of expenses submitted for reimbursement in any particular month is not necessarily indicative of the total amount of expenses actually incurred by the Advisor and Sub-Advisor in providing services to the Company and for which reimbursement could have been received by the Advisor and Sub-Advisor. Revolving Credit Liquidity Letter Agreements 

 and , respectively (the IREIC-Sound Point Commitments from time to time until the Termination Date (defined below) of the letter agreements. These letter agreements are identical to each other in all material respects other than the commitment amounts. Use of the IREIC-Sound Point Commitments is limited to satisfying requirements to maintain cash or cash equivalents under the Company s repurchase and other borrowing arrangements. The Termination Date is the earliest of (i) the Maturity Dated (defined below) (ii) the first date on which the Company s balance sheet equity is equal to or greater than , (iii) the date IREIC or one of its affiliates is no longer the Company s Advisor or Sound Point or one of its affiliates is no longer the Company s Sub-Advisor and (iv) such earlier date on which the commitment will terminate as provided in the letter agreements, for example, because of an event of default. The Maturity Date is one year from the date of the agreement, and the Maturity Date will be automatically extended every year for an additional year, unless (a) the lender delivers notice of termination days prior to an anniversary of the letter agreements or (b) and Event of Default (defined below) has occurred and is continuing. Each revolving loan will bear interest at per annum. Interest is payable in arrears when principal is paid or repaid and on the Termination Date. Each of the following constitutes an Event of Default under the letter agreements: (y) the Company fails to perform or observe any covenant or condition to be performed or observed under the letter agreement (including the obligation to repay a loan in full on the Termination Date) and such failure is not remedied within three business days of its receipt of notice thereof; or (z) the Company becomes insolvent or the subject of any bankruptcy proceeding. 
 116 
 
 InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 independent directors an equal number of shares. 

1/3 

January 7, 2019 
 
 Class P 

1/3 

December 2, 2019 
 
 Class I 

1/3 

December 1, 2020 
 
 Class I 

1/3 

October 14, 2021 
 
 Class I 

1/3 

October 3, 2022 
 
 Class I 

1/3 

Under the RSP, restricted shares generally vest over a vesting period from the date of the grant, subject to the specific terms of the grant. Restricted shares are included in common stock outstanding on the date of vesting. The grant-date value of the restricted shares is amortized over the vesting period representing the requisite service period. Compensation expense associated with the restricted shares issued to the independent directors was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested restricted shares, in the aggregate. The weighted average remaining period that compensation expense related to unvested restricted shares will be recognized is years. The total fair value at the vesting date for restricted shares that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Converted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Commercial mortgage loans, net 

Total 

Financial liabilities 

Repurchase agreements - commercial mortgage loans 

Credit facility payable 

Loan participations sold 

Total 

The following describes the Company s methods for estimating the fair value for financial instruments: The estimated fair values of restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents were based on the bank balance and was a Level 1 fair value measurement. 

 The estimated fair value of commercial mortgage loans, net is a Level 3 fair value measurement. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company changed the method for calculating the fair value of the commercial mortgage loan portfolio. Since the loans have a short duration to maturity years), are almost exclusively floating rate, are not delinquent and all except for one are not impaired and are expected to return par, the Advisor determined the amortized cost is the best estimate of fair value for all loans except for the one impaired loan. For the impaired loan, the estimated fair value also includes the reduction from the allowance for loan losses. See Note 16 Subsequent Events - Loan Loss Reserve for a discussion of the impaired loan and the associated reserve. 

 The estimated fair value of repurchase agreements commercial mortgage loans, credit facility payable and loan participations sold are Level 3 fair value measurements based on expected present value techniques. This method discounts future estimated cash flows using rates the Company determined best reflect current market interest rates that would be offered for repurchase agreements, credit facilities and loan participations sold with similar characteristics and credit quality. 

(1)(2) 
 
 Hotel 
 
 Chicago, IL 

() 

(1)	 (2)	 
 During February 2021, the Company received a loan under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP related to the operations of the Renaissance O Hare. This loan was for with a fixed interest rate of that does not compound. The PPP was created as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). To be eligible to receive a loan, companies must make a number of certifications related to its operations, employees and size of the business on an application. Companies may also subsequently apply for loan forgiveness under the program provided that it meets requirements limiting any reduction in workforce or in pay. The Company was granted forgiveness by the U.S. Small Business Administration in December 2021. The Company accounted for this PPP loan using a government grant accounting approach. The grant proceeds were initially recorded in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet. Each month, those proceeds were applied as a reduction to payroll-related costs within real estate owned operating expenses on the consolidated statement of operations until the proceeds have been fully absorbed by the payroll-related expenses. As of December 31, 2022, balance remains recorded in accrued expenses for the PPP loan to be absorbed by payroll-related expenses. 

 , was assumed as part of a property acquired through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure transaction on August 20, 2020 and extends through . The lease is classified as a finance lease. Under the ground lease, the Company is prohibited from mortgaging the land but is not prohibited from making a leasehold mortgage for property constructed on the land. The provided that twelve months notice is provided to the lessor prior to those respective dates. Upon assumption of the lease, the Company recorded a lease liability of and a ROU asset of on its consolidated balance sheet. The lease liability was based on the present value of the ground lease s future payments using an interest rate of , which the Company considers a reasonable estimate of the Company s incremental borrowing rate. 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease cost 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Finance lease right of use asset, net of amortization 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Amount representing interest 

() 

Present value of lease liability 

shares or of the outstanding shares of the Company s Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock through December 31, 2022 (later extended through December 31, 2023). On January 30, 2023, the Board unanimously approved the termination of the Series A Preferred Repurchase Program. Distributions , the Company paid distributions for each class of its common stock to stockholders of record as of in the amounts per share set forth below: 

Common Stock 

Class P 

Class A 

Class T 

Class D 

Class I 

Aggregate gross distributions declared per share 

Stockholder servicing fee per share 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Net distributions declared per share 

On , the Company announced that the Board authorized a distribution on its Series A Preferred Stock to stockholders of record as of , payable on or about in the amount of per share. , the Company paid distributions for each class of its common stock to stockholders of record as of in the amounts per share set forth below: 

Common Stock 

Class P 

Class A 

Class T 

Class D 

Class I 

Aggregate gross distributions declared per share 

Stockholder servicing fee per share 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Net distributions declared per share 

Loan Loss Reserve In March 2023, changes in local market conditions cast doubt on the collectability of one of the Company s first mortgage loans. A large tenant in a competing office building decided to relocate their operations. Consequently, the increase in the supply of available office space is pushing down rents in the area which is having a detrimental impact on the value of the underlying collateral on the loan. As a result, the Company has recorded a loan loss reserve of as of December 31, 2022. The loss reserve includes the total principal balance and accrued fees of net of the participation interest of . Repurchase Agreements and Credit Facilities On February 8, 2023, Column Financial, Inc. and affiliated parties sold and assigned their interest in the CF Loan Facility to Atlas Securitized Products Investments 2, L.P. All other terms of the loan facility were unchanged. 

 121 
 
 InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Office 

First Mortgage Loan 2 

Office 

First Mortgage Loan 3 

Office 

First Mortgage Loan 4 

Hospitality 

First Mortgage Loan 5 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 6 

Office 

First Mortgage Loan 7 

Mixed Use 

First Mortgage Loan 8 

Office 

First Mortgage Loan 9 

Office 

First Mortgage Loan 10 

Office 

First Mortgage Loan 11 

Office 

First Mortgage Loan 12 

Retail 

First Mortgage Loan 13 

Retail 

First Mortgage Loan 14 

Office 

First Mortgage Loan 15 

Industrial 

First Mortgage Loan 16 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 17 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 18 

Industrial 

First Mortgage Loan 19 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 20 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 21 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 22 

Mixed Use 

First Mortgage Loan 23 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 24 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 25 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 26 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 27 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 28 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 29 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 30 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 31 

Retail 

First Mortgage Loan 32 

Industrial 

First Mortgage Loan 33 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 34 

Mixed Use 

First Mortgage Loan 35 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 36 

Industrial 

First Mortgage Loan 37 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 38 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 39 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 40 

Multifamily 

First Mortgage Loan 41 

Multifamily 

Credit Loan 1 

Office 

Credit Loan 2 

Office 

____________ 

(1) First mortgage loans are first position mortgage loans and credit loans are mezzanine and subordinated loans. 

 (2) and , respectively. An undivided senior interest in each of loan numbers 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10 and 11, which includes the right to receive priority interest payments at a rate of , was sold by our Operating Partnership pursuant to a Loan Participation Agreement dated November 15, 2021. Our Operating Partnership has retained a undivided subordinate interest in each of these loans . 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 Reconciliation of Commercial Mortgage Loans, At Cost: The following table reconciles commercial mortgage loans, at cost for the years ended: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance at January 1, 

Additions during period: 

Loan fundings 

Deferred interest capitalized on commercial loan 

Amortization of deferred fees and expenses 

Deductions during period: 

Collections of principal 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Sale of commercial loan 

() 

Provision for loan losses 
 
 () 

() 

Transfer on deed-in-lieu of foreclosure to real estate owned 

() 

Net fees capitalized into carrying value of loans 
 
 () 

() 

Balance at December 31, 

123 

<EX-10>
 2
 ck0001690012-ex10_15.htm
 EX-10.15

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.15 EXECUTION 
 OMNIBUS ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT 
 
 THIS OMNIBUS ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT, dated as of February 8, 2023 (this Amendment ), is among COLUMN FINANCIAL, INC. (the Assigning Administrative Agent and an Assigning Party ), CREDIT SUISSE AG, a company incorporated in Switzerland, acting through its CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH (an Assigning Buyer and an Assigning Party ), ALPINE SECURITIZATION LTD (an Assigning Buyer and an Assigning Party ), ATLAS SECURITIZED PRODUCTS INVESTMENTS 2, L.P. (the Assignee Administrative Agent , the Assignee Buyer and the Assignee Party ), InPoint CS Loan, LLC (the Seller and InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (the Guarantor ). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Repurchase Documents (as defined below). 
 WHEREAS, reference is made to (i) that certain Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Repurchase Agreement ), by and among Assigning Parties and Seller, (ii) that certain Pricing Side Letter, dated as of February 15, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Pricing Side Letter ), by and among Assigning Parties Seller and Guarantor, (iii) that certain Repo Administration and Allocation Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Allocation Agreement ), by and among Assigning Parties, Seller and Guarantor and (iv) that certain Guaranty, dated as of February 15, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guaranty ), made by Guarantor in favor of Assigning Administrative Agent for the benefit of Assigning Buyers (collectively, with the Repurchase Agreement, Pricing Side Letter and Allocation Agreement, the Repurchase Documents ); 
 WHEREAS, upon the Amendment Effective Date (i) Assigning Administrative Agent has agreed to assign, and Assignee Administrative Agent has agreed to acquire all of the right, title and interest of Assigning Administrative Agent in and to the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements and Assignee Administrative Agent has agreed to assume and undertake all obligations of the Administrative Agent under the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements and (ii) each Assigning Buyer has agreed to assign, and Assignee Buyer has agreed to acquire, all of the right, title and interest of each Assigning Buyer in and to the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements, and Assignee Buyer has agreed to assume and undertake all obligations of the Buyers under the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the other mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 Section 1. Assignment and Assumption of Repurchase Documents and other Program Agreements . 

1.1 Assigning Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably sells, assigns, grants, conveys and transfers to Assignee Administrative Agent all of Assigning Administrative Agent s right, title and interest in and to (i) the Repurchase Documents (including all Obligations held by the Assigning Administrative Agent thereunder), (ii) the other Program Agreements (including all 

1 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/42489492v6 
 
 Obligations held by the Assigning Administrative Agent thereunder), (iii) the Purchased Assets (including any ownership interest therein (subject to the Repurchase Documents) and/or security interest therein) and (iv) the Repurchase Assets (including any security interest therein). As of the Amendment Effective Date, Assignee Administrative Agent unconditionally accepts such assignment and assumes all of Assigning Administrative Agent s duties, liabilities, indemnities and obligations under each Repurchase Document and each other Program Agreement arising on or after the Amendment Effective Date, and agrees to pay, perform and discharge, as and when due, all of the duties, liabilities, indemnities and obligations of Assigning Administrative Agent under the Repurchase Documents arising on or after the Amendment Effective Date. The Assigning Administrative Agent represents and warrants to the Assignee Administrative Agent and Assignee Buyer that it is transferring the Purchased Assets to the Assignee Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Assignee Buyer, free and clear of all liens and adverse claims, in each case, created by it or by any other Assigning Buyer, except as previously disclosed in writing. 

1.2 Assignee Administrative Agent shall be substituted for Assigning Administrative Agent in the Repurchase Documents, each other Program Agreement and shall acquire all the rights and become obligated to perform all the duties, liabilities, indemnities and obligations of Assigning Administrative Agent that are hereby fully assigned and delegated to Assignee Administrative Agent. 

1.3 Each Assigning Buyer hereby irrevocably sells, assigns, grants, conveys and transfers to Assignee Buyer all of each Assigning Buyer s right, title and interest in and to the Repurchase Documents and each other Program Agreement (including all Obligations held by each Assigning Buyer). As of the Amendment Effective Date, Assignee Buyer unconditionally accepts such assignment and assumes all of each Assigning Buyer s duties, liabilities, indemnities and obligations under Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements arising on or after the Amendment Effective Date, and agrees to pay, perform and discharge, as and when due, all of the duties, liabilities, indemnities and obligations of each Assigning Buyer under the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements arising on or after the Amendment Effective Date. 

1.4 Assignee Buyer shall be substituted for Assigning Buyers in the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements (subject to any consent of any Persons who are not parties hereto) and shall acquire all the rights and become obligated to perform all the duties, liabilities, indemnities and obligations of Assigning Buyers that are hereby fully assigned to Assignee Buyer. 

1.5 For the avoidance of doubt, the existing Transactions shall be continuing Transactions and shall not be considered terminated in any respect. Seller and Guarantor are hereby notified that as of the Amendment Effective Date, (i) Assignee Administrative Agent shall serve as Administrative Agent under the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements and shall have the rights and obligations as the Administrative Agent thereunder and shall be bound by the provisions thereof, and (ii) Assignee Buyer shall be a Buyer under the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements and shall have the rights and obligations as a Buyer thereunder and shall be bound by the provisions thereof. The Seller reaffirms any transfers, or grants of security interests in, any Purchased Assets, Repurchase Assets and/or any other collateral security pursuant to the Repurchase Documents and other Program Agreements. 

2 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/42489492v6 
 
 1.6 Upon the Amendment Effective Date, each of the parties hereto authorizes the Assignee Administrative Agent (or its agents) to file any amendments to any of the financing statements filed in connection with the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements that list the Assigning Administrative Agent as the secured party of record to change the secured party of record to be the Assignee Administrative Agent and/or to otherwise evidence the transactions contemplated hereby. 

1.7 The Assignee Administrative Agent hereby notifies the other parties hereto that the Assigning Administrative Agent or an Affiliate thereof may, from time to time after the Amendment Effective Date, continue to provide various administrative services to the Assignee Administrative Agent and the Assignee Buyer to facilitate the assignment and transfer contemplated hereby. The Assignee Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Seller, generally describe the nature of such services being provided by the Assigning Administrative Agent or any applicable Affiliate at the time of such request. 

1.8 Certain third parties (for example, custodians and servicers) are parties to certain of the Program Agreements that are not Repurchase Documents (such Program Agreements, Third Party Program Agreements ). If the requisite parties have not entered into documentation necessary for the Assignee Administrative Agent and/or the Assignee Buyer, as applicable, to acquire and assume the Assigning Administrative Agent s and/or the applicable Assigning Buyers rights and obligations under any such Third Party Program Agreement on or before the Amendment Effective Date, the Assigning Administrative Agent and each Assigning Buyer have agreed to assist the Assignee Administrative Agent and the Assignee Buyer, as applicable, in order for the Assignee Administrative Agent and the Assignee Buyer to indirectly obtain the rights and benefits of such Third Party Program Agreement until such documentation is entered into. 

1.9 Subject to Sections 18 and 22 of the Repurchase Agreement, at any time after the Amendment Effective Date, any Person that is then the Administrative Agent or a Buyer under any such Repurchase Document or other Program Agreement may assign any or all of its rights and/or obligations to any Person that is any affiliate of such Person without the consent of any party hereto. 

1.10 Each of the Assignee Administrative Agent and the Assignee Buyer may at any time, participate, pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under any Repurchase Document or any other Program Agreement to secure obligations of the Assignee Administrative Agent or Assignee Buyer, as applicable. 

Section 2. Release of Assigning Parties . As of the Amendment Effective Date, Assigning Administrative Agent and Assigning Buyers shall be relieved of all obligations to perform under the Repurchase Documents and shall be fully relieved of liability to any other party to this Amendment arising out of the Repurchase Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all indemnities and other protections in favor of Assigning Administrative Agent and Assigning Buyers as set forth in the Repurchase Documents shall survive as set forth therein. After the Amendment Effective Date, Seller and Guarantor release and forever discharge Assigning Parties, as well as their shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives, from all further obligations arising under the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements, 

3 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/42489492v6 
 
 and from all manner of actions, causes of action, suits, debts, damages, expenses, claims and demands whatsoever that such party has or may have against any of the foregoing persons, arising out of or in any way connected to performance under the Repurchase Documents or any other Program Agreement. 

Section 3. Amendments to Repurchase Agreement . The Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended by: 

3.1 amending the definitions in Section 2 as follows: 

(a) All references to Administrative Agent in the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements shall be deemed to mean Atlas Securitized Products Investments 2, L.P. . 

(b) All references to Buyer and Buyers in the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements shall be deemed to mean Atlas Securitized Products Investments 2, L.P. . 

(c) The definition of CP Conduit is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following definition in its proper alphabetical order: 

CP Conduit means any Buyer that is an asset-backed commercial paper conduit. 
 3.2 deleting Section 9 thereof in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing, all transfers of funds to be made by Seller hereunder shall be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, without deduction, set-off or counterclaim, to Administrative Agent at an account as Administrative Agent shall specify to Seller in writing. Seller acknowledges that it has no rights of withdrawal from the foregoing account. All Purchased Assets transferred by one party hereto to the other party shall be in the case of a purchase by Administrative Agent in suitable form for transfer or shall be accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank and such other documentation as Administrative Agent may reasonably request. All Purchased Assets shall be evidenced by a Trust Receipt. Any Repurchase Price received by Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day. 
 3.3 Section 13.a(16) of the Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such section in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

(16) Chief Executive Office; Jurisdiction of Organization . On the Effective Date, Seller s chief executive office, is, and has been, located at c/o InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc., 375 Park Avenue, 33rd Floor, New York, New York 10152. On the Effective Date, Seller s jurisdiction of organization is Delaware. Seller shall provide Administrative Agent with thirty (30) days advance notice of any change in Seller s principal office or place of business or jurisdiction. Seller has no trade name. During the preceding five years, Seller has not been known by or done business under 
 4 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/42489492v6 
 
 any other name, corporate or fictitious, and has not filed or had filed against it any bankruptcy receivership or similar petitions nor has it made any assignments for the benefit of creditors. 
 
 3.4 deleting Seller s notice information in Section 20 and in all Exhibits thereof in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

InPoint CS Loan, LLC c/o InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income Inc. 375 Park Avenue, 33rd Floor New York, New York 10152 
 Attention: Jason Fruchtman Phone Number: 212-468-5764 E-mail: jfruchtman@soundpointcap.com 
 
 with a copy to: 
 Jones Day 
 250 Vesey Street 
 New York, New York 10281 
 Attention: Robert J. Grados, Esq. 
 Phone Number: 212-326-3843 
 Email: rgrados@jonesday.com 
 3.5 deleting Administrative Agent s notice information in Section 20 and in all Exhibits thereof in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

Atlas Securitized Products Investments 2, L.P. 
 3 Bryant Park 
 New York, NY 10036 
 T: 212-525-3200 
 E: AtlasSPGeneralCounsel@Atlas-SP.com 
 
 3.6 deleting Administrative Agent s Authorized Representatives thereof in their entirety and replacing them with Annex A hereto. 

Section 4. Amendments to Pricing Side Letter . The Pricing Side Letter is hereby amended by: 

4.1 deleting the definition of Securitization Fee in Section 1 thereof in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

Securitization Fee means (a) to the extent Administrative Agent or an Affiliate thereof acts as lead left bookrunner, an amount equal to the product of (x) 0.75 and (y) the note principal balance of the transaction or (b) to the extent that Administrative Agent or an Affiliate thereof acts as lead right bookrunner, a fee mutually agreed upon by the parties. 
 5 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/42489492v6 

4.2 deleting Section 4.3 thereof in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

4.3 Right of First Offer . On a Repurchase Date, the Seller may provide Administrative Agent or an Affiliate thereof a right of first offer to act as a bookrunner in connection with a CRE CLO securitization transaction of the Seller or an Affiliate thereof with respect to such Purchased Asset for a fee at least equal to the Securitization Fee. 
 Section 5. Further Assurances . The parties hereto agree, from time to time, to enter into such further agreements and to execute all such further instruments as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to give full effect to the terms of this Amendment and the assignment and assumption contemplated hereby (including, if requested by the Assignee Administrative Agent, the amendment and restatement of the Repurchase Documents and other Program Agreements to reflect the terms hereof and the transactions contemplated hereby). 

Section 6. Conditions to Effectiveness of this Amendment . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof (the Amendment Effective Date ), subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent (or waiver of any of the following conditions precedent by the Assigning Administrative Agent and the Assignee Administrative Agent in their sole discretion), all of which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Assigning Parties and Assignee Party: 

6.1 Power of Attorney . Assignee Party shall have received a Power of Attorney, duly executed by the Seller and notarized, substantially in the form of Annex B hereto. 

6.2 Delivered Documents . Assigning Parties and Assignee Party shall have received: 

(a) this Amendment, duly executed by authorized signatories of the parties hereto; and 

(b) such other documents as the Assigning Administrative Agent, Assignee Administrative Agent or counsel thereto may reasonably request. 

Section 7. Representations and Warranties . Each of the Seller and the Guarantor hereby represents and warrants to the parties hereto that it is in compliance with all the terms and provisions set forth in the Program Agreements on its part to be observed or performed, and that no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, and hereby confirms and reaffirms, to the extent applicable, the representations and warranties contained in Section 13 of the Repurchase Agreement as of the date hereof are true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations relate to a date prior to the date hereof, in which case the representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such date. 

Section 8. Certain Matters Related to Purchased Assets and Repurchase Assets . 

(a) To the extent not delivered on the Amendment Effective Date or held by a Custodian pursuant to a Custodial Agreement, the Assigning Administrative Agent hereby agrees 

6 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/42489492v6 
 
 (i) to deliver to the Assignee Administrative Agent, to such locations as the Assignee Administrative Agent may designate from time to time, all instruments and certificates evidencing the Purchased Assets and/or Repurchase Assets constituting property that can be perfected by the possession by the Assignee Administrative Agent (collectively, the Existing Possessory Collateral ), now in the physical possession of the Assigning Administrative Agent; and (ii) in the event that Assigning Administrative Agent receives any possessory collateral from and after the Amendment Effective Date (the Future Possessory Collateral and, together with the Existing Possessory Collateral, the Possessory Collateral ), in error or otherwise, to promptly deliver to the Assignee Administrative Agent, to such locations, as the Assignee Administrative Agent shall have notified the Assigning Administrative Agent from time to time, any such Future Possessory Collateral. 

(b) Additionally, the Assigning Administrative Agent agrees that, with respect to any items of payment, proceeds of the Purchased Assets, Repurchase Assets or other collections it may receive from and after the Amendment Effective Date in connection with the Repurchase Documents and/or the other Program Agreements (collectively, the Collections ), the Assigning Administrative Agent agrees to promptly notify the Assignee Administrative Agent of its receipt thereof and to promptly deliver to the Assignee Administrative Agent in the same form as received, any such Collections to an account specified by the Assignee Administrative Agent at such time. 

(c) The Assigning Administrative Agent agrees that if, after the Amendment Effective Date, it shall continue to possess or control any Possessory Collateral, the Assigning Administrative Agent shall be deemed to possess or control such Possessory Collateral as a bailee or sub-agent on behalf and for the benefit of the Assignee Administrative Agent and the Assignee Buyer after the Amendment Effective Date for the purpose of perfecting the liens of the Assignee Administrative Agent and the Assignee Buyer. 

Section 9. Limited Effect . Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, the Repurchase Documents and the other Program Agreements shall continue to be, and shall remain, in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. 

Section 10. Severability . Each provision and agreement herein shall be treated as separate and independent from any other provision or agreement herein and shall be enforceable notwithstanding the unenforceability of any such other provision or agreement. 

Section 11. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment in a Portable Document Format (PDF) or by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart of this Amendment. The parties agree that this Amendment, any addendum or amendment hereto or any other document necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with the E-Sign, the UETA and any applicable state law. Any document accepted, executed or agreed to in conformity with such laws will be binding on all parties hereto to the same extent as if it were physically executed and each party hereby consents to the use of any secure third party electronic signature capture service providers, as long as such service providers use system logs and audit trails that establish a 

7 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/42489492v6 
 
 temporal and process link between the presentation of identity documents and the electronic signing, together with identifying information that can be used to verify the electronic signature and its attribution to the signer s identity and evidence of the signer s agreement to conduct the transaction electronically and of the signer s execution of each electronic signature. 

Section 12. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF . 

Section 13. Waiver of Requirements under Repurchase Documents and other Program Agreements . To the extent any of the Repurchase Documents or any of the other Program Agreements includes any notice or satisfaction of any condition to any of the transactions contemplated hereby, the requirement for such notice or satisfaction of any condition is hereby waived. 

Section 14. Program Agreement . This Amendment is a Program Agreement. 

[ Signature pages follo W] 
 
 8 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/42489492v6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective signatories thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 

COLUMN FINANCIAL, INC. , as Assigning Administrative Agent 
 
 By:	_______________________________ Name: Title: 
 CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH , as an Assigning Buyer 
 
 By:	_______________________________ Name: Title: 
 By:	_______________________________ Name: Title: 
 ALPINE SECURITIZATION LTD , as an Assigning Buyer, by Credit Suisse AG, NEW YORK BRANCH as Attorney-in-fact 

By:	_______________________________ Name: Title: 
 By:	_______________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 Signature Page to Omnibus Assignment, Assumption and Amendment (InPoint) 

INPOINT CS LOAN, LLC , as Seller 
 By:	 Name: Jason Fruchtman Title: Authorized Signatory 
 INPOINT COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME, INC. , as Guarantor 
 By:	 Name: Jason Fruchtman Title: Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Omnibus Assignment, Assumption and Amendment (InPoint) 

ATLAS SECURITIZED PRODUCTS 
 INVESTMENTS 2, L.P. , as Assignee Administrative Agent and 
 an Assignee Buyer 

By: Atlas Securitized Products GP, LLC, its general partner 
 By:	_______________________________ Name: William B. Kuesel Title: Vice President 

Signature Page to Omnibus Assignment, Assumption and Amendment (InPoint) 

Annex A 
 ASSIGNEE PARTY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES 
 (See attached) 
 
 Annex A 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/42489492v6 

Annex B 
 FORM OF POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that InPoint CS Loan, LLC Seller hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Atlas Securitized Products Investments 2, L.P. Administrative Agent and any officer or agent thereof, with full power of substitution, as its true and lawful attorney in fact with full irrevocable power and authority in the place and stead of Seller and in the name of Seller or in its own name, from time to time in Administrative Agent s discretion: 

(a) in the name of Seller, or in its own name, or otherwise, to take possession of and endorse and collect any checks, drafts, notes, acceptances or other instruments for the payment of moneys due with respect to any assets purchased by Administrative Agent on behalf of certain Buyers under the Master Repurchase Agreement (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified) dated February 15, 2018 (the Assets and to file any claim or to take any other action or proceeding in any court of law or equity or otherwise deemed appropriate by Administrative Agent for the purpose of collecting any and all such moneys due with respect to any other assets whenever payable; 

(b) to pay or discharge taxes and liens levied or placed on or threatened against the Assets; 

(c) to direct any party liable for any payment under any Assets to make payment of any and all moneys due or to become due thereunder directly to Administrative Agent or as Administrative Agent shall direct; (ii) to ask or demand for, collect, receive payment of and receipt for, any and all moneys, claims and other amounts due or to become due at any time in respect of or arising out of any Assets; (iii) to sign and endorse any invoices, assignments, verifications, notices and other documents in connection with any Assets; (iv) to commence and prosecute any suits, actions or proceedings at law or in equity in any court of competent jurisdiction to collect the Assets or any proceeds thereof and to enforce any other right in respect of any Assets; (v) to defend any suit, action or proceeding brought against Seller with respect to any Assets; (vi) to settle, compromise or adjust any suit, action or proceeding described in clause (iv) above and, in connection therewith, to give such discharges or releases as Administrative Agent may deem appropriate; and (vii) generally, to sell, transfer, pledge and make any agreement with respect to or otherwise deal with any Assets as fully and completely as though Administrative Agent were the absolute owner thereof for all purposes, and to do, at Administrative Agent s option and Seller s expense, at any time, and from time to time, all acts and things which Administrative Agent deems necessary to protect, preserve or realize upon the Assets and Administrative Agent s Liens thereon and to effect the intent of this Agreement, all as fully and effectively as Seller might do; 

(d) for the purpose of carrying out the transfer of servicing with respect to the Assets from Seller to a successor servicer appointed by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and to take any and all appropriate action and to execute any and all documents and instruments which may be necessary or desirable to accomplish such transfer of servicing, and, without limiting 

Annex B- 1 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/38169351v5 

the generality of the foregoing, Seller hereby gives Administrative Agent the power and right, on behalf of Seller, without assent by Seller, to, in the name of Seller or its own name, or otherwise, prepare and send or cause to be sent good bye letters to all mortgagors under the Assets, transferring the servicing of the Assets to a successor servicer appointed by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; 

(e) for the purpose of delivering any notices of sale to mortgagors or other third parties, including without limitation, those required by law. 

Seller hereby ratifies all that said attorneys shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is a power coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable. 
 Seller also authorizes Administrative Agent, from time to time, to execute, in connection with any sale, any endorsements, assignments or other instruments of conveyance or transfer with respect to the Assets. 
 TO INDUCE ANY THIRD PARTY TO ACT HEREUNDER, SELLER HEREBY AGREES THAT ANY THIRD PARTY RECEIVING A DULY EXECUTED COPY OR FACSIMILE OF THIS INSTRUMENT MAY ACT HEREUNDER, AND THAT REVOCATION OR TERMINATION HEREOF SHALL BE INEFFECTIVE AS TO SUCH THIRD PARTY UNLESS AND UNTIL ACTUAL NOTICE OR KNOWLEDGE OF SUCH REVOCATION OR TERMINATION SHALL HAVE BEEN RECEIVED BY SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S ASSIGNS, HEREBY AGREES TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS THAT MAY ARISE AGAINST SUCH THIRD PARTY BY REASON OF SUCH THIRD PARTY HAVING REASONABLY RELIED ON THE PROVISIONS OF THIS INSTRUMENT. 
 [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK. SIGNATURES FOLLOW.] 

Annex B- 2 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/38169351v5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF Seller has caused this Power of Attorney to be executed and Seller s seal to be affixed this ______ day of _____________, 202_. 
 
 InPoint CS Loan, LLC , as Seller 
 
 By: ____________________________ 
 Name: 
 Title: 

Signature Page to Power of Attorney 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/38169351v5 

STATE OF) 

ss.: 

COUNTY OF) 

On the ____ day of ______________, 202_ before me, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared ________________________________, known to me to be _____________________________________ of INPOINT CS LOAN, LLC, the institution that executed the within instrument and also known to me to be the person who executed it on behalf of said corporation, and acknowledged to me that such corporation executed the within instrument. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand affixed my office seal the day and year in this certificate first above written. 
 _____________________________ Notary Public 
 My Commission expires ________________________________ 
 
 	 Signature Page to Power of Attorney 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 LEGAL02/42489492v6 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 ck0001690012-ex10_22.htm
 EX-10.22

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.22 
 FIRST LOAN MODIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 THIS FIRST LOAN MODIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of March 9, 2023 (the Modification Closing Date ), between INPOINT REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Borrower ), and Western Alliance Bank , an Arizona corporation Lender ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. Lender heretofore extended to Borrower a revolving line of credit, which currently has a maximum principal amount of Seventy-Five Million and No/100 Dollars 75,000,000.00) (the Loan ), which Loan is currently evidenced by, without limitation, that certain Promissory Note, dated as of March 10, 2021, executed by Borrower in favor of Lender (together with any and all amendments thereto or modifications thereof, the Note ). 

B. In connection with the Loan, Borrower also executed and delivered to and in favor of Lender that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2021, between Borrower and Lender (together with any and all amendments thereto or modifications thereof, the Loan Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, Borrower granted to Lender a security interest in the Collateral (as defined in the Loan Agreement) to secure Borrower s obligations to Lender in connection with the Loan. 

C. Payment and performance of Borrower s indebtedness and obligations in connection with the Loan was guaranteed by INPOINT COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME, INC., a Maryland corporation, pursuant to the terms of that certain Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2021 (the Guaranty ). 

D. Lender perfected its interest in and to the Collateral by, inter alia , causing to be filed a UCC-1 Financing Statement with the Delaware Secretary of State on March 12, 2021, as Filing No. 20211993535 (the UCC Financing Statement ). Lender s security interest in the Collateral is first in priority and duly perfected under applicable law. 

E. The Loan Agreement, Note, the Guaranty, UCC Financing Statement, and all other assignments, agreements, instruments and other documents executed by Borrower or Guarantor in connection with the Loan shall at times hereinafter be referred to collectively as the Loan Documents . 

F. Borrower has requested that Lender modify the Loan and the Loan Documents as provided in this Agreement, and the Lender has agreed to such modifications, subject to, and conditioned upon, the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Recitals; Defined Terms . The Recitals are incorporated herein by this reference as are all exhibits. Borrower agrees and acknowledges that the factual information recited above is true and 

DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4 

correct. Except as may be otherwise expressly defined in this Agreement, all terms used in this Agreement beginning with a capital letter shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement. 

2. Acknowledgment of Debt . Borrower declares and acknowledges, for the specific reliance and benefit of Lender, that as of the Modification Closing Date, (a) Borrower has no right, claim, defense or right of offset of any kind or in any amount with respect to this Agreement, the Note, the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and (b) no amounts paid by Borrower to Lender pursuant to or in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement shall be applied to or set off against the principal balance of the Note. 

3. Reaffirmation of Obligations . This Agreement is, in part, a reaffirmation of the obligations, indebtedness and liability of Borrower to Lender as evidenced by the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Therefore, Borrower represents, warrants, acknowledges and agrees that, except as specified herein, all of the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents are and shall remain in full force and effect, without waiver or modification of any kind whatsoever, and are ratified and confirmed in all respects. 

4. Consent to Modification . In reliance upon the representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein by Borrower, but subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in Section 9 below, Lender hereby consents to this Agreement as of the Modification Closing Date. Lender s consent to this Agreement is not intended to be, and shall not be construed as, a consent to any subsequent request or action which requires Lender s consent pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents. 

5. Modification of the Loan and Loan Documents . Subject to the satisfaction of all conditions set forth in this Agreement, as of the Modification Closing Date, the Loan Documents will be modified and amended as follows: 

5.1 Modifications to the Loan Agreement: 

(a) The definition of Borrowing Base in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

Borrowing Base shall mean, with respect to Eligible Notes pledged as Collateral, the lesser of (i) an amount equal to the applicable percentage of the unpaid principal balance of those Collateral loans that are deemed to be Eligible Notes by Lender, in Lender s reasonable judgment LTB ), or (ii) an amount equal to the applicable percentage of the appraised value (as reflected in the most recent appraisal of the underlying real property collateral delivered by Borrower to, and accepted and approved by, Lender) of the underlying real property collateral securing those Collateral loans that are deemed to be Eligible Notes by Lender, in Lender s reasonable judgment LTV ), in any event in the aggregate up to the Maximum Amount, all as such applicable percentages and amounts are set forth in the table of Borrowing Base Limits and Sublimits attached hereto as Exhibit E . 
 DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4	 2 

(b) The definition of Extension in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 

(c) The definition of Ineligible Collateral in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

Ineligible Collateral means the following types of Collateral: 
 (1.) REO; 

(2.) Nonperforming Notes; 

(3.) Note Mortgages that have been subordinated; 

(4.) Notes not wholly owned by Borrower, including, without limitation, Notes under participation agreement or owned through joint ventures; 

(5.) Notes made by Borrower or any Guarantor, or their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, or trustees, or any Affiliates of any of the foregoing; 

(6.) Note Mortgages on mortgaged property with uses other than CRE Multifamily Property, CRE Mixed Use Property, CRE Office Property, CRE Retail Property, CRE Industrial Property, CRE Hospitality Property and vacant land; 

(7.) Note Mortgages for ground-up construction; 

(8.) Notes which have original maturities equal to or greater than the applicable amount of time set forth in Exhibit E for each of the permitted property or advance types; 

(9.) Notes which have been included in the Borrowing Base for periods exceeding the maximum dwell time set forth on Exhibit E for each of the permitted property types; 

(10.) Note Mortgages securing bridge or renovation loans which exceed the applicable sublimits set forth in Exhibit E for each of the permitted property types; 

(11.) Note Mortgages secured by mortgaged property located outside of the one hundred (100) largest metropolitan statistical areas; 

(12.) Any single Note which Advance amount would exceed 15,000,000.00; 

DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4	 3 

(13.) Except as otherwise accepted by Lender s Division Chief Credit Officer, any single Note which Advance amount would exceed 10,000,000.00; and 

(14.) Any other Collateral deemed ineligible by Lender in its reasonable discretion. 

(d) The definition of Maximum Amount in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

Maximum Amount means 40,000,000.00 unless this amount is expressly reduced or increased under the terms of this Agreement, in which event it means such lower or higher amount. 
 (e) The definition of Promissory Note in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

Promissory Note means the promissory note, dated as of March 10, 2021 in the stated principal amount of the Maximum Amount, executed by Borrower and payable to the order of Lender, and all amendments, extensions, renewals, replacements, increases, and modifications thereof. 
 (f) Section 2.3(f) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

(f)	 Compensating Balances . In the event at any time the Borrower s, Guarantor s and their Affiliates average unrestricted aggregate deposit account balances with Lender, measured quarterly for the previous three (3) calendar months, are less than (i) 3,750,000.00 for the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2023 or (ii) 5,000,000.00 commencing with the calendar quarter ending on September 30, 2023 and each calendar quarter thereafter , then the Stated Interest Rate set forth in the Promissory Note shall increase automatically by one-half of one percent (0.50 per annum beginning the following quarter in which the compensating balances in this Section are not maintained. These deposit account balances will be tested quarterly and to the extent that the average unrestricted aggregate deposit account balances once again exceed 5,000,000.00, the interest rate shall be re-set to the Stated Interest Rate set forth in the Promissory Note. 
 (g) Section 2.8 of the Loan Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with Intentionally Omitted . 

(h) Section 3.3 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended to delete March 10, 2023 and insert in lieu thereof March 10, 2025 . 

DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4	 4 

(i) Exhibit E of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and replaced in its entirety with Schedule 1 attached hereto. 

5.2 Modifications of the Note: 

(a) The face amount of the Note is hereby amended to delete 75,000,000.00 and insert in lieu thereof 40,000,000.00 . 

(b) The preamble is hereby amended to delete Seventy Five Million and No/100 Dollars 75,000,000.00) and insert in lieu thereof Forty Million and No/100 Dollars 40,000,000.00) . 

(c) The definition LIBOR Rate in Section 1 of the Note is hereby deleted in its entirety. 

(d) The following definition is hereby added to Section 1 of the Note in appropriate alphabetical order as follows: 

Term SOFR Rate means the 1-month Term SOFR Reference Rate Term SOFR which is published for loans in United States Dollars by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited and is obtained by Lender from Bloomberg Financial Services Systems with the code SR1M (or, if no longer available, any similar or successor publication selected by Lender). 
 (e) Section 3 of the Note is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

3. 	 Stated Interest Rate . Except as provided in Section 4 below, the principal balance outstanding hereunder from time to time shall bear interest at the Stated Interest Rate. Except to the extent affected by Section 2.3(f) of the Loan Agreement, the Stated Interest Rate shall be equal to the greater of: (i) Term SOFR Rate plus three and one half of one percent (3.50 ), which interest rate shall change when and as the Term SOFR Rate changes; or (ii) six percent (6.00 per annum (the Floor ). 
 The Term SOFR Rate shall initially be determined on the date of this Agreement and shall thereafter be adjusted monthly on the first day of each calendar month to be the Term SOFR determined by Lender to be in effect on such date. If Lender determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that either of the following has occurred: (i) Term SOFR ceases to exist or is no longer available; or (ii) a public announcement by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of Term SOFR, or a determination made by Lender, that Term SOFR is no longer representative, then commencing on the next reset date, the interest rate hereunder shall be replaced with such alternate base rate and spread (collectively, Benchmark Replacement as Lender determines in its sole 
 DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4	 5 

discretion to be most comparable to the then-current interest rate. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to this Section 3 would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Note and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Lender will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of Borrower. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes, such as changes to the definitions of Business Day, Interest Period, or timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, that Lender decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Lender decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Lender determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as Lender decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Note and the other Loan Documents). 
 
 5.3 Modifications to the Guaranty 

(a) Recital A of the Guaranty is hereby amended to delete 75,000,000.00 and insert in lieu thereof 40,000,000.00 . 

6. Agreement as a Loan Document . From and after the Modification Closing Date, this Agreement and any other documents and instruments executed in connection herewith shall each constitute one of the Loan Documents. 

7. Effective Date of Agreement . This Agreement and the amendments provided for herein shall be effective as of the date set forth above, subject to the timely and complete satisfaction of each and all of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 9 of this Agreement. 

8. Borrower s Representations and Warranties . Borrower hereby represents and warrants to Lender, and covenants and agrees with Lender, as follows: 

A. Borrower has full legal right, power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Borrower and the consummation by Borrower of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary 

DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4	 6 

action by or on behalf of Borrower. This Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms. 

B. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Borrower, nor the consummation by Borrower of the transactions contemplated hereby, conflicts with or constitutes a violation or a default under any law applicable to Borrower, or any contract, commitment, agreement, arrangement or restriction of any kind to which Borrower is a party, by which Borrower is bound or to which any of Borrower s property or assets is subject. 

C. There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending, or to the knowledge of Borrower threatened against or affecting Borrower in relation to its obligations to Lender, or involving the validity and enforceability of this Agreement, the Loan Agreement, the Note, the Guaranty or any of the other Loan Documents, as applicable, or the priority of any liens given by Borrower to Lender in accordance with the Loan Agreement, and the other Loan Documents, at Law or in equity, or before or by any governmental agency, or which could have an adverse effect on the financial condition, operations, properties, assets, liabilities or earnings of Borrower, or the ability of Borrower to perform its obligations to Lender. 

D. Borrower hereby reaffirms and confirms that the representations and warranties of Borrower contained in the Loan Documents are true, correct and complete in all respects as of the date of this Agreement. 

E. Borrower is in full and complete compliance with the terms, covenants, provisions and conditions of the Loan Agreement, the Note, the Guaranty and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. 

All covenants, representations and warranties of Borrower herein are incorporated by reference and hereby made a part of the Loan Agreement and the Guaranty, as applicable. 
 9. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Agreement . The effectiveness of this Agreement shall be expressly conditioned upon the following having occurred or Lender having received all of the following, in form and content satisfactory to Lender, in its sole and absolute discretion, and suitable for filing or recording, as the case may be, as required: 

A. This Agreement, fully executed by Borrower; 

B. There shall be no Event of Default by Borrower or Guarantor under any of the Loan Documents; 

C. Such additional information, assignments, agreements, resolutions, certificates, reports, approvals, instruments, documents, subordination agreements, financing statements, consents and opinions as Lender may request, in its sole and absolute opinion and judgment, in connection with this Agreement and/or any of the matters which are the subject of this Agreement; 

D. Payment by Borrower of a fully-earned and non-refundable extension fee (the Extension Fee in the amount of 100,000.00, due upon execution and delivery of this Agreement; and 

DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4	 7 

E. Payment of any fees and costs of Lender in connection with the preparation, negotiation, administration and execution of this Agreement including, but not limited to, attorneys fees, and other costs and fees of other professionals retained by Lender. 

10. General Release of Lender . Except as to the obligations imposed upon Lender, as provided herein, Borrower, on behalf of itself and its successors and assigns, and each of them, do each hereby forever relieve, release, acquit and discharge Lender, and its predecessors, successors and assigns, and their respective past and present attorneys, accountants, insurers, representatives, affiliates, partners, subsidiaries, officers, employees, directors, and shareholders, and each of them (collectively, the Released Parties ), from any and all claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, promises, acts, agreements, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees), damages, injuries, actions and causes of action, of whatever kind or nature, whether legal or equitable, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or fixed, which Borrower now owns or holds or has at any time heretofore owned or held or may at any time hereafter own or hold against the Released Parties, or any of them, by reason of any acts, facts, transactions or any circumstances whatsoever occurring or existing through the date of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, those based upon, arising out of, appertaining to, or in connection with the Recitals above, the Loan, the Loan Documents, the facts pertaining to this Agreement, any collateral heretofore granted to Lender or granted in connection herewith, or to any other obligations of Borrower to Lender. 

11. Miscellaneous. 

A. Section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement. 

B. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts but all of the counterparts shall constitute one agreement; provided, however, this Agreement shall not be effective and enforceable unless and until it is executed by all parties hereto. 

C. This Agreement and the other documents and instruments executed in connection therewith constitute the product of the negotiation of the parties hereto and the enforcement hereof shall be interpreted in a neutral manner, and not more strongly for or against any party based upon the source of the draftsmanship hereof. 

D. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Lender and Borrower, and each of them, and their respective successors and assigns, except that Borrower shall not assign its rights hereunder or any interest therein without the prior written consent of Lender. 

E. This Agreement is not a novation, nor, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, is it to be construed as a release or modification of any of the terms, conditions, warranties, waivers or rights set forth in the Loan Documents. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by Lender of any required performance by Borrower of any Event of Default or default heretofore or hereafter occurring under or in connection with the other Loan Documents. In the event there is a conflict in any term, condition or provision of this Agreement, on the one hand, and the Loan Agreement, the Guaranty, or any of the other Loan Documents, on the other hand, the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement are to control. 

DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4	 8 

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 
 
 DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4	 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower and Lender have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date set forth above. 
 BORROWER : 
 INPOINT REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership 
 By: InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner 
 By: 						 
 Name: Jason Fruchtman 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 
 [Signature Page to First Loan Modification Agreement] 

LENDER : 
 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK, an Arizona corporation 
 By: 						 
 Name: 	Kenneth C. Hedberg 
 Title:	Senior Vice President 

[Signature Page to First Loan Modification Agreement] 

SCHEDULE 1 TO FIRST LOAN MODIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 EXHIBIT E 
 BORROWING BASE AND SUBLIMITS 

DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4	Schedule 1 

CONSENT AND AGREEMENT OF GUARANTOR 
 With respect to the First Loan Modification Agreement dated effective March 9, 2023 (the Agreement ), by and between (i) INPOINT REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Borrower ), and (ii) WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK, an Arizona corporation, Lender ), the undersigned Guarantor agrees for the benefit of Lender as follows: 
 1. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this Consent and Agreement of Guarantor (this Consent will correspond to the capitalized terms used in the Agreement. Guarantor acknowledges: (i) receiving a copy of and reading the Agreement, (ii) that Guarantor is not aware of anything that disproves the accuracy of the Recitals in the Agreement, and (iii) the continuing effectiveness of the Limited Guaranty Agreement (the Guaranty to which Guarantor is a party, and any other agreements, documents, or instruments securing or otherwise relating to such Guaranty previously executed and delivered by the undersigned to Lender. 

2. Guarantor reaffirms (i) the representations and warrantees in the Guaranty as of the date of this Consent, and (ii) its obligations to Lender under the Guaranty, and agrees that the Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect, without waiver or modification of any kind whatsoever, and is ratified and confirmed in all respects, as modified by the Agreement. 

3. Guarantor acknowledges and confirms that Guarantor has no claims, counterclaims, defenses, offsets, or adverse claims of any kind with respect to the enforcement of Lender s rights and remedies against Borrower and against the Guarantor under the Guaranty and the other Loan Documents. 

4. This Consent may be signed in any number of counterparts. Facsimile or e-mail copies of signatures on this Consent will be deemed acceptable as original signatures. 

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGES.] 
 
 DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DMFIRM #406744954 v4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Guarantor has executed this Consent dated effective as of the date first written above. 
 GUARANTOR : 
 INPOINT COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME, INC., a Maryland corporation 
 By: 						 
 Name: 	Jason Fruchtman 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to Consent and Agreement of Guarantor] 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 ck0001690012-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name of Subsidiary 
 State of Organization 

InPoint Chicago Bryn Mawr, LLC 
 Delaware 

InPoint CS Loan, LLC 
 Delaware 

InPoint JPM Loan, LLC 
 Delaware 

InPoint REIT Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 

InPoint REIT Operating Partnership, LP 
 Delaware 

InPoint TRS, LLC 
 Delaware 

InPoint Sub-REIT, LLC 
 Delaware 

InPoint Sub-REIT Common, LLC 
 Delaware 

Sound Point CRE CLO 2020-1 Co-Issuer, LLC 
 Delaware 

Sound Point CRE CLO 2020-1 Issuer, Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands 

Sound Point CRE CLO 2020-1 Holder, LLC 
 Delaware 

2 
 163504-3 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 5
 ck0001690012-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 I, Mitchell A. Sabshon, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Name: 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 ck0001690012-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 
 I, Catherine L. Lynch, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Catherine L. Lynch 

Name: 
 Catherine L. Lynch 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 ck0001690012-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Mitchell A. Sabshon, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Name: 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 ck0001690012-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Catherine L. Lynch, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of her knowledge: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Catherine L. Lynch 

Name: 
 Catherine L. Lynch 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 ck0001690012-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 ck0001690012-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 ck0001690012-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 ck0001690012-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 ck0001690012-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

