<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1903392_0001213900-23-012940.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3861963</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>336734</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>770297</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>825005</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>953409</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>882550</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-012940.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217170750
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-012940
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ClimateRock
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001903392
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41363
		FILM NUMBER:		23643794

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 SLOANE AVENUE
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			SW3 3DD
		BUSINESS PHONE:		447747767496

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 SLOANE AVENUE
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			SW3 3DD

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-012940.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_climaterock.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , N/A (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, one-half of one Redeemable Warrant and one Right CLRCU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 CLRCW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination CLRCR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the outstanding
shares of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant,
computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022. as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market was
 . 

As of February 17, 2023, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant
issued and outstanding. 

CLIMATEROCK 
FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 27 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 29 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 29 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 29 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 29 
 
 PART II 
 30 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common
 Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 30 
 
 Item 6. 
 (RESERVED) 
 30 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 31 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
 About Market Risk. 
 43 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data. 
 43 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With
 Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 43 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 43 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 44 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
 That Prevent Inspections. 
 44 
 
 PART III 
 45 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance. 
 45 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 50 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
 Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 51 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions and Director Independence. 
 53 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 55 
 
 PART IV 
 56 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedule. 
 56 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 56 

i 

PART 1 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
formed on December 6, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. We may pursue
an initial business combination target in any industry or sector, but we are focused on acquiring a target within the sustainable energy
industry in the OECD countries, including climate change, environment, renewable energy and emerging, clean technologies, such as EEW.
While we are not limited to investing in a company in a specific geographic region, we are focused on the OECD countries and regions with
strong policy and regulatory support for the green energy transition. Management believes that this offers considerable, attractive acquisition
opportunities given the current OECD ESG principles and the opportunity for growth and financial return. 

Initial Public Offering 

On May 2, 2022, we consummated
our initial public offering of 7,875,000 units, including 375,000 units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise
of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one public share, one-half of one public warrant, and one public right. Each whole
warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per whole share. The units were sold at a price
of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 78,750,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 3,762,500 private placement warrants to our sponsor at
a purchase price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 3,762,500. 

A total of 79,931,250 of
the net proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants was placed in the trust account maintained
by Continental acting as trustee. 

It is the job of our sponsor
and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Per Regnarsson, our Chief Executive Officer
and a director on our board. Mr. Regnarsson is supported by Charles Ratelband V, the Executive Chairman of our board of directors. We
must complete our initial business combination by May 2, 2023, 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering. If our initial
business combination is not consummated by May 2, 2023, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust
account. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend
the period of time to consummate a business combination by two additional three month periods (for a total of up to 18 months to complete
a business combination) as described below. 

EEW Business Combination 

This section describes
the material provisions of the EEW Business Combination Agreement but does not purport to describe all of the terms thereof. The following
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the EEW Business Combination Agreement, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 2.1. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used below are defined in the EEW Business Combination Agreement. 

General Description of the EEW Business
Combination Agreement 

On October 6, 2022, we entered
into the EEW Business Combination Agreement with Pubco, Merger Sub and EEW. Pursuant to the EEW Business Combination Agreement, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein, at the EEW Closing, (a) Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company
continuing as the surviving entity, as a result of which, (i) the Company shall become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and (ii) each
issued and outstanding security of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time will no longer be outstanding and will automatically
be cancelled, in exchange for the right of the holder thereof to receive a substantially equivalent security of Pubco, and (b)(i) Pubco
will make an offer to acquire each issued and outstanding EEW ordinary share in consideration for the issue and allotment of substantially
equivalent securities in Pubco and (ii) Pubco will also offer each holder of EEW s outstanding unvested and vested options to purchase
EEW ordinary shares, replacement options to purchase Pubco Ordinary Shares, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the EEW Business Combination Agreement and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands
and the laws of England and Wales. We expect to close the EEW Business Combination in the first half of 2023. 

1 

Company Share Transfer and Pubco Offer 

The total consideration to
be offered by Pubco to the Sellers will be a number of Pubco Ordinary Shares (the Exchange Shares with an aggregate value
equal to Six Hundred Fifty Million U.S. Dollars 650,000,000), with each Pubco Ordinary Share valued at an amount equal to the price
at which each of the Company s ordinary share is redeemed or converted pursuant to the redemption of the Company s ordinary
shares pursuant to the Company s organizational documents (the Redemption Price ). 

Once the EEW Registration
Statement, which shall include the Exchange Offer Prospectus (as defined below), has become effective, Pubco will make an offer in accordance
with the applicable rules and regulation under the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006 (c 46), as amended (the UK Act ), to
acquire all of the issued and to be issued ordinary shares of EEW by promptly distributing the EEW Registration Statement together with
a form of shareholder acceptance to all EEW shareholders (the Pubco Offer ). The Pubco Offer will be subject to the following
two conditions: (i) the holders of not less than 90 of the EEW ordinary shares (or such lower percentage as Pubco, with the consent of
EEW, may decide) shall have accepted the Pubco Offer, and (ii) all of the other conditions under the EEW Business Combination Agreement
shall have been either satisfied or waived, at which point Pubco may declare the Pubco Offer wholly unconditional. 

As a result of declaring
the Pubco Offer wholly unconditional, the EEW Business Combination Agreement will also become unconditional and Pubco shall be contractually
obligated to acquire each EEW ordinary share that has validly accepted the Pubco Offer in accordance with its terms and the UK Act, in
consideration for the issuance and allotment of a number of Exchange Shares equal to the Per Share Price (as defined in the EEW Business
combination Agreement) divided by the Redemption Price (the Conversion Ratio ). Pubco will, promptly following the date that
the Pubco Offer becomes unconditional, serve statutory squeeze out notices, in accordance with the UK Act, on all holders of the EEW ordinary
shares that have not, at the date of such notice, accepted the Pubco Offer with respect to their EEW ordinary shares. 

In addition, Pubco will make
an offer to the holders of each outstanding option to purchase EEW ordinary shares (whether vested or unvested) to replace such options
with options over Pubco Ordinary Shares (each a Pubco Option ). Each Pubco Option will: (i) give the holder the right to
acquire a number of Pubco ordinary shares equal to (A) the number of EEW ordinary shares that the EEW option had the right to acquire
immediately prior to the Effective Time (had such EEW options been fully vested at the Effective Time), multiplied by (B) the Conversion
Ratio; (ii) have an exercise price equal to the quotient of (A) the exercise price of the EEW option (expressed in US Dollars), divided
by the Conversion Ratio and (iii) be subject to the same vesting schedule as the applicable EEW option. 

Representations and Warranties 

The EEW Business Combination
Agreement contains a number of representations and warranties made by the parties as of the date of such agreement or other specific dates
solely for the benefit of certain of the parties to the EEW Business Combination Agreement, which in certain cases are subject to specified
exceptions and materiality, Material Adverse Effect (as defined below), knowledge and other qualifications contained in the EEW Business
Combination Agreement or in information provided pursuant to certain disclosure schedules to the EEW Business Combination Agreement. Material
Adverse Effect as used in the EEW Business Combination Agreement means with respect to any specified person or entity, any fact,
event, occurrence, change or effect that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material
adverse effect on the business, assets, liabilities, results of operations, or financial condition of such person or entity and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or the ability of such person or entity or any of its subsidiaries on a timely basis to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the EEW Business Combination Agreement, or to perform its obligations under the EEW Business Combination Agreement or
any agreement ancillary thereto, in each case subject to certain customary exceptions. The representations and warranties made by the
parties are customary for transactions similar to the EEW Transactions. 

In the EEW Business Combination
Agreement, EEW made certain customary representations and warranties to the Company, including among others, related to the following:
(1) corporate matters, including due organization, existence and good standing; (2) authority and binding effect relative to execution
and delivery of the EEW Business Combination Agreement and other ancillary documents; (3) capitalization; (4) subsidiaries; (5) governmental
approvals; (6) non-contravention; (7) financial statements; (8) absence of certain changes; (9) compliance with laws; (10) permits; (11)
litigation; (12) material contracts; (13) intellectual property; (14) taxes and returns; (15) real property; (16) personal property; (17)
title to and sufficiency of assets; (18) employee matters; (19) benefit plans; (20) environmental matters; (21) transactions with related
persons; (22) insurance; (23) certain business practices; (24) renewable energy matters; (25) Investment Company Act of 1940; (26) finders
and brokers; (27) information supplied; and (28) independent investigation. 

2 

In the EEW Business Combination
Agreement, the Company made certain customary representations and warranties to EEW and Pubco, including among others, related to the
following: (1) corporate matters, including due organization, existence and good standing; (2) authority and binding effect relative to
execution and delivery of the EEW Business Combination Agreement and other ancillary documents; (3) governmental approvals; (4) non-contravention;
(5) capitalization; (6) the SEC filings and financial statements; (7) reporting company and listing; (8) absence of certain changes; (9)
compliance with laws; (10) litigation, orders and permits; (11) taxes and returns; (12) employees and employee benefit plans; (13) properties;
(14) material contracts; (15) transactions with affiliates; (16) Investment Company Act of 1940; (17) finders and brokers; (18) certain
business practices; (19) insurance; (20) information supplied; (21) independent investigation; (22) the trust account and (23) lock-up
agreements. 

Additionally, each of Pubco
and Merger Sub made certain customary representations and warranties to the Company with respect to Pubco and Merger Sub, including representations
and warranties related to the following: (1) corporate matters, including due organization, existence and good standing; (2) authority
and binding effect relative to execution and delivery of the EEW Business Combination Agreement and other ancillary documents; (3) governmental
approvals; (4) non-contravention; (5) capitalization; (6) title and ownership of the Pubco shares to be issued to the Sellers; (7) Pubco
and Merger Sub activities; (8) foreign private issuer status; (9) finders and brokers; (10) Investment Company Act of 1940; (11) information
supplied; and (12) independent investigation. 

None of the representations
and warranties of the parties shall survive the EEW Closing. 

Covenants of the Parties 

Each party agreed in the
EEW Business Combination Agreement to use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the EEW Closing. The EEW Business Combination
Agreement also contains certain customary covenants by each of the parties during the period between the signing of the EEW Business Combination
Agreement and the earlier of the EEW Closing or the termination of the EEW Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms,
including covenants regarding: (1) the provision of access to their properties, books and personnel; (2) the operation of their respective
businesses in the ordinary course of business; (3) the Company s public filings and EEW s interim financial statements; (4)
no solicitation of, or entering into, any alternative competing transactions; (5) no insider trading; (6) notifications of certain breaches,
consent requirements or other matters; (7) efforts to consummate the EEW Closing and obtain third party and regulatory approvals; (8)
further assurances; (9) public announcements; (10) confidentiality; (11) indemnification of directors and officers; (12) use of trust
proceeds after the EEW Closing; and (13) efforts to support a private placement or backstop arrangements, if sought. 

The parties also agreed to
take all necessary actions to cause Pubco s board of directors immediately after the EEW Closing to consist of a board of between
seven (7) to nine (9) directors, comprised of: (A) if there are seven (7) directors: (i) two (2) persons who are designated by the Company
prior to the EEW Closing upon mutual agreement with EEW s chairman, and (ii) five (5) persons who are designated by EEW prior to
the EEW Closing; and (B) if there are nine (9) directors: (i) three (3) persons who are designated by the Company prior to the EEW Closing
upon mutual agreement with EEW s chairman, and (ii) six (6) persons who are designated by EEW prior to the EEW Closing. The initial
directors designated by the Company will include Charles Ratelband and Per Regnarsson. 

The Company and Pubco also
agreed to prepare, with the reasonable assistance of EEW, and Pubco will file with the SEC, the EEW Registration Statement in connection
with the registration under the Securities Act of the issuance of securities of Pubco to the holders of the Company s securities
and EEW securities, which will also contain (i) a proxy statement/prospectus for the purpose of soliciting proxies from the shareholders
of the Company for the matters relating to the EEW Transactions to be acted on at the extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders
of the Company, and providing such holders with an opportunity to participate in the redemption of all or a portion of their public shares
of the Company upon the EEW Closing (the Redemption ), and (ii) an exchange offer prospectus of Pubco for use in connection
with the Pubco Offer to the EEW shareholders (the Exchange Offer Prospectus ). 

The parties also agreed that
promptly after the execution of the EEW Business Combination Agreement, EEW would use its best efforts to complete the re-registration
of EEW as a private company limited by shares (the Re-Registration ), including, among other things, passing a special resolution
by the requisite majority of EEW s shareholders to (A) re-register EEW as a private company limited by shares, (B) change the name
of EEW to E.E.W. Eco Energy World Limited (or such other name as EEW shall nominate) and (C) adopt new articles of association
of EEW. 

3 

Conditions to EEW Closing 

The obligations of the parties
to consummate the EEW Transactions are subject to various conditions, including the following mutual conditions of the parties unless
waived: (i) the approval of the EEW Business Combination Agreement and the EEW Transactions and related matters by the requisite vote
of the Company s shareholders; (ii) expiration of any waiting period under applicable antitrust laws; (iii) no law or order preventing
or prohibiting the EEW Transactions; (iv) the Company having at least 5,000,001 in net tangible assets as of the Closing, after giving
effect to the completion of the Redemption, (v) the effectiveness of the EEW Registration Statement; (vi) Pubco s initial listing
application on Nasdaq shall have been approved and (vii) the Pubco Offer shall be declared to be wholly unconditional by Pubco. 

In addition, unless waived
by EEW, the obligations of EEW to consummate the EEW Transactions are subject to the satisfaction of the following EEW Closing conditions,
in addition to the delivery of customary certificates and other closing deliveries: (i) the representations and warranties of (A) the
Company relating to authorization and binding effect, organization and standing, capitalization, and finders and brokers, and (B) Pubco
relating to authorization and binding effect, organization and standing, finders and brokers, and capitalization being, in each case,
true and correct on and as of the EEW Closing in all material respects; (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company relating
to absence of certain changes being true and correct in all respects on and as of the EEW Closing; (iii) all other representations and
warranties of the Company being true and correct on and as of the EEW Closing, subject to Material Adverse Effect; (iv) the company having
performed in all material respects its obligations and complied in all material respects with its covenants and agreements under the EEW
Business Combination Agreement required to be performed or complied with by it on or prior the date of the EEW Closing; (v) absence of
any Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date of the EEW Business Combination Agreement which is continuing and
uncured; and (iv) after taking into consideration the Redemption, the trust account proceeds and the proceeds of any private placement,
and payment of EEW s and the Company s transaction expenses, the amount of cash available to the Company should equal Forty
Million Dollars 40,000,000) or more at the EEW Closing. 

Unless waived by the Company,
the obligations of the Company to consummate the EEW Transactions are subject to the satisfaction of the following EEW Closing conditions,
in addition to the delivery of customary certificates and other closing deliveries: (i) the representations and warranties of EEW relating
to authority and binding effect, finders and brokers, and capitalization being, in each case, true and correct on and as of the EEW Closing
in all material respects; (ii) the representations and warranties of EEW relating to absence of certain changes being true and correct
in all respects on and as of the EEW Closing; (iii) all other representations and warranties of EEW being true and correct on and as of
the EEW Closing, subject to Material Adverse Effect; (iv) EEW having performed in all material respects the respective obligations and
complied in all material respects with their respective covenants and agreements under the EEW Business Combination Agreement required
to be performed or complied with on or prior the date of the EEW Closing; (v) absence of any Material Adverse Effect with respect to EEW
since the date of the EEW Business Combination Agreement which is continuing and uncured, (vi) EEW shall have delivered to the Company
a certified copy of the certificate of incorporation of EEW following completion of the Re-registration and (vii) EEW shall have confirmed
to the Company in writing that it has informed the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers in the United Kingdom of completion of the Re-registration. 

Termination 

The EEW Business Combination
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the EEW Closing by either the Company or EEW if the EEW Closing does not occur by April
29, 2023, or such other date that the parties agree to in writing (the Outside Date ). 

The EEW Business Combination
Agreement may also be terminated under certain other customary and limited circumstances at any time prior the EEW Closing, including,
among other reasons: (i) by mutual written consent of the Company and EEW; (ii) by either the Company or EEW if a governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting
the EEW Transactions, and such order or other action has become final and non-appealable; (iii) by EEW for the Company s uncured
material breach of the EEW Business Combination Agreement, such that the related EEW Closing condition would not be met; (iv) by the Company
for the uncured material breach of the EEW Business Combination Agreement by EEW, such that the related EEW Closing condition would not
be met; (v) by the Company if there has been a Material Adverse Effect with respect to EEW since the date of the EEW Business Combination
Agreement which is uncured and continuing; and (vi) by either the Company or EEW if the Company holds its extraordinary general meeting
of its shareholders to approve the EEW Business Combination Agreement and the EEW Transactions and such approval is not obtained. 

4 

If the EEW Business Combination
Agreement is terminated, all further obligations of the parties under the EEW Business Combination Agreement (except for certain obligations
related to publicity, confidentiality, fees and expenses, trust fund waiver, termination and general provisions) will terminate, and no
party to the EEW Business Combination Agreement will have any further liability to any other party thereto except for liability for fraud
or for willful breach of the EEW Business Combination Agreement prior to termination. 

Trust Account Waiver, Non-Recourse and Releases 

EEW has agreed that it and
its affiliates will not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Company s trust account
held for its public shareholders, and have agreed not to, and waived any right to, make any claim against the trust account (including
any distributions therefrom). 

The parties agreed that all
claims or actions that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to the EEW Business Combination Agreement or any of the ancillary documents
may only be made against the parties to the EEW Business Combination Agreement and not against any of their past present or future directors,
officers, employees, members, managers, partners affiliates, agents, attorneys or representatives. 

Governing Law and Arbitration 

The EEW Business Combination
Agreement is governed by Delaware law, except that the laws of England and Wales, and the laws of Cayman Islands solely to the extent
required, shall apply to the Pubco Offer, Company Share Transfer, and the Merger, respectively, in each case without giving effect to
the conflict of laws principles. All actions arising out of or relating to the EEW Business Combination Agreement shall be heard and determined
exclusively in any state or federal court located in New Castle County, Delaware. 

New Registration Rights Agreement 

At the EEW Closing, certain
Sellers and our sponsor will enter the New Registration Rights Agreement with Pubco, pursuant to which (i) Pubco will assume the registration
obligations of the Company under that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2022, by and among the Company, our
sponsor and the other Investors named therein, which obligations will be applicable to the securities of Pubco; and (ii)
such Sellers will receive demand and piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Exchange Shares received in the EEW Transactions. 

Shareholder Commitment Letters 

Concurrently with execution
of the EEW Business Combination Agreement, certain major shareholders of EEW (the Major Shareholders entered into shareholder
commitment letters (the Shareholder Commitment Letters with Pubco, pursuant to which the Major Shareholders irrevocably
agreed to (i) vote in favor of the Re-Registration and the adoption of new articles of association pursuant to which any EEW ordinary
shares issued after the Pubco Offer is declared unconditional would be automatically sold and transferred to Pubco for consideration equivalent
to that offered pursuant to the Pubco Offer and (ii) accept the Pubco Offer when it is made and not withdraw such acceptance. The Major
Shareholders also agreed to certain restrictions on the sale and transfer of their EEW shares and solicitation with respect to such shares
without Pubco s consent. 

Holder Support Agreement 

Concurrently with execution
of the EEW Business Combination Agreement, our sponsor entered into the Holder Support Agreement, pursuant to which our sponsor agreed,
among other things, to vote in favor of the adoption of the EEW Business Combination and the EEW Transactions. In addition, our sponsor
agreed to not transfer the Pubco shares it receives for a period of 180 days after the date of the EEW Closing, subject to certain exceptions,
including that up to 1.6 million in shares may be sold immediately after the EEW Closing to satisfy obligations due to an advisor of
the Company. Our sponsor also agreed to waive the anti-dilution protection for conversion of its Class B ordinary shares of the Company
that it would otherwise have upon the consummation of the EEW Business Combination. 

5 

The EEW Business Combination
Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the respective parties made to each other as of the date of such agreement
or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties, covenants and agreements were made for purposes
of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection
with negotiating such agreement. The EEW Business Combination Agreement has been filed to provide investors with information regarding
its terms, but it is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, EEW, Pubco or any other party to the EEW
Business Combination Agreement. In particular, the representations and warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the EEW Business
Combination Agreement, which were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the
parties to the EEW Business Combination Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties (including being
qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the EEW Business Combination
Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts) and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting
parties that differ from those applicable to investors and reports and documents filed with the SEC. Investors should not rely on the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts
or condition of any party to the EEW Business Combination Agreement. In addition, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
and other terms of the EEW Business Combination Agreement may be subject to subsequent waiver or modification. Moreover, information concerning
the subject matter of the representations and warranties and other terms may change after the date of the EEW Business Combination Agreement,
which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Company s public disclosures. 

The Holder Support Agreement,
the Shareholder Commitment Letters and the form of New Registration Rights Agreement are filed with this Report as Exhibits 10.21, 10.22
and 10.23 and 10.24, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing descriptions of the New Registration Rights
Agreement, Shareholder Commitment Letters and the Holder Support Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference thereto. 

Other than as specifically
discussed, this Report does not assume the closing of the EEW Business Combination. 

Our Team 

We intend to capitalize on
the seasoned operating experience of our management team, led by Per Regnarsson, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, who has over
15 years of investment and management experience and successful track record across several sustainable energy sectors. Mr. Regnarsson
has strong working relationships with the clean energy investment community in North America, the United Kingdom, Scandinavia and the
rest of Europe, including growth capital, infrastructure finance, family offices, major industrial groups and pension funds. 

Mr. Regnarsson s experience
extends to the entire value chain and asset life cycles of global renewable energy, including integrated ESG solutions that embrace the
circular economy and have real impact. His executive roles include strategic advisory, executive boards, investment decisions and overall
project developments. Prior to his involvement in the sustainable energy sectors, Mr. Regnarsson was an investment banker and provided
corporate finance and capital markets advisory services to public and private companies in the energy, transportation and engineering
sectors. 

Mr. Regnarsson is supported
by Mr. Charles Ratelband V, who is the founder of WindShareFund, a Netherlands-based private equity firm, and has been serving as the
Managing Director since WindShareFund s creation ten years ago. WindShareFund s core goal is to make investing in a better
environment simple and attractive for a large audience, contributing to the transition to sustainable, green energy. WindShareFund has
launched and successfully closed several debt financing vehicles that invest in wind turbines in Germany. 

Past performance by the members
of our management team in their other endeavors or the other entities with which they are or have been affiliated is not a guarantee of
future success. We cannot assure you that any business combination we consummate will be successful. You should not rely on the historical
record of our management team s performance, or the performance of any other entities with which our management team is or has been
affiliated, as indicative of our future performance or how an investment in our Company will perform or the returns our Company will,
or is likely to, generate going forward. 

6 

Business and Investment Strategies 

While we may pursue an initial
business combination in any industry or geographic region, our investment strategy focuses our efforts in the sustainable energy industry
in the OECD countries, specifically within climate change, environment, renewable energy and emerging, clean technologies. 

After the 26th United Nations
Climate Change conference, commonly known as COP26, there has been renewed pressure for both governments and corporations to accelerate
their transition to renewable sources in order to meet de-carbonization targets. Reducing carbon emissions, whether through cleaner energy,
alternative modes of production, operation, or other means, is paramount for both political and corporate leaders in shaping and achieving
their environmental aspirations. Most environmental scenarios assume that to limit global temperatures to less than a 1.5 C increase
in global temperatures in the period 2030-2050 from pre-industrial levels, renewable energy will need to account for least a 60 share
of the total global primary energy supply and under the International Energy Agency IEA s pathway to net zero target,
90 of global electricity generation in 2050 will need to come from renewable sources, with solar photovoltaic and wind together accounting
for nearly 70 . To accomplish this, total annual global investment in clean power and enabling system infrastructure needs to rise from
US 380 billion in 2020 to 1.6 trillion by 2030. Given the substantial sums of capital necessary to drive this shift to renewable energy
sources, we believe that the public capital markets, supported by project finance lenders, will continue to provide the most efficient
pathway for these financing needs. 

The key focus of our Company
is to invest in a responsible and sustainable manner. All investments and investment vehicles are based on this principle. We also adhere
to the principles described in the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment PRI and the principles of ESG.
By investing accordingly, we want to actively contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals set by the United Nations in 2015, primarily
Goal 7 (affordable and clean energy), Goal 11 (sustainable cities and communities), Goal 12 (responsible consumption and production) and
Goal 13 (climate action). We focus our efforts to invest in accordance with the following key commercial criteria: 

Attractive market opportunity. 
We believe that there is a clear need for companies that share our corporate values and industry perspective to become part of our publicly
listed clean energy platform to allow for accelerated follow-on growth opportunities. Recent global attention to sustainability, economic
progress, human capital, along with its social, political and financial environment suggests that the clean energy market will remain
a core and growing asset class and provide significant investment opportunities over the next several years. Early leadership in Europe
and significant growth opportunities in the Asia-Pacific region will in our opinion spur not only significant demand for green power sources
but also greater efficiencies driven by next generation wind, solar, hydro-electric, battery and hydrogen technologies, to name a few. 

Objective to invest in
green energy and technology companies . We are focused on companies that have sustainable competitive advantages and/or operate green
power assets with a mix of contracted and merchant revenue profiles, a need for capital to fund growth activities and/or to scale up power
generation capacity, and offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our shareholders. We also prefer companies which, if combined with
us, may have a greater environmental and social impact, considering all stakeholders, if not already in place, and those which work to
establish and follow best-in-class sustainability standards, which we believe will create long-term shareholder value. 

Experienced management
team. Our management team has significant prior experience in capital markets and investment in renewable energy and clean technology.
Per Regnarsson and Charles Ratelband V have decades of experience combined when it comes to investment in sustainable energy and clean
technology, and a substantial number of connections across the European Union and North America. Messrs. Regnarsson and Ratelband V are
supported by Mr. Abhishek Bawa, our Chief Financial Officer. Additional team members include the following independent non-executive directors:
(i) Randolph Sesson, Jr., a seasoned investment banker with over 35 years experience in leading and growing international firms
heavily engaged in capital raising and mergers and acquisitions transactions; (ii) Niels Brix, a seasoned lawyer who has more than 15
years experience in the global wind industry and served as a board member of Procon Wind Energy A/S, a Denmark based service company
for offshore wind sector; (iii) Caroline Harding, an experienced family office director and chief financial officer; and (iv) Sean Kidney,
a regular speaker on climate change and finance. 

Substantial Deal Flow. 
We have been sourcing initial business combination opportunities through existing connections and management team s network, our
management team and board s broad network of owners, investors, executives and advisors of businesses in the sustainable energy
industry. 

7 

Business Combination Criteria 

Our business combination
criteria is not limited to a particular industry sector. However, with the experience of our management team, we are focused on acquiring
an initial business combination target in the sustainable energy industry in the OECD countries, specifically within climate change, environment,
renewable energy and emerging, clean technologies. Our management team identifies targets that are valuable opportunities and/or in need
of strategic growth capital, will benefit from becoming publicly listed, may require refined business approaches to unlock additional
value, or may need to repurchase debt, pursue strategic acquisitions or secure working capital. 

Aligned with our business
and investment strategies, we have identified the following criteria that we believe are important and that use in evaluating initial
business combinations. While we utilize these criteria in evaluating initial business combinations, including the EEW Business Combination,
no individual criterion entirely determines our decision to pursue a particular opportunity. Further, any particular initial business
combination that we ultimately pursue may not meet one or more of these criteria. In assessing prospective targets, we may consider various
criteria, including whether such prospects: 

are engaged in activities that are consistent with our corporate
values and industry perspective, and will benefit from a partnership with our Company, our management team s operating and technical
expertise, capital markets experience and extensive network of industry relationships; 

have a differentiated technology mix, processes, product
offerings or services that drive toward an electrified future or support the transition to a more sustainable economy; 

are fundamentally sound businesses that have a sustainable
business model with the ability to successfully navigate the ebbs and flows of an economic downturn and changes in the industry landscape
and regulatory environment; 

have a defensible market position and demonstrate differentiated
competitive advantages with high barriers to entry against new competitors; 

have recurring, predictable revenues and a history of, or
the near-term potential to, generate stable and sustainable free cash flow; 

exhibit unrecognized value, desirable returns on capital,
and a need for capital to achieve the company s growth strategy; 

are able to structure or ring fence around exposure to legacy
assets to the extent desirable to enhance shareholder returns or to reduce volatility of such returns; 

have the potential for strong and continued growth both organically
and through add-on acquisitions and offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our shareholders; 

are at an inflection point and would benefit from a catalyst
such as incremental capital, innovation through new operational practices, and application of innovative, product creation, or additional
management expertise; 

have publicly or privately-traded peer companies that operate
in a similar industry sector or have similar operating metrics which may help establish that the valuation of our initial business combination
is attractive relative to such public or private peers; 

have a positive environmental and social impact, considering
all stakeholders, and work to establish and follow best-in-class sustainability standards, which we believe will create long-term shareholder
value; and 

are positioned to be publicly traded and can benefit from
having access to broader and more efficient capital markets to drive improved financial performance and achieve key business strategies. 

8 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of the above criteria
and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to
our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer
documents that we would file with the SEC. 

Competitive Strengths 

We believe the sourcing,
valuation, diligence, and execution capabilities of our management team provides us with a significant pipeline of opportunities from
which to evaluate and select an initial business combination that will benefit from our expertise. 

Strong Management Team. We leverage the extensive
experience of our management team, all of whom have been involved at various levels in acquisitions, financings, and advisory transactions,
and have significant experience investing in a variety of economic cycles and jurisdictions, with a track record of identifying high-quality
assets with opportunities for optimization. We believe our management team s ability to originate, effectively diligence, and creatively
and thoughtfully structure transactions generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for investors. We believe we benefit from our management
team s successful track record in corporate finance, including Mr. Regnarsson s and Mr. Ratelband V s respective experience
serving as general partners, corporate executives or board members for both public and private companies. 

Broad Sourcing Channels and Leading Industry Relationships.
 We believe the capabilities and relationships associated with our management team provide us with a differentiated pipeline of attractive
initial business combination opportunities that could be difficult for other market participants to replicate. 

Underwriting, Execution, and Structuring Capabilities.
 Our management team applies to our targets a rigorous analytical review and diligence process that its individual members apply or
have applied in their current or past professional experiences. The sensitivity of financial and operational drivers to external factors
is a key component of evaluating investment opportunities and pricing risk. We believe our investment discipline allows us to identify
opportunities where our management team can create shareholder value, which may include operational or capital structure improvements,
as well as the introduction of new technologies and/or products to drive growth. 

Public Company Operating Expertise. As a result of serving as executive officers and
 directors of and financial and operating advisors to publicly traded companies, our management team has substantial experience in
 navigating the challenges of operating as a public company. We anticipate that one or more members of our management team or board
 would remain on the board of the Company post initial business combination. Per Regnarsson, our Chief Executive Officer and a
 director, and Charles Ratelband, our Executive Chairman, are expected to serve as directors of Pubco following the consummation of
 the EEW Business Combination. 

Renewable Infrastructure Operating Expertise. Our
management team brings with it extensive experience in owning and operating assets across a range of renewable energy sectors and technologies
including (but not limited to) onshore and offshore wind, solar photovoltaics, biofuels, battery storage projects and hydrogen. Such
practical grounding across the sectors gives management a considerable advantage in evaluating and executing on acquisition opportunities
and extracting full operating and financial value from a variety of potential projects. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the
determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider
it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial
business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there
is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. 

9 

We will have until May 2, 2023 to consummate an
initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination by such
time, we may, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up
to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering to complete
a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Our shareholders
will not be entitled to vote or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. However, our shareholders will be entitled
to vote and redeem their shares in connection with a general meeting held to approve an initial business combination or in a tender offer
undertaken in connection with such an initial business combination if we propose such a business combination during either three-month
extension period. Pursuant to the terms of our memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between us
and Continental, in order for the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor or
its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 787,500 0.10 per unit, up to an aggregate of 1,575,000) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension.
In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for us to effect an extension,
we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend
to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Any such
loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If we complete our initial business
combination, we will, at the option of our sponsor, repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us
or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, which warrants will be identical to
the private placement warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, we will repay such loans only from funds held outside of
the trust account. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to
complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within such time period, we
will redeem 100 of our issued and outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. We expect the pro rata
redemption price to be approximately 10.15 per Class A ordinary share, without taking into account any interest earned on such funds.
However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take
priority over the claims of our public shareholders. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way
so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets
of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such
interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders, or for other
reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a
minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
share capital, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target.
However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business
combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 
of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion
of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net
assets test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the
aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes
of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. Based on the valuation analysis of our management and board of directors,
we have determined that the fair market value of EEW was substantially in excess of 80 of the funds in the trust account and that the
80 test was therefore satisfied. 

10 

Our Business Combination Process 

In evaluating prospective
business combinations, such as the EEW Business Combination, we conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among
other things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable),
on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. While EEW is not affiliated
with our sponsor, officers, or directors, in the event we do not consummate the EEW Business Combination and seek to complete our initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our
initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Certain of our officers and
directors indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants. Because of this ownership, our sponsor and our officers and
directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to
effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect
to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included
by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each of our officers and
directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant
to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or
an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly
in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being
offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or
officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion
of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether
to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. In particular,
Caroline Harding currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer and a director of Aurora Acquisition Corp., which announced on May 11,
2021 that they entered into a definitive merger agreement with Better HoldCo, Inc., a digital homeownership platform in the U.S. Ms. Harding
may simultaneously pursue opportunities for Aurora Acquisition Corp. (to the extent its business combination with Better HoldCo, Inc.
is not consummated) and us. 

Our Management Team 

Members of our management
team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem
necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management
team will devote in any time period will vary based on the current stage of the business combination process. 

We believe our management
team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential
business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts
and corporate relationships in various industries. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring
and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the
experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. 

11 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure
makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses, such as EEW. As a public company, we offer a target business
an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial
business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management
incentives that are better aligned with shareholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further
benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination
transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their share capital, shares or other equity interests
in the target business for our ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our ordinary and cash, allowing
us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. See EEW Business Combination above regarding the consideration
to be paid in the EEW Business Combination. 

Although there are various
costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses, such as EEW, will find this method a more
expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public
offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are
significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show
efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
initial business combination is completed, such as the EEW Business Combination, the target business will have effectively become public,
whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market
conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial
business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management
incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public
company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting
talented employees. 

While we believe that our
structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view
our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed
initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take
advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as
a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can
delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take
advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) (a) December 31, 2027 (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross
revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2)
the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

12 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year
and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. 

With funds available for
an initial business combination in the amount of 81,039,102 (as of December 31, 2022 and
assuming no redemptions) available to us before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target
business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion
of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial
business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the
most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires.
However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in any operations and will not engage in any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private
placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (including pursuant to
forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise),
shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing.
We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash
released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction
company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the
purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional
funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and
we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust
account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed
initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously
with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than
the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the
terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on
our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a
party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities
or otherwise. 

See EEW Business Combination 
above for more information regarding the agreements related to the EEW Business Combination. 

13 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that target
business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals.
Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings.
These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many
of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as
our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business
contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In
addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us
as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their affiliates. While we do not presently
anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis,
we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage
a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be
available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our
best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee
will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies
in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any
services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any
compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated
initial business combination. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating
and completing an initial business combination. Additionally, the Company entered into the Gluon Letter Agreement with Gluon Partners
for consulting services provided to the Company in connection with the identification, evaluation, and analysis of potential business
combination transaction targets and related financing transactions. Per Regnarsson, the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the
Company, is the Managing Partner of Gluon Partners. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements
with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements
will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or
directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers
or directors. While EEW is not an affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, in the event we do not consummate the EEW Business
Combination and seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with
our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he
or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

14 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of a Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial
business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation
based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider
it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial
business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there
is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple
businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will
have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be
permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In any case, we will only
complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses,
the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account
for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for our investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of
any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
business target, such as EEW, we conduct a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial
and other information that will be made available to us. 

Any costs incurred with respect
to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed
will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

15 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period
of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent
to a business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single
operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our
purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us,
and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business 
Management 

Although we scrutinize the
management of a prospective target business, including the management of EEW, when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business
combination, and we plan to do so if the EEW Business Combination is not consummated and we seek other business combination opportunities,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure
you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. While Per Regnarsson,
our Chief Executive Officer and a director, and Charles Ratelband, our Executive Chairman, are expected to serve as directors of Pubco
following the consummating of the EEW Business Combination, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business
following a business combination otherwise cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel
will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will
devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the
company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection
with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and
could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the
company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence
their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a
business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business
combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant experience or knowledge relating
to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

16 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
an Initial Business Combination 

In connection with any proposed
business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for
such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination or don t vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of
taxes payable) (as is the case with the EEW Business Combination), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their
shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described
herein. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to
sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such
as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If
we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or
its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its share. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC
which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under
the SEC s proxy rules. Regardless of whether we seek shareholder approval or engage in a tender offer, we will consummate our initial
business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately after the consummation and, if we seek shareholder
approval, only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. 

We chose our net tangible
asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if
we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition
or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination,
we may need to have more than 5,000,001 in net tangible assets immediately after the consummation and this may force us to seek third
party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial
business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public shareholders
may therefore have to wait 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of our initial
public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described elsewhere in this Report) in order
to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. 

Our sponsor, initial shareholders,
officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not
to convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell
any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. 

None of our officers, directors,
sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or ordinary shares from persons in the
open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a general meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant
number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination or that they wish to redeem
their shares, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market
or in private transactions in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of redemptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers,
directors, Sponsor, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate
Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company s shares. 

See EEW Business Combination 
above for more information regarding the requisite approvals needed in the EEW Business Combination. 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may
purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they
engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not
disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

17 

In the event that our sponsor,
initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public
shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their
prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject
to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange
Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers
will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent
such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares
or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder
approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our ordinary shares or warrants may be reduced and
the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing
or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted
by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling
shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial
business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination.
Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under
the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to
the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under
Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order
for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases
of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported
pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon
Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is approximately 10.15 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to
investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. 

18 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination,
such as the EEW Business Combination, either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial business combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial business combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of
the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange
listing requirement. 

Under Nasdaq rules, asset
acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not
survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding ordinary share or seek to amend our amended and restated
memorandum of association and articles would require shareholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target
company in a manner that requires shareholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a shareholder vote to approve
the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of
the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek shareholder approval
for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to
comply with such rules. 

If a shareholder vote is
not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate
issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain
substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase
our ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under
the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or immediately after the consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the
tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If, however, shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for
business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

19 

If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for
a general meeting is the holders of a majority of the shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other
non-natural person by its duly authorized representative or proxy. Our initial shareholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant
to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased
during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business
combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding ordinary shares voted, abstentions and broker non-votes
will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial
shareholders founder shares and the representative shares, we would need only 403,595, or approximately 5.1 , of the 7,875,000
public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming that only the minimum number of issued and outstanding
shares representing a quorum is present in person or by proxy at a meeting) in order to have our initial business combination approved.
We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if
required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting
agreements of our initial shareholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public
shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or immediately after the consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its
owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash
to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash
consideration we would be required to pay for all ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to
satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available
to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will
be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combinations, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop
arrangement we may enter into following consummation of our initial public offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net
tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of
our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Shareholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. 
Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating
large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed
initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares
sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by
us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders 
ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit
the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination,
particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares
(including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

See EEW Business Combination 
above for more information regarding the requisite approvals needed for the EEW Business Combination. 

20 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We may require our public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials
mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the
event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s
option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our
initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly,
a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up
to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares
if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to
use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming
holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender
their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery
must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a
holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was
seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such
shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an
 option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of
the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the
open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which
shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the
completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic
delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination
is approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the general meeting
set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with
an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder
may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to
be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our
initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If the EEW Business Combination
is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until May 2, 2023 (or for
up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,
as described in more detail below). 

21 

Time to Complete Business Combination 

We will have up to 12 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, or until May 2, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate
that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination by such time, we may, by resolution of our board if requested by
our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a
total of up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing
additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Our shareholders will not be entitled to vote or redeem their shares in connection
with any such extension. However, our shareholders will be entitled to vote and redeem their shares in connection with a general meeting
held to approve an initial business combination or in a tender offer undertaken in connection with an initial business combination if
we propose such a business combination during any three-month extension period. Pursuant to the terms of our memorandum and articles of
association and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental, in order for the time available for us to consummate our
initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable
deadline, must deposit into the trust account 787,500 0.10 per unit, up to an aggregate of 1,575,000) on or prior to the date of the
applicable deadline, for each three month extension. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable
deadline of its wish for us to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior
to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or
not the funds had been timely deposited. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial
business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we will, at the option of our sponsor, repay such loaned amounts
out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into warrants at a price
of 1.00 per warrant, which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants. If we do not complete a business combination,
we will repay such loans only from funds held outside of the trust account. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated
to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate an initial
business combination within such time period, we will redeem 100 of our issued and outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of
the funds held in the trust account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the
funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then
seek to liquidate and dissolve. We expect the pro rata redemption price to be approximately 10.15 per Class A ordinary share, without
taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able to distribute such amounts
as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. 

Liquidation if No Business Combination 

If we have not completed
the EEW Business Combination or another initial business combination by May 2, 2023 (or up to 18 months from the closing of our initial
offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination as described elsewhere in this Report) we will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or May 2, 2023 (or up to 18 months from the closing of our
initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination as described elsewhere in this Report). 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, or by May 2, 2023 (or up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering
if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination as described elsewhere in this Report). However, if our sponsor,
officers or directors acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 12 months from the closing of our initial
public offering, or by May 2, 2023 (or up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time
to consummate a business combination as described elsewhere in this Report). 

22 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or by May 2, 2023 (or up to 18 months
from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination as described elsewhere
in this Report) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
either immediately prior to or immediately after the consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters 
fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right
is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described
above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

We expect that all costs
and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts outside
the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest
being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any franchise and income tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds
are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any
interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay franchise and income taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance,
we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 50,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all
of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in
the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.15. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become
subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you
that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.15. 

Although we will seek to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be
prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s
engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third
party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. UHY, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters
of the offering, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

23 

In addition, there is no
guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations,
contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held
in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15
per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account, if less than 10.15 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked
our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot
assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against
the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.15 per public
share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share
in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount
of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the
independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the
per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.15 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the
possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our
indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
We will have access to up to approximately 800,000 from the proceeds of our initial public offering with which to pay any such potential
claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately
 50,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient,
shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

If we file a bankruptcy or
winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate
and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency
claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.15 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally,
if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages,
by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will
not be brought against us for these reasons. 

24 

Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination,
(ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 101.5 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or by
May 2, 2023 (or up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination as described elsewhere in this Report) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or
pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business
combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or by May 2, 2023 (or up to 18 months from the closing of
our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination as described elsewhere in this Report),
subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection
with the initial business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro
rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will
apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting
public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other
things, that: 

we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of
whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or don t vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their
shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described
herein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only
if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately after such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, only
if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within
12 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or by May 2, 2023 (or up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public
offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination as described elsewhere in this Report), then we will redeem
all of the outstanding public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve our company; 

upon the consummation of our initial public offering 79,931,250
was placed into the trust account; 

we may not consummate any other business combination, merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial
business combination. 

These provisions cannot be
amended without the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are entitled to vote in person or by proxy.
In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provides that we may consummate our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary
resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general
meeting of the company. 

25 

Competition 

The following may not be
viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek shareholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may
delay the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to convert or repurchase ordinary shares held by our public shareholders may reduce the
resources available to us for a business combination; and 

our outstanding warrants, and the potential future dilution they represent. 

Any of these factors may
place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our
status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately-held
entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. 

If we succeed in effecting
a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure
you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our
principal executive offices at 50 Sloane Avenue, London, SW3 3DD, United Kingdom. The cost for this space is included in the up to 10,000
per-month aggregate fee to be paid to an affiliate of our sponsor for general and administrative services pursuant to the Administrative
Services Agreement between us and our sponsor. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services in the Cayman Islands that the
fee charged by our sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office
space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have two officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time
as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in
any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time
employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 

We have registered our units,
public shares, public rights and public warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that
we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports
will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide shareholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared
in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets
we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose
such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in
accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the
proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation
will be material. 

26 

Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required
to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. On April 26, 2022, we filed
a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result,
we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend
our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) (a) December 31, 2027, (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross
revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2)
the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of
material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check company
with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select
an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around the
performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in
retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with
our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain
additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders requesting redemption 

we may issue our shares to
investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares
at that time; 

you may not be given the opportunity
to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not
be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public
securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds
from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

our financial performance following
a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced
management; 

there may be more competition
to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial
business combination; 

27 

Changes in the market for directors
and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business
combination; 

We may attempt to simultaneously
complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination
and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

We may engage one or more of
our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which
may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with
a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from
the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential
conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection
with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

We may attempt to complete
our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination
with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

Since our initial shareholders
will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares
they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially
even under circumstances in which our public shareholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of
interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

Changes in laws or regulations
or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect
our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

The value of the founder shares
following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even
if the trading price of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.15 per share; 

Resources could be wasted in
researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or
merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.15 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
and our warrants will expire worthless; 

The SEC has recently issued
proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or
others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial
business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for
compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than
we might otherwise choose; 

If we are deemed to be an investment
company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities
would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be
deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

To
mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time,
instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in cash
items until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation
of investments in the trust account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which
would likely reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

28 

We may not be able to complete
an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject
to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign
Investment in the United States; 

Recent increases in inflation
and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

Military conflict in Ukraine
or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate
an initial business combination; and 

There is substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern and 

We have identified a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective
system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner,
which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

There
is a minor but non-zero risk of adverse regulatory changes in the geographies of operation which would inhibit the development of solar
energy projects in those regions. 

Technological
breakthroughs that deem solar energy substantially less profitable could be highly detrimental to business post combination. 

For risks relating to EEW
and the EEW Business Combination, please see the EEW Registration Statement once filed. 

For the complete list of
risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in (i) our IPO Registration Statement (ii)
our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022, and (iii) Amendment No.
1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on December 21, 2022. Any of these
factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks
could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes to such
risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our executive offices are
located at 50 Sloane Avenue, London, SW3 3DD, United Kingdom, and our telephone number is +44 203 954 0590. The cost for our use of this
space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to Gluon Group for office space and administrative and support services. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

To the knowledge of our management
team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

29 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, public shares,
public warrants and public rights are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols CLRCU , CLRC , CLRCW ,
and CLRCR , respectively. Our units commenced public trading on May 2, 2022, and our public shares, public warrants, and
public rights commenced separate public trading on June 2, 2022. 

(b) Holders 

On February 17, 2023, there
was one holder of record of our units, two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our warrants and
one holder of record of our rights. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for
Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities 

None. 

(f) Use of Proceeds from the
Initial Public Offering 

None. For a description of
the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended March 21, 2022, as filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022. There has been no material change in the planned use
of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the IPO Registration Statement. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities
by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

30 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used
in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual
results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our
filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

The Company is a Cayman Islands
exempted company incorporated as a blank check company on December 6, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting an initial
business combination. 

Although the Company is not
limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating an initial business combination, the Company focuses
on opportunities in environmental protection, renewable energy, fighting climate change, and any other related industries. We will target
companies with established operating models that have strong management teams, realigned capital structures, positive cash flows prospects,
and a clear and well-defined pathway for growing profitably over the long-term. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company
and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet
commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and our initial public offering,
which is described below, and post-offering activities in search for a target to consummate an initial business combination. The Company
will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business combination, at the earliest. The Company
will generate nonoperating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the initial public offering. The Company
has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The
IPO Registration Statement was declared effective o n April 27, 2022. On May 2, 2022, the Company
consummated our initial public offering of 7,875,000 units at 10.00 per unit, including 375,000 units that were issued pursuant to the
underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of 78,750,000. 

The Company commenced operations
after obtaining adequate financial resources through (i) the initial public offering of 7,875,000 units at 10.00 per unit (which includes
375,000 units in connection with the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option) and (ii) the sale of 3,762,500
private placement warrants with an exercise price of 11.50 per warrant at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant to our sponsor. 

The units were listed on
Nasdaq. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the initial
public offering and sale of the private placement warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied
generally toward consummating an initial business combination. Nasdaq rules provide that the initial business combination must be with
one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account
(as defined below) (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes). The Company will only complete an initial business
combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect an initial business combination. 

31 

Upon the closing of the initial
public offering, 10.15 per unit sold in the initial public offering was placed in the trust account and invested in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in any open-ended
investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of an initial business combination or (ii) the distribution of the
funds in the trust account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

Our initial Shareholders
have agreed (a) to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the initial public offering in favor of an
initial business combination, (b) not to propose an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
with respect to the Company s pre-business combination activities prior to the consummation of an initial business combination unless
the Company provides dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in conjunction with any such amendment;
(c) not to redeem any shares (including the founder shares) into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a
shareholder vote to approve an initial business combination (or to sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with an initial business
combination if the Company does not seek shareholder approval in connection therewith) or a vote to amend the provisions of the amended
and restated certificate of incorporation relating to shareholders rights of pre-business combination activity and (d) that the
founder shares and the private placement warrants (including underlying securities) shall not participate in any liquidating distributions
upon winding up if an initial business combination is not consummated. However, the initial shareholders will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares purchased during or after the initial public offering if the Company
fails to complete its initial business combination. 

Recent Developments 

On October 6, 2022, we entered
into the EEW Business Combination Agreement with Pubco, Merger Sub and EEW. Pursuant to the EEW Business Combination Agreement, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein, at the EEW Closing (a) Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company
continuing as the surviving entity, as a result of which, (i) the Company shall become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and (ii) each
issued and outstanding security of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time will no longer be outstanding and will automatically
be cancelled, in exchange for the right of the holder thereof to receive a substantially equivalent security of Pubco, and (b)(i) Pubco
will make an offer to acquire each issued and outstanding EEW ordinary share in consideration for the issue and allotment of substantially
equivalent securities in Pubco and (ii) Pubco will also offer each holder of EEW s outstanding unvested and vested options to purchase
EEW ordinary shares, replacement options to purchase Pubco Ordinary Shares, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the EEW Business Combination Agreement and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands
and the laws of England and Wales. 

The total consideration
to be offered by Pubco to the holders of EEW securities will be a number of Pubco Ordinary Shares with an aggregate value equal to Six
Hundred Fifty Million U.S. Dollars 650,000,000), with each Pubco Ordinary Share valued at an amount equal to the price at which each
of the Company s ordinary share is redeemed or converted pursuant to the redemption of the Company s ordinary shares pursuant
to the Company s organizational documents. We expect to close the EEW Business Combination in the first half of 2023, subject
to receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of applicable closing conditions. 

For a more detailed description
of the EEW Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein, see Item 1. Business . 

32 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since
inception up to December 31, 2022 is related to our formation and our initial public offering, and we will not be generating any operating
revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We will generate nonoperating income in
the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the initial public offering. We also expect to incur increased expenses as
a result of becoming a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses in search for a target to consummate an initial business combination. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company reported a net loss of 675,874, which consists of general and administrative expenses of 1,768,147 and unrealized
foreign exchange loss of 15,579, offset by 1,107,852 of income earned in the trust account. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company reported a net loss of 4,730, which consists of general and administrative expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Reserves 

On May 2, 2022, we consummated
our initial public offering of 7,875,000 units, including 375,000 units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise
of their over-allotment option. Simultaneously, the Company sold 3,762,500 private placement warrants, including 112,500 private placement
warrants that were issued pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option. From the proceeds of the
initial public offering and private placement warrants, the Company retained approximately 1,100,000 for working capital needs after
transfer of proceeds to the trust account and payment of expenses related to the initial public offering and directors and officers insurance. 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan us working capital loans. 

On September 21, 2022, we
entered into a loan agreement with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 180,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest. The
Second Eternal Loan is available to be drawn down from September 21, 2022 to March 31, 2023 and its maturity date is March 31, 2024. As
of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Second Eternal Loan was 180,000 and no interest was accrued. 

Additionally, on November
12, 2022, we entered into a loan agreement with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 300,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no
interest. The Third Eternal Loan is available to be drawn down from November 12, 2022 to March 31, 2024, and its maturity date is March
31, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Third Eternal Loan was 300,000 and no interest was accrued. 

On January 29, 2023, we entered
into a loan agreement with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 50,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest. The Fourth
Eternal Loan is available to be drawn down from January 29, 2023 to March 31, 2023 and its maturity date is March 31, 2025. As of January
29, 2023, the Fourth Eternal Loan has been fully drawn down. 

We do not believe we will
need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the
costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than
the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. 

33 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on April 27, 2022, the holders of the founder shares and the private placement warrants (and their underlying
securities) are entitled to registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any registration
statements pursuant to such registration rights. 

Underwriting Agreement 

Pursuant to the underwriting
agreement, the underwriters received a cash underwriting discount of 1,181,250 following the consummation of the initial public offering.
The underwriters are also entitled to a deferred commission of 2,362,500, which will be payable solely in the event that the Company
completes an initial business combination. In addition, the underwriters also received 118,125 units in the initial public offering, with
such units restricted from sale until the closing of the initial business combination and with no redemption rights from the trust account. 

Additionally, the Company
granted the underwriters for a period beginning on the closing of the initial public offering and ending on the earlier of the 12 month
anniversary of the closing of an initial business combination or April 27, 2025, a right of first refusal to act as (i) exclusive financial
advisor in connection with all of the Company s proposed business combinations for a fee of up to 6.0 of the proceeds of the initial
public offering (subject to the Company s right to allocate up to 50 of such fee to another financial institution or extinguish
such amount in Company s sole discretion), and (ii) sole investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole placement agent, at underwriters 
sole discretion, for each and every future public and private equity and debt initial public offering, including all equity linked financings,
during such period for the Company or any successor to it or any of its subsidiaries, on terms agreed to by both the Company and underwriters
in good faith. 

Transaction Expenses 

On August 17, 2022, we entered
into an agreement (the Maxim Letter Agreement with Maxim to pay a fee (the Maxim Success Fee upon completion
of one or more successful transactions. On October 3, 2022, the Company amended its agreement with Maxim (the Maxim Amendment ).
The Maxim Amendment states that we will pay to Maxim, upon closing of such successful transaction(s), a fee based upon the amount of cash
the Company has in the trust account immediately prior to consummation of the transaction and/or contributed to the transaction. If the
amount of such cash is less than 50,000,000, Maxim s fee will be equal to 200,000 in cash and an additional 150,000 of common
stock of the post-transaction Company (the New Common Stock ). If the amount of such cash is equal to or greater than 40
million, the Maxim Success Fee will be 500,000 cash. If the amount of such cash is equal to or greater than 75 million, the Maxim Success
Fee will be 500,000 cash and an additional 500,000 payable in either cash or New Common Stock, at the option of the Company. The New
Common Stock will be issued to Maxim Partners LLC, will be valued at the same price per share/exchange ratio as in the definitive transaction
documentation, and it will have unlimited piggyback registration rights. The Maxim Success Fee will be paid upon the consummation of the
transaction. 

On July 11, 2022, we entered
into a letter agreement with ALANTRA Corporate Finance, S.A.U. ALANTRA and U.N. SDG Support Holdings LLC Sponsor
Entity ), under which we engaged ALANTRA to act as our financial advisor for the design, negotiation, and execution of potential
business combinations between the Company and one or more energy transition companies. On October 3, 2022, we amended such letter agreement
(as amended, the ALANTRA Letter Agreement ). 

34 

Under the ALANTRA Letter
Agreement, we agreed to pay ALANTRA a retainer of 15,000 at the signing of the ALANTRA Letter Agreement plus a retainer fee of 20,000
per month that is due and payable on the last day of each month for a maximum period of five months. Should the aggregated value of the
transaction be above 400,000,000, the retainer fee will increase up to 40,000 per month with the same maximum five-month period for
the payment of any retainer fee. 

If a transaction that is introduced
by ALANTRA or by another institution to which no fees are due by the Company (e.g. an institution acting on behalf of a target) is completed
the following remuneration will be due to ALANTRA as a remuneration for its services ALANTRA Success Fee ): 

1,600,000 payable by the Company; and 

1,600,000 payable by or on behalf of the Sponsor Entity. 

If a transaction is completed
in North America, Asia, or Africa that is not introduced by ALANTRA and such transaction requires an introductory, advisory, or similar
fee due by us, we shall pay ALANTRA an ALANTRA Success Fee in the form of: 

For the first 300,000,000 of aggregated value of the transaction, 0.85 of each transaction purchase price; and 

For the aggregated value of the transaction above the first 300,000,000, 0.4 of each transaction purchase price. 

Notwithstanding the above,
it is agreed that the ALANTRA Success Fee will be subject to a minimum of EUR 1,000,000. 

Each ALANTRA Success Fee
shall be payable upon consummation of the applicable transaction (i.e. when the transaction is closed, following fulfillment, if applicable,
of conditions precedent) regardless of (i) the calendar for the payment of the price, (ii) how the purchase price is funded, (iii) and
any deferred payment subsequent to consummation of the transaction, or (iv) any adjustment to the price of the transaction subsequent
to consummation. 

Related Party Transactions 

Founder Shares 

During the period ended December
31, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 2,156,250 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash. The founder
shares included an aggregate of up to 281,250 shares subject to forfeiture by our sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
was not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial shareholders would collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares
after the initial public offering (assuming the initial shareholders did not purchase any public shares in the initial public offering
and excluding the securities underlying the private placement warrants). 

On May 2, 2022, the underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option in respect of 375,000 units and, as agreed with the Company, the underwriters waived their
right to further exercise the option on May 5, 2022. Accordingly, a total of 93,750 of the founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture
on May 2, 2022, and 187,500 of the founder shares were forfeited, resulting in an aggregate of 1,968,750 founder shares issued and outstanding. 

The initial shareholders
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until the earlier of (i)
six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination or (ii) the date on which we consummate
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other
agreements of our initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares. 

35 

Loan with Related Party 

The Company agreed to borrow
up to 500,000 from Eternal, an affiliate of the Company through common ownership, to be used for the payment of costs related to the
initial public offering. Eternal loaned us 63,073 under such agreement. Eternal is controlled by Charles Ratelband V, the Executive Chairman
of our board of directors. Pursuant to the loan agreement and its subsequent amendments, the First Eternal Loan was non-interest bearing,
unsecured and due on the closing of our initial public offering. The First Eternal Loan was fully repaid to the affiliate on June 2, 2022. 

On September 21, 2022, the Company entered into
a loan agreement with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 180,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest. The Second Eternal
Loan is available to be drawn down from September 21, 2022 to March 31, 2023 and its maturity date is March 31, 2024. As of December 31,
2022, the outstanding balance of the Second Eternal Loan was 180,000 and no interest was accrued. 

Additionally, on November
12, 2022, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 300,000, on an unsecured basis and
bearing no interest. The Third Eternal Loan is available to be drawn down from November 12, 2022 to March 31, 2024, and its maturity date
is March 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Third Eternal Loan was 300,000 and no interest was accrued. 

On January 29, 2023, we entered
into a loan agreement with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 50,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest. The Fourth
Eternal Loan is available to be drawn down from January 29, 2023 to March 31, 2023 and its maturity date is March 31, 2025. As of January
29, 2023, the Fourth Eternal Loan has been fully drawn down. 

Eternal is controlled by
Charles Ratelband V, our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. Each member of our board of directors has been informed of Mr.
Ratelband s material interest in the loan agreements, and upon the approval and recommendation of our audit committee, our board
of directors has determined that the loans are fair and in the best interests of us and has voted to approve the loans. 

Administrative Service Fee 

The Company entered into the Administrative Services
Agreement on April 27, 2022 under which our sponsor agreed to perform certain services for the Company for a monthly fee of 10,000. On
May 2, 2022, our sponsor entered into an assignment agreement with Gluon Group, an affiliate of the Company, to provide the services detailed
in the Administrative Service Agreement. An officer of the Company owns 505 shares of Gluon Group and serves as managing partner. As of
December 31, 2022, 30,925 has been paid to Gluon Group for such services and an additional 70,299 has been accrued. 

Advisory Services 

On September 21, 2022, the
Company entered into the Gluon Letter Agreement with Gluon Partners to pay a the Gluon Success Fee upon completion of one or more successful
transactions. The Company will pay Gluon Partners a Gluon Success Fee of 500,000 upon completion of one or more transactions with an
aggregate purchase price of less than 400,000,000; and, an additional 500,000 upon completion of one or more transactions with an aggregate
purchase price of more than 400,000,000. This means the total remuneration for transactions with a purchase price more than 400,000,001
would be 1,000,000. A transaction s purchase price will correspond to the price paid to the sellers of the applicable target, including
cash, debt, and equity funded payments. Each Gluon. Success Fee will be payable upon consummation of the applicable transaction, regardless
of (i) the calendar for the payment of the purchase price, (ii) how the purchase price is funded, (iii) any deferred payment subsequent
to consummation of the transaction, or (iv) any adjustments to the price of the transaction subsequent to consummation. Following payment
of a Gluon Success Fee, any accrued fees payable to the Gluon Group by the Company will be waived. 

On October 5, 2022, the Company
and Gluon Partners agreed to lower the Gluon Success Fee to a total payment of 250,000 upon successful consummation of a transaction
independent of aggregate transaction price. 

36 

In
addition, the Gluon Letter Agreement was amended to entitle Gluon Partners, with respect to any financing undertaken by the Company introduced
by Gluon Partners during the term of the Gluon Letter Agreement, to the following fees: (i) for a financing involving an issuance of the
Company s senior, subordinated and/or mezzanine debt securities, a cash fee payable at any closing equal to two percent (2.0 of
the gross proceeds received by the Company at such closing; (ii) for a financing involving equity, equity-linked or convertible securities,
a cash fee payable at each closing equal to five percent (5.0 of the gross proceeds received by the Company at such closing. 

In addition to the Gluon
Success Fee, the Company agreed to pay Gluon Group for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
providing the services for the transactions. 

Per Regnarsson, the Chief
Executive Officer and a director of the Company, is the Managing Partner of Gluon Partners. Each member of the Company s board of
directors has been informed of Mr. Regnarsson s material interest in the Gluon Letter Agreement, and upon the approval and recommendation
of the Company s audit committee, the Company s board of directors has determined that the Gluon Letter Agreement is fair
and in the best interests of the Company and has voted to approve the Gluon Letter Agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income
and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We had identified the following
as its critical accounting policies: 

Deferred offering costs 

The Company complies with
the requirements of the FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A Expenses of Offerings. 
Offering costs, consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly
related to the initial public offering, were charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the initial public offering.
As of December 31, 2021, deferred offering costs amounted to 83,343 and consisted of legal, accounting, and underwriting fees. Upon consummation
of the initial public offering on May 2, 2022, total offering costs related to the initial public offering were 5,093,930, and was allocated
between the public shares, public warrants and public rights based on their relative fair values at the date of issuance. Accordingly,
 4,647,702 was allocated to the public shares and charged to temporary equity. 

Net income (loss) per share 

The Company complies with
accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net income (loss)
attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable
to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less
interest income in trust account less any dividends paid. We then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted
average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption
value of the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. At December
31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into
ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share
for the periods presented. 

37 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

The Company accounts for
its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and
are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are
either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s
control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s
public shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value
of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying
amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid
in capital equals to zero. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value (plus any interest
earned and/or dividends on the trust account) as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s
balance sheets. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on
the Company s financial statements. 

Factors that may adversely affect our results
of operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully
predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact
our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

38 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below) and
Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology,
including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due
to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our
initial business combination (as defined below), including the EEW Business Combination (as defined below); 

our success in retaining or
recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain
additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number
of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective target
businesses; 

the ability of our officers
and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities 
potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our
securities; 

the use of proceeds not held
in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of
risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

39 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

Administrative
Services Agreement are to the administrative services agreement entered into on April 27, 2022 by and between the Company and
our sponsor (as defined below) under which our sponsor agreed to perform certain services for the Company for a monthly fee of 10,000; 

ASC are to the
FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

board of directors, 
 board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); 

business combination 
are to a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Class A ordinary shares 
are to the Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B ordinary shares 
are to the Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination
Period are to the 12-month period from the closing of our initial public offering (as defined below), or from May 2, 2022 to May
2, 2023 (or up to 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering if extended), that the Company has to consummate an initial
business combination; 

Companies
Law are to the Companies Law (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

Company, our
Company, we or us are to ClimateRock, a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Company Share Transfer 
are to the offer of Pubco (as defined below) to acquire each issued and outstanding EEW (as defined below) ordinary share in consideration
for the issue and allotment of substantially equivalent securities in Pubco pursuant to the EEW Business Combination Agreement (as defined
below) and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein; 

Continental are
to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined
below); 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s
Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

EEW are to E.E.W. Eco Energy World PLC, a company
formed under the laws of England and Wales; 

EEW Business Combination are to the proposed business
combination with EEW; 

EEW Business Combination Agreement are to the business combination agreement, dated as of October 6, 2022, by and among the Company, Pubco, Merger Sub (as defined below) and EEW. 

EEW Closing are to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the EEW Business Combination Agreement; 

EEW Registration Statement are to the registration statement on Form S-4 to be prepared by the Company and Pubco and to be filed by Pubco in connection with the EEW Business Combination; 

EEW Transactions are to the Merger (as defined below) together with the Company Share Transfer; 

Effective Time are to the effective time of the Merger; 

ESG are to Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance; 

Eternal are to Eternal B.V., an affiliate of the Company; 

Exchange Act 
are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

FASB are to the
Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

40 

FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

First Eternal Loan are to the non-interest bearing, unsecured loan by Eternal to the Company that was fully repaid on June 2, 2022; 

Fourth Eternal Loan 
are to the loan agreement entered into on January 29, 2023 with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 50,000, on an unsecured basis
and bearing no interest; 

founder shares 
are to the Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in the private placement (as defined below) and the Class A ordinary
shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination
as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will
not be public shares (as defined below)) ; 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

Gluon Group are to Gluon Group, an affiliate of the Company; 

Gluon Letter Agreement are to the letter agreement entered into on September 21, 2022, as amended on October 5, 2022, by and between the Company and Gluon Partners (as defined below), pursuant to which the Company will pay Gluon Partners a fee upon completion of one or more successful transactions; 

Gluon Partners are to Gluon Partners LLP; 

Gluon Success Fee are to the fee to be paid by the Company to Gluon Partners pursuant to the Gluon Letter Agreement; 

Holder Support Agreement are to the holder support agreement entered into on October 6, 2022, pursuant to which our sponsor agreed, among other things, to vote in favor of the adoption of the EEW Business Combination and the EEW Transactions; 

IFRS are to the
 International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board; 

initial public offering 
or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on May 2, 2022; 

initial shareholders 
are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

IPO Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC (as defined below) on March 14, 2022, as amended, and declared effective on April 27, 2022 (File No. 333- 263542); 

JOBS Act are
to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management or
our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

Maxim are to Maxim Group LLC, the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

Merger are to the merger of
Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity, pursuant to the EEW Business Combination Agreement
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein; 

Merger Sub are to ClimateRock Merger Sub Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco; 

41 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Global Market; 

New Registration Rights Agreement are to the registration rights agreement to be entered into at the EEW Closing by and among the Pubco, certain Sellers and our sponsor; 

OECD countries are to Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development countries; 

ordinary shares are to the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares; 

PCAOB are to
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ; 

private placement 
are to the private placement of warrants that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in the private placement; 

Promissory Note are to the promissory note under which our sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the initial public offering; 

Pubco are to ClimateRock Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Pubco Ordinary Shares are to the ordinary shares of Pubco, par value 0.0001 per share; 

public shares 
are to the Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial
public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders 
are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our initial shareholders
and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and member of our management
team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
warrants refer to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were subscribed
for in our initial public offering or purchased in the open market); 

Report are to
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

representative shares 
are to the Class A ordinary shares issued to Maxim and/or its designees upon the consummation of our initial public offering; 

rights or public
rights are to the rights sold as part of the units in our initial public offering , each
entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Second Eternal Loan are to the loan agreement entered into on September 21, 2022 with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 180,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

Sellers are to the holders of EEW securities to be offered considerations by Pubco in the EEW Business Combination; 

SPACs are to
special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor 
are to U.N. SDG Support LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

42 

Third Eternal Loan are to the
loan agreement entered into on November 12, 2022 with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 300,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing
no interest; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 79,931,250 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and the private placement warrants was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

UHY are to UHY
LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; 

units are to
the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one Class A Ordinary Share, one-half of one public warrant and one right;
and 

working capital loans are to
 funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with
a business combination, the initial shareholders or an affiliate of the initial shareholders or certain of the Company s directors
and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference is made to pages
F-1 through F-17 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officer ), or persons performing similar functions,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including the Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of
December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective, due to a material weakness in our internal control related to properly recording and accruing expenses. As a result, we performed
additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material
respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

43 

We have identified a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective
system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, which may adversely
affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

On November 9, 2022, we filed
our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022. As described in Note 2 of the unaudited condensed
combined financial statements for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022, management identified errors made in its historical financial
statements related to properly recording and accruing expenses. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company incurred legal expenses with
two vendors related to the EEW Business Combination Agreement, as described in Note 10 of the unaudited condensed financial statements.
The service was delivered throughout the third quarter of 2022 but the fees were not properly recorded in accordance with GAAP. After
filing our original third quarter Form 10-Q, and upon re-evaluation and consultation with our management team, our audit committee concluded
that it was appropriate to restate our previously issued financial statements included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2022. As part of such process, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting related to the Company s recording and accruing of expenses. 

As a result of this
material weakness, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2022.
Since that time, we have been implementing a number of measures to remediate such material weaknesses; however, they had not been
remediated as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner or we identify
additional material weaknesses, we may be unable to provide required financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we
may incorrectly report financial information. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be
subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory
authorities. The existence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation
or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our shares. We can give no assurance that
the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional
material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain
adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. Even if we are successful in strengthening
our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities
or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

This Report does not include
a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our registered
public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other than as discussed above,
there have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

44 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

As of the date of this report, our directors and
officers are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Per Regnarsson 
 56 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Charles Ratelband V 
 42 
 Director and Executive Chairman 
 
 Abhishek Bawa 
 39 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Niels Brix 
 49 
 Independent Director 
 
 Randolph Sesson, Jr. 
 58 
 Independent Director 
 
 Caroline Harding 
 42 
 Independent Director 
 
 Sean Kidney 
 65 
 Independent Director 

The experience of our directors and officers is
as follows: 

Per Regnarsson 
has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a director since December 2021. He will also serve as a member of the board of directors
of Pubco following the completion of the EEW Transactions. Mr. Regnarsson currently serves as the Director of Gluon Capital Ltd. and various
subsidiary companies of the Gluon Group, a London, England headquartered company that forms, seeds and invests in sustainable energy and
mobility businesses globally. He also served as the Chairman of EV Hub Ltd., an electric vehicle infrastructure company, the Director
of Marine2o Ltd., a developer of green hydrogen production and the Founding Advisory Partner of Impactirr Alliance Ltd., an Indian renewable
energy firm since October 2019. Prior to that, he served as the Associate Partner of K2 Management, a renewable energy financial advisory
company, from October 2018 to February 2020. From May 2018 to January 2019, Mr. Regnarsson served as the Partner of Opus Corporate Finance
LLP, a private equity firm. He also served as the Associate Partner of Assay Advisory Ltd., a London based financial consulting firm.
Mr. Regnarsson served as the Executive Board Member and Chief Investment Officer of the Palmetto Group, a private equity firm active in
the clean energy industry, from August 2014 to March 2016. From March 2011 to March 2018, he founded CWC Biofuels A/S, a Danish energy
firm and served as its Acting CEO and Director with responsibility for financing. Mr. Regnarsson co-founded Clean World Capital, a private
equity firm, in July 2008 and served as its Managing Partner until July 2014 and in connection with this, he co-founded Better Energy
A/S, a solar photovoltaic firm and served as its shareholder and Executive Chairman from September 2012 to March 2015. Previously, from
1990 to 2014, Mr. Regnarsson worked at various investment banking and boutique corporate finance institutions including Danske Bank, Chase
Manhattan Bank, Moody s, JP Morgan, Merrill Lynch and Clean World Capital. Mr. Regnarsson holds an MSc Sloan Fellowship from London
Business School. 

Charles Ratelband V 
is our founder and has served as a director and the Executive Chairman of our board of directors since December 2021. He will also serve
as a member of the board of directors of Pubco following the completion of the EEW Transactions. Mr. Ratelband V founded WindShareFund
and has served as its Managing Director since its inception in 2011. WindShareFund is a Netherlands-based investment company with a core
goal of investing in a better environment and contributing to the transition to sustainable, green energy. Mr. Ratelband V founded RREG,
a Dutch investment advisory firm, in September 2007, and has served as its Managing Director since then. Mr. Ratelband V also founded
and has served as the Managing Director of Climate Center Mari ndaal since January 2020. Mr. Ratelband V holds a Bachelor s
degree in Business Administration from the HBO University in the Netherlands. 

Abhishek Bawa 
has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 2022. He has 10 years of experience in developing, financing and owning renewable
energy assets in Europe, North America, Asia and Africa with demonstrated success in deal structuring, transaction management, financial
modelling, business valuation and project finance. He has also served as a Partner at the Gluon Group since 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Bawa
served as the Head of Business Development of Solarpack, a Spanish solar developer, from May 2019 to March 2021. Previously, from February
2012 to February 2019, he served as the Vice President of IL FS Financial Services Ltd. and actively participated in considerable
financing for infrastructure projects in Europe, the United Arab Emirates, China and India. Mr. Bawa was an Associate of the Transaction
Advisory Group at Ernst and Young from October 2008 to October 2009, providing commercial and financial consultancy to the Indian renewable
energy and power sector before serving as the Chief of Staff to the Chief Executive Officer at GMR International, a firm specializing
in transportation and urban infrastructure financing from November 2009 to June 2011. He received a Master s degree in Business
Administration from Said Business School, University of Oxford and earned a certification in Project and Infrastructure Finance at the
London Business School. 

45 

Randolph Sesson, Jr.
 has served as one of our independent directors since December 2021. He has more than 35 years of experience in leading the industry
financial advisory teams at top-tier international investment banking firms. Since 2016, he has served as the Managing Partner of Blackbird
Capital Partners Limited, a boutique financial advisory firm based in London, England that helps public and private companies and governments
to raise debt and equity capital, undertake financial and operating restructurings and execute mergers and acquisitions, primarily in
the infrastructure, transportation and oil and gas sectors. Prior to that, he served as the Senior Managing Director in London, Head of
European Transportation and Transportation Infrastructure and Consultant of Evercore, a global investment banking advisory firm, from
2012 to 2016. Mr. Sesson, Jr. also served as a Managing Director and Head of Transportation of Morgan Stanley in London from 2006 to 2012.
He worked at Goldman Sachs for 17 years, with his final position being Managing Director and Head of European Transportation at its London
offices from 2000 to 2006, and as an Associate and Vice President of Transport and Global Finance at its New York and Hong Kong offices
from 1989 to 2000. Prior to that, Mr. Sesson, Jr. served as a Financial Analyst at Morgan Stanley in New York, in its real estate and
Middle East coverage groups from 1984 to 1987. 

Mr. Sesson, Jr. has worked
on a substantial number of blue-chip international transactions over the course of his career, including the IPO of UPS, the merger of
British Airways and Iberia, the international airports investment platform of Singapore s Changi Airports International arm, and
the operational and financial restructurings of a number of airlines including SAS and TAAG. More recently he has worked on transactions
involving ethane and helium extraction and logistics. Mr. Sesson, Jr. has an extensive network of corporate and financing contacts, especially
in the infrastructure investing world. Currently, he serves as the Chairman of Sponsors for Educational Opportunity London, a UK-registered
charity delivering mentoring, training and educational support to senior school and university age students. He also serves as a Trustee
of the aviation and motor racing- focused Brooklands Museum at Surrey, England. Mr. Sesson, Jr. obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in
History from Yale University in 1985, and a Master of Business Administration degree from Stanford Graduate School of Business in 1989. 

Niels Brix 
has served as one of our independent directors since December 2021. He has more than 15 years of experience in the global wind industry
from both operational and advisory perspectives. Since November 2021, he has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Valmont SM A/S,
a Denmark based supplier of components for the wind turbine industry. He founded Recounsel ApS, a Danish business consulting firm, and
has served as its Principal since 2006. He also served as a board member of Procon Wind Energy A/S, a Denmark based company providing
services primarily for the offshore wind sector, since February 2019. Mr. Brix served as the Head of Nordics Baltics and Head of
Special Projects from June 2020 to May 2021 and as the Head of Financial Advisory of K2 Management A/S, a Denmark based consultancy firm,
from June 2018 to October 2021. He served as the Chief Commercial Officer and Vice President of Seatower A/S, a Norwegian based IP rights
company and designer of foundations for offshore wind turbine installations from June 2012 to May 2018. Mr. Brix served as the Senior
Vice President of Business Development of Skykon A/S, a Danish private equity firm focused on the wind energy industry, from 2007 to 2010.
In 2005, he served as the Senior Manager and Counsel to Deloitte, a major international accounting firm, where he focused on mergers and
acquisitions. He served as the Senior Manager and Counsel to Carlsberg Group, an international brewing company, from 2002 to 2004. Mr.
Brix is an attorney-at-law admitted in Denmark. He holds a Master of Law degree from Aarhus University. He also completed management courses
at Institut Europ en d Administration des Affaires. 

Caroline Harding has served as one
of our independent directors since April 2022. She has served as the Director of Panthera International Cayman Limited, which provides
private office services to high net worth individuals, since she founded it in May 2021. Ms. Harding also currently serves on the management
of or as a director of multiple special purposes acquisition companies, including the Director and Chief Executive Officer of Aurora Acquisition
Corp., and its affiliates (Nasdaq: AURC) since October 2021, the Director of Aurora Acquisition II Corp., since October 2020 and the Director
of Founders First Acquisition Corp., since May 2021. Ms. Harding is also a director of other private entities and funds and one not for
profit organization. Form October 2017 to October 2019, Ms. Harding served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Weybourne Group, Sir
James Dyson s family office, managing a multi-billion pound portfolio, which included the James Dyson Group Limited, and in connection
with this role, she also served as the director of multiple Weybourne related entities where she was responsible for increasing the effectiveness
of operations. For the nine years prior to joining Weybourne, Ms. Harding was the Financial Manager, Chief Financial Officer, and Director
of Exploration Capital, another single family office, with a particular focus on agricultural and development land in Latin America. In
connection with her role, she simultaneously served as the Chief Financial Officer of Gilo Industries Group Limited, an engineering firm,
from September 2012 to July 2017. Ms. Harding is a qualified Chartered Accountant with Ernest Young LLP and is a Member of ICAS,
a Member of the Chartered Institute for Securities Investment CISI ), and a member of the Chartered Financial Analyst
Society CFA in the United Kingdom. Ms. Harding is also a Chartered Institute of Management Accountants CIMA Approved Director. She received her Bachelor of Science in Economics and Accounting from the University of Bristol in 2002. 

46 

Sean Kidney 
has served as one of our independent directors since April 2022. Since November 2010, he has served as the Chief Executive Officer of
the Climate Bonds Initiative (CBI), an international non-governmental organization working to mobilize global capital for climate action.
Mr. Kidney has also served as a Director of Climate Bond Services Ltd. in England and Wales since December 2018, Climate Bonds Initiative
(Europe) ABSL in Belgium since July 2019 and Low Carbon World (Shanghai) Business Consulting Co. Ltd. (the operating arm of Climate Bonds
in Shanghai, China) since March 2021. He is currently a member of many social organizations with sustainable development initiatives,
including the French government s Green Sovereign Bond Evaluation Council, the UK government s Green Gilt Advisory Committee,
the Board of Climate Transition Pathways, the Advisory Board of the UNDP-GEF Climate Aggregation Platform, the Finance Advisory Board,
the Global Alliance for a Sustainable Planet, the European Advisory Board of the SMARTER Finance for Families initiative, FAST-Infra (Finance
to Accelerate the Sustainable Transition Infrastructure) and the European Commission s Platform on Sustainable Finance.
He has been a Professor in Practice at School of Oriental and African Studies at University of London since May 2020 and is a regular
speaker on climate change and finance. 

No officers or directors
have been involved in any legal proceedings that are disclosable, except for one prior legal involving Mr. Ratelband V, which proceeding
has been resolved. In January 2019, the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets AFM notified Mr. Ratelband of
its intention to impose an order against him for violations committed by WindShareFund N.V., WindShareFund B.V., WindShareFund I B.V.,
WindShareFund II B.V., Arnhem, and WindShareFund III B.V. (collectively WSF under the Dutch Consumer Protection (Enforcement)
Act Whc regarding the failure of WSF to make certain disclosures to its consumers with respect to the purchase of and
investment into wind turbines. The AFM imposed an initial penalty order on or around May 6, 2019, which was replaced and supplemented
by a penalty order dated March 12, 2020 (the March 12 AFM Order ). Mr. Ratelband V ultimately appealed the March 12 AFM Order
to the Dutch highest court, the College van Beroep voor het bedrijfsleven CBb ). On or around November 2, 2021, the CBb
issued its order (the CBb Order The CBb Order did not disturb the March 12 AFM Order s finding that Mr. Ratelband
V was the de facto manager of WSF and that (i) Mr. Ratelband V is aware of WSF s prohibited conduct, (ii) Mr. Ratelband was authorized
and reasonably required to prevent and terminate such prohibited conduct, and (iii) Mr. Ratelband omitted measures to this end, consciously
accepting the considerable chance that the prohibited behaviors would (continue to) occur. The CBb vacated the March 12 AFM Order s
finding that Mr. Ratelband violated the Whc by failing to disclose the use of WSF funds for personal use. The CBb upheld the March 12
AFM Order s finding that WSF violated the Whc by failing to disclose accurate information regarding (i) the different proportions
of the purchase values and interests acquired in the windmills, (ii) the residual values of the wind turbines, and (iii) the ongoing payment
of a management fee. The CBb found that WSF must disclose the accurate information regarding the foregoing. In December 2021, the AFM
acknowledged that WSF complied with the CBb order. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

We have six directors. Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by ordinary
resolution. Prior to consummation of our initial business combination, holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint all
of our directors holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by shareholders
representing at least 90 of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares who, being entitled to do so, attend and vote at a general meeting
of the company. Subject to the terms of any preference shares, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, only
by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding founder shares entitled to vote generally
in the appointment of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting
from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Our board of directors is
divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors
appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of director, Caroline
Harding, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, which consists of Per Regnarsson,
Niels Brix, Randolph Sesson, Jr. and Sean Kidney, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class
of director, Charles Ratelband V, will expire at our third annual general meeting. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices
as may be determined by the board of directors. 

47 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to
phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company
be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised
solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Randolph Sesson, Jr., Niels Brix and Caroline Harding serve as members of our audit committee, and
Caroline Harding chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least
three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Sesson, Jr., Niels Brix and Ms. Harding meet the
independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit
committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Ms. Harding qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and
oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services
to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees
of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues
raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental
or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any
steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess
the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of
Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any
employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any
significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory
authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two
members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Randolph Sesson, Jr. and Niels Brix serve as members of our compensation
committee, all of whom is independent. Niels Brix chairs the compensation committee. 

48 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate
goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officers compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive
Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief
Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, to all of our other
officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements
for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement;
and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than in connection with the Gluon Letter Agreement (as described below in Item 13. Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions, and Director Independence) and the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for 12 months (or
up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination),
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including
finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective
affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly,
it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for
the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal
counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

We have established a nominating
and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required
to have at least two members of the nominating and corporate governance committee, all of whom must be independent. Randolph Sesson, Jr.,
Niels Brix and Caroline Harding serve as members of our nominating and corporate governance committee, all of whom are independent. Randolph
Sesson, Jr. chairs the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

The nominating and corporate
governance committee will consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking
proposed nominees to stand for appointment at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Our
shareholders that wish to nominate a director for appointment to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

49 

We have adopted a nominating
and corporate governance committee charter, which details the principal functions of the nominating and corporate governance committee,
including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the
board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance
guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual
directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when
necessary. 

Prior to our initial business
combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. You can review a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit, compensation and
nominating and corporate governance committee charters by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In
addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or
waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

None of our officers has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, we have agreed
to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support.
Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Except as described in
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below, no compensation of any kind, including
any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, has been or will be paid by us to
our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered
in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However,
these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial
business combination are made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments,
we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers
for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not
established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It
is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to
our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

50 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a
determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of February 17, 2023 based on information obtained from
the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially
owns our ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 9,961,875 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 7,993,125 shares of our Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 1,968,750
shares of our Class B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of February 17, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the
election of directors of the board, holders of the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class.
Currently, all of the shares of Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of ordinary shares beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 U.N. SDG Support LLC (our sponsor) (2) 

1,968,750 
 100 
 19.8 
 
 Per Regnarsson 

Charles Ratelband V (2) 

1,968,750 
 100 
 19.8 
 
 Abhishek Bawa 

Niels Brix 

Randolph Sesson, Jr. 

Caroline Harding 

Sean Kidney 

All directors and officers as a group (seven individuals) 

1,968,750 
 100 
 19.8 
 
 Other 5 Stockholders 

Space Summit Capital LLC (3) 
 500,870 
 6.26 

5 
 
 Bank of Montreal (4) 
 450,125 
 5.6 

4.5 
 
 Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (5) 
 650,000 
 8.13 

6.5 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (6) 
 575,612 
 7.2 

5.7 
 
 AQR Capital Management, LLC (7) 
 399,798 
 5 

4 
 
 Glazer Capital, LLC (8) 
 759,897 
 9.5 

7.6 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is c/o 50 Sloane Avenue, London, SW3 3DD, United Kingdom. 

51 

(2) Represents securities held by our sponsor, of which Charles
Ratelband V is the managing member. Accordingly, Mr. Ratelband V may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of such securities. Mr. Ratelband
V disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(3) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 7, 2023 by Space Summit
Capital LLC Space Summit ). The business address of Space Summit is 15455 Albright Street, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272. 

(4) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 1, 2023 by
Bank of Montreal, Bank of Montreal Holding Inc., BMO Nesbitt Burns Holdings Corporation, BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc., and Bank of Montreal,
New York Branch. The business address of each of the reporting persons is 100 King Street West, 21st Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5X 1A1,
Canada. 

(5) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 7, 2023 by
Hudson Bay Capital Management LP and Sander Gerber. The business address of each of the reporting persons is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd
Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(6) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 13, 2023 by
Shaolin Capital Management LLC. The business address of Shaolin Capital Management LLC is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. 

(7) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by
AQR Capital Management, LLC, AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC and AQR Arbitrage, LLC. The business address of each of the reporting
persons is One Greenwich Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(8) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by
Glazer Capital, LLC and Paul J. Glazer. The business address of each of the reporting persons is 50 Sloane Avenue, London, SW3 3DD, United
Kingdom. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

For a more information on
the EEW Business Combination, see Item 1. Business. 

52 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

On December 30, 2021, we
issued an aggregate of 2,156,250 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately 0.012
per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 19.8 
of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering (not including the 112,500 representative shares). The founder
shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holder. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 3,762,500 private placement warrants, including 112,500 private
placement warrants that were issued pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a price of 1.00
per private warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 3,762,500. The private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants
except that the private placement warrants (i) are not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until the completion
of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to registration rights.
The private placement warrants (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions,
be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he
or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to
present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

On April 27, 2022, we entered
the Administrative Services Agreement with our sponsor under which our sponsor agreed to perform certain services for the Company for
a monthly fee of 10,000. On May 2, 2022, our sponsor entered into an assignment agreement with Gluon Group to provide the services detailed
in the Administrative Service Agreement. Per Regnarsson, our Chief Executive Officer and a director on our board, is the Managing Partner
of Gluon and owns 505 shares of Gluon Group. As of December 31, 2022, 30,924 has been paid to Gluon Group for such services and
an additional 60,299 has been accrued. 

Prior to the closing of our
initial public offering, the shareholder of our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 under the Promissory Note to be used for the
payment of costs related to the initial public offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier
of September 30, 2022 or the closing of our initial public offering. The Company did not borrow any funds under the Promissory Note. The
Promissory Note expired on May 2, 2022 and will not be extended or renewed. 

In addition, the Company
agreed to borrow up to 500,000 from Eternal, an affiliate of the Company through common ownership, to be used for the payment of costs
related to the initial public offering. Eternal loaned us 217,641 under such agreement. Eternal is controlled by Charles Ratelband V,
the Executive Chairman of our board of directors. Pursuant to the loan agreement and its subsequent amendments, the First Eternal Loan
was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the closing of our initial public offering. The First Eternal Loan was fully repaid to
the affiliate on June 2, 2022. 

On September 21, 2022, the
Company entered into a loan agreement with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 180,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest.
The Second Eternal Loan is available to be drawn down from September 21, 2022 to March 31, 2023 and its maturity date is March 31, 2024.
As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Second Eternal Loan was 180,000 and no interest was accrued. 

On November 12, 2022, the
Company entered into a loan agreement with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 300,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest.
The Third Eternal Loan is available to be drawn down from November 12, 2022 to March 31, 2023 and its maturity date is March 31, 2024.
As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Third Eternal Loan was 300,000 and no interest was accrued. 

On January 29, 2023, the
Company entered into a loan agreement with Eternal in the principal amount of up to 50,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest.
The Fourth Eternal Loan is available to be drawn down from January 29, 2023 to March 31, 2023 and its maturity date is March 31, 2025.
As of January 29, 2023, the Fourth Eternal Loan has been fully drawn down. 

53 

Eternal is controlled by
Charles Ratelband V, our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. Each member of our board of directors has been informed of Mr.
Ratelband s material interest in the loan agreements, and upon the approval and recommendation of our audit committee, our board
of directors has determined that the loans are fair and in the best interests of us and has voted to approve the loans. 

On September 21, 2022, the
Company entered into the Gluon Letter Agreement with Gluon Partners to pay the Gluon Success Fee upon completion of one or more successful
transactions. The Company will pay Gluon Partners a Gluon Success Fee of 500,000 upon completion of one or more transactions with an
aggregate purchase price of less than 400,000,000 and an additional 500,000 upon completion of one or more transactions with an aggregate
purchase price of more than 400,000,000. This means the total remuneration for transactions with a purchase price more than 400,000,001
would be 1,000,000. A transaction s purchase price will correspond to the price paid to the sellers of the applicable target, including
cash, debt, and equity funded payments. Each Gluon Success Fee will be payable upon consummation of the applicable transaction, regardless
of (i) the calendar for the payment of the purchase price, (ii) how the purchase price is funded, (iii) any deferred payment subsequent
to consummation of the transaction, or (iv) any adjustments to the price of the transaction subsequent to consummation. Following payment
of a Gluon Success Fee, any accrued fees payable to the Gluon Group by the Company will be waived. 

On October 5, 2022, the Company
and Gluon Partners agreed to lower the Gluon Success Fee to a total payment of 250,000 upon successful consummation of a transaction
independent of aggregate transaction price. 

In addition, the Gluon Letter
Agreement was amended to entitle Gluon Partners, with respect to any financing undertaken by the Company introduced by Gluon Partners
during the term of the Gluon Letter Agreement, to the following fees: (i) for a financing involving an issuance of the Company s
senior, subordinated and/or mezzanine debt securities, a cash fee payable at any closing equal to two percent (2.0 of the gross proceeds
received by the Company at such closing; (ii) for a financing involving equity, equity-linked or convertible securities, a cash fee payable
at each closing equal to five percent (5.0 of the gross proceeds received by the Company at such closing. 

In addition to the Gluon
Success Fee, the Company agreed to pay Gluon Group for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
providing the services for the transactions. 

Per Regnarsson, the Chief
Executive Officer and a director of the Company, is the Managing Partner of Gluon Partners. Each member of the Company s board of
directors has been informed of Mr. Regnarsson s material interest in the Gluon Letter Agreement, and upon the approval and recommendation
of the Company s audit committee, the Company s board of directors has determined that the Gluon Letter Agreement is fair
and in the best interests of the Company and has voted to approve the Gluon Letter Agreement. 

Other than the foregoing,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a
loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine
which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant
(which, for example, would result in the holders being issued warrants to purchase 1,500,000 shares if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted),
at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. Additionally, for each of the two three-month extension periods that we may utilize, up to 750,000 in extension
loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.
The terms of such working capital loans and extension loans by our sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver
against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

54 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as
it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the securities issuable upon conversion of working capital loans or extension
loans (if any) and the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise or conversion or exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder
shares. 

In connection with the EEW
Business Combination, we have also entered into the Holder Support Agreement. In addition, at the closing of the EEW Business Combination,
we will enter into the New Registration Rights Agreement. For more information regarding the EEW Business Combination and the agreements
entered into in connection therewith, see Item 1. Business. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. 

Our board of directors has
determined that Randolph Sesson, Jr., Niels Brix, Caroline Harding and Sean Kidney are independent directors as defined
in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to UHY for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are
normally provided by UHY in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by UHY for professional services rendered for
the audit of our 2022 annual financial statement, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q and other required filings
with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 112,000. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit
fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. 
Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are
not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay UHY for
consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
December 6, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees. We did not
pay UHY for tax services, planning or advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 or the period from December 6, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees. We
did not pay UHY for any other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 or the period from December 6, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

55 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial
Statements 

Audited Financial Statements of ClimateRock Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-1 Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to the Financial Statements F-6 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in
the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on
the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

56 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

Shareholders of ClimateRock 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of ClimateRock (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders 
(deficit) equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from December 6, 2021 (inception) to December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from December 6, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no
revenue and has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and business combination plans.
The Company s cash and working capital as December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for the upcoming
year. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation
of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified
with respect to that matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2022. 

February 17, 2023 

F- 1 

CLIMATEROCK 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred offering costs 

Cash and cash equivalents held in trust account 

Total current assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued liabilities 

Loan payable - related party 

Deferred underwriting commission payable 

Total current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Class A common stock, par value, subject to possible redemption. shares at redemption value of per share, including dividends earned in trust account 

Total commitments and contingencies 

SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding 7,875,000 shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (1) 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders (deficit) equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

(1) 

F- 2 

CLIMATEROCK 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
 Period from 
 December 6, 
 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 Operating expenses 

Formation and operating costs 

Net loss from operations 

Other income (loss) 

Unrealized income on trust account 

Unrealized foreign exchange loss 

Total other income 

Net loss for the year/period 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Redeemable ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Non-redeemable ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Net income per redeemable ordinary share, basic and diluted

Net loss per non-redeemable ordinary share, basic and diluted

F- 3 

CLIMATEROCK 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM DECEMBER 6, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

CLASS A 
 ORDINARY 
 CLASS B 
 ORDINARY 
 PREFERENCE 
 SHARES 
 ADDITIONAL 
 PAID-IN 
 ACCUMULATED 
 TOTAL 
 SHAREHOLDERS 

SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 CAPITAL 
 DEFICIT 
 EQUITY 
 
 Balances - December 6, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of shares to Sponsor (1) 

Net loss 

Balances December 31, 2021 

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares by initial shareholder 

Sale of units at per unit in the initial public offering, including over-allotment, net of underwriters discount and offering expenses 

Issuance of underwriter shares, including over-allotment 

Sale of warrants in private placement 

Adjustment to increase Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to maximum redemption value 

Net loss 

Balances December 31, 2022 

(1) 

F- 4 

CLIMATEROCK 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
 Period from 
 December 6, 
 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash in operating activities: 

Unrealized income received in trust account 

Unrealized foreign exchange loss 

Formation and operating costs paid by related party 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued liabilities, excluding unrealized foreign exchange loss 

Prepaid expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash deposited in trust account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceed from related party loan 

Repayment of related party loans 

Proceeds from sale of units in the initial public offering, including over-allotment 

Payment of underwriting fee and other offering costs 

Proceeds from sale of warrants in private placement 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash beginning of the period 

Cash end of the period 

Non-cash investing and financial activities: 

Deferred offering costs paid by related party 

Deferred underwriting commission charged to additional paid in capital 

Allocation of offering costs to Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Issuance of representative shares 

Initial value of public shares subject to possible redemption 

Reclassification of offering costs related to public shares 

Remeasurement adjustment on public shares subject to possible redemption 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares which are deemed to be a repayment to a related party 

F- 5 

units Units and, with respect to the Class
A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares at per Unit, including Units that
were issued pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of . 

warrants Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant to the Company s sponsor, U.N. SDG Support LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of (see Note 4). 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting commissions payable (which are held in
the Trust Account as defined below), of Representative Shares (see Note 6), and of other offering costs. As described
in Note 6, the of deferred underwriting commissions payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the
Private Placement was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and will be invested in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, with
a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company
meeting the conditions of paragraphs (c)(2), (c)(3) and (c)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company,
until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

in cash held outside of the Trust Account. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to
the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all
of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company s initial Business
Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held
in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting
discount held in trust) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However,
the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. 

per share, plus any pro rata
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share
amount to be distributed to public shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). 

F- 6 

per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline for each additional three month period. Any such payments would be
made in the form of a loan, non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination. 

and a working capital deficit of excluding the cash currently held in the Trust Account
and the deferred compensation payable upon consummation of a Business Combination. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to
incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. Prior to consummation of a Business
Combination, the Company has the ability to secure additional funding from the Sponsor or other related parties. There is no assurance
that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within 12 months (or 18 months, as applicable)
(the Combination Period ). The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

and in its working capital account, respectively. 

was placed into the Trust Account with J.P. Morgan Asset Management. 

days or less or in money market
funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act until the earlier of the consummation
of its first business combination and the Company s failure to consummate a business combination within the Combination Period. 

F- 7 

held in the Trust Account, including dividends earned on cash and cash equivalents held in Trust
Account in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

and consisted of legal, accounting, and underwriting fees. Upon consummation of the Initial Public
Offering on May 2, 2022, total offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering were , and was allocated between the Public
Shares, public warrants and public rights based on their relative fair values at the date of issuance. Accordingly, was allocated
to the Public Shares and charged to temporary equity (see Note 3). 

F- 8 

F- 9 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Less: Income on trust account to be allocated to redeemable shares 

Net loss excluding income on trust account 

Income on trust account 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

Allocation of net loss 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per share

F- 10 

Units, including Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters 
partial exercise of their over-allotment option. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of . 

per share, subject to certain adjustment. Each right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of one ordinary
share upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination (see Note 7). 

Public
Shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public
Shares if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments
to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance
with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions
not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants and public rights 

Offering costs of public shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

F- 11 

Private Placement Warrants, including Private Placement Warrants that were issued pursuant to the underwriters 
partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at per warrant, generating gross proceeds of in the Private Placement.
Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at per share. A portion of the net proceeds
from the Private Placement was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

of its Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor (the Founder Shares for at a par value of
 , which included an aggregate of up to Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not
exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 6). The Sponsor had paid in exchange for the shares through a related
party before December 31, 2021. 

Units and, as agreed with the Company, the underwriters waived their right to
further exercise the option (see Note 6), a total of of the Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture on May 2, 2022,
and of the Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 

from Eternal B.V., an affiliate of the Company through common ownership (the Lender ), to be used for the
payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering (the Loan ). Pursuant to the loan agreement and its subsequent amendments,
the Loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due on the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding
balance of loan payable to the affiliate was , and no interest was accrued. The Loan expired on May 2, 2022 and was fully repaid
to the affiliate on June 2, 2022. 

, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Second
Eternal Loan ). The Second Eternal Loan is available to be drawn down from September 21, 2022 to March 31, 2023 and its maturity
date is March 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Second Eternal Loan was and no interest
was accrued. 

, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest
(the Third Eternal Loan ). The Third Eternal Loan is available to be drawn down from November 12, 2022 to March 31, 2023
and its maturity date is March 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Third Eternal Loan was 
and no interest was accrued. 

. On May 2, 2022, the Sponsor entered into an assignment agreement with Gluon Group,
an affiliate of the Company, to provide the services detailed in the Administrative Service Agreement. An officer of the Company owns
 shares of Gluon Group and serves as managing partner. As of December 31, 2022, has been paid to Gluon Group for such
services and an additional has been accrued. 

F- 12 

upon successful completion of one of more transactions
with an aggregate purchase price equal or more than . 

of the gross proceeds received
by the Company at such closing; (ii) for a financing involving equity, equity-linked or convertible securities, a cash fee payable at
each closing equal to five percent of the gross proceeds received by the Company at such closing. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the
underwriting discounts and commissions. On May 2, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised this option in respect of Units and,
as agreed with the Company, the underwriters waived their right to further exercise the option on May 5, 2022. 

F- 13 

(less amounts previously paid). The 
was paid out of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering on May 2, 2022. 

shares of Class A ordinary shares upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the Representative
Shares ). The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost associated with the Initial Public Offering, with
a corresponding credit to shareholder s equity. The Company estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be . Maxim
has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any such shares until the completion of the Business Combination. In addition, Maxim has agreed:
(i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Business Combination; and (ii)
to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its
Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

, Maxim s fee shall be equal to in cash and an additional of common stock of the
post-Transaction Company (the Common Stock ). If the amount of such cash is equal to or greater than million, the success
shall be cash. If the amount of such cash is equal to or greater than million, the Success fee shall be cash an
additional payable in either cash or Common Stock, at the option of the Company. The Common Stock shall be issued to Maxim Partners
LLC, shall be valued at the same price per share/exchange ratio as in the definitive Transaction documentation, and it shall have unlimited
piggyback registration rights. The Success Fee shall be paid upon the consummation of the Transaction. 

at signing of the engagement letter and per month that is due and payable on the last day
of each month for a maximum period of five months. Should the aggregated Transaction value be above , the retainer fee will
increase up to per month with the same maximum five-month period for the payment of any retainer fee. 

F- 14 

payable by the Company 

payable by or on behalf of the Sponsor Entity 

of aggregated value of the Transaction, of each Transaction purchase
price 

, of each Transaction purchase
price 

. 

), with each
Pubco Ordinary Share valued at an amount equal to the price at which each ClimateRock ordinary share is redeemed or converted pursuant
to the redemption of ClimateRock s ordinary shares pursuant to ClimateRock s organizational documents (the Redemption
Price ). For a more detailed description of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein, see the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 13, 2022 (the Form 8-K ). 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, there were and zero Class A shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

F- 15 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. Holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, there were and Class B ordinary shares outstanding, respectively. As of December 31, 2021,
the Class B ordinary shares outstanding included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option
is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 6). Since the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option
in respect of Units and, as agreed with the Company, the underwriters waived their right to further exercise the option (see Note
6), a total of of the Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture on May 2, 2022, and of the Founder Shares were
forfeited, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 

preferred shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no preferred shares outstanding. 

F- 16 

, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Fourth
Eternal Loan ). 

F- 17 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Maxim. (4) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2022, by and among the Company, Pubco, Merger Sub and EEW. (5) + 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (4) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Shares Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental, as warrant agent. (4) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental, as rights agent. (4) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 24, 2021, by the Company to Charles Ratelband V. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated December 24, 2021, between the Company and our sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated October 1, 2021 by and between the Company and Eternal. (3) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated March 31, 2022, by and between the Company and Eternal. (3) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated April 14, 2022,f by and between the Company and Eternal. (3) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and among the Company, its officers and directors, and our sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental, as trustee. (4) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and among the Company and certain security holders. (4) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Sponsor Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and our sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and our sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Advisory Services Letter Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2022, by and between the Company, ALANTRA Corporate Finance, S.A.U. and our sponsor, as amended. (7) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment to the Advisory Services Letter Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2022, by and between the Company, ALANTRA Corporate Finance, S.A.U. and our sponsor, as amended. (7) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Engagement Letter, dated as of August 17, 2022, by and between the Company and Maxim, as amended. (7) 
 
 10.15 
 
 First Amendment to the Engagement Letter, dated September 20, 2022, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC. (7) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Second Amendment to the Engagement Letter, dated October 3, 2022, by and between the Company and Maxim. (7) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Third Amendment to the Engagement Letter, dated October 4, 2022, by and between the Company and Maxim. (7) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2022, by and between the Company and Eternal. (6) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2022, by and between the Company and Gluon Partners. (6) 

57 

10.20 
 
 First Amendment to the Letter Agreement, dated October 5, 2022, by and between the Company and Gluon Partners. (6) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Holder Support Agreement, dated October 6, 2022 between and among the Company, EEW and our sponsor. (5)+ 
 
 10.22 
 
 Shareholder Commitment for Annette Kumlin, dated October 6, 2022. (5)+ 
 
 10.23 
 
 Shareholder Commitment for Svante Kumlin, dated October 6, 2022. (5)+ 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of New Registration Rights Agreement (5) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2023, by and between the Company and Eternal. 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics. (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (1) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (1) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. (1) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith 

The exhibits to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted information to the SEC upon its request. 
 
 + 
 Portions of the exhibit, including certain private and confidential information has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted portion to the SEC upon request 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-263542), filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-263542), filed with the SEC on April 6, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-263542), filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 3, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 13, 2022. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on November 9, 2022. 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on December 21, 2022. 

58 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

February 17, 2023 
 CLIMATEROCK 

By: 
 /s/ Per Regnarsson 

Name: 
 Per Regnarsson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Charles Ratelband V 
 
 Director and Executive Chairman 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 Charles Ratelband V 

/s/ Abhishek Bawa 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 Abhishek Bawa 

/s/ Niels Brix 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 Niels Brix 

/s/ Randolph Sesson, Jr. 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 Randolph Sesson, Jr. 

/s/ Caroline Harding 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 Caroline Harding 

Independent Director 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 Sean Kidney 

59 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-7_climaterock.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of December 31, 2022,
ClimateRock we, our, us or the Company had the following four classes of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its units, each consisting
of one Class A ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant and one right (each as defined below) (the units ), (ii)
its Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share Class A ordinary shares ), (iii) its redeemable warrants, each
whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 (the warrants ), and (iv) its rights,
each entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the Company s initial
business combination (the rights ). 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, our authorized capital stock consists of 479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 20,000,000
Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value Class B ordinary shares ), and 1,000,000 undesignated preference shares, 0.0001
par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject
to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and our warrant agreement,
each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.7 is a part. 

Defined terms used herein
but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share, one right and one-half of one public warrant. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10)
of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Each warrant will become
exercisable on the on the later of one year after the closing of our initial public offering or 30 days after the consummation of an initial
business combination, and will expire five years after the completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption. 

The Class A ordinary shares,
rights and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on June 2, 2022. Holders of units have the option to continue to hold
units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders must have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate
the units into Class A ordinary shares, rights and warrants. 

Ordinary Shares 

Ordinary shareholders of
record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares
and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders,
except as required by law; provided, that holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior
to our initial business combination and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors
during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special
resolution passed by the shareholders representing at least 90 of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares who, being entitled to do so,
attend and vote at a general meeting company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result
that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders
are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, if we do not consummate an initial business combination by 12 months from the closing
of our initial public offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to
consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in the Report), our corporate existence will cease except for the purposes
of winding up our affairs and liquidating. If we are forced to liquidate prior to an initial business combination, our public shareholders
are entitled to share ratably in the trust account, based on the amount then held in the trust account. Our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to waive their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account occurring upon our failure to
consummate an initial business combination with respect to the founder shares and private shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors
will therefore not participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to such shares. They will, however,
participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to any ordinary shares acquired in, or following, our
initial public offering. 

Our shareholders have no
conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the ordinary
shares, except that public shareholders have the right to sell their shares to us in a tender offer or have their ordinary shares converted
to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account in connection with the consummation of our business combination and the business
combination is completed. Public shareholders who sell or convert their shares into their share of the trust account still have the right
to exercise the warrants that they received as part of the units. 

Redeemable Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles
the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at
any time commencing on the later of (i) 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (ii) 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at
5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated
to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration.
No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of
the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences
are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant
may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration
statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase
price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

It is our current intention
to have an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and
a current prospectus relating to such Class A ordinary shares in effect promptly following consummation of an initial business combination.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not
effective within 120 days after the closing of our initial business combination, public warrant holders may, until such time as there
is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding
the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we will permit holders
of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we
do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption
is not available. 

Once the warrants become
exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00
per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days
within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If the foregoing conditions
are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption
date. However, the price of our Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 trigger price, as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise
price after the redemption notice is issued. 

2 

We will not redeem the warrants
as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption
period, unless we elect to require the exercise of the warrants on a cashless basis as described below. If and when the
warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants
is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or
qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such ordinary shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence
in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. 

If we call the warrants for
redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so
on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, 
our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect
on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management
takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of
Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class
A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent
to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary
to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value 
in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive
effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of
the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage
of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash
or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant
holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

A holder of a warrant may
notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.8 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary
shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

The warrants have certain
anti-dilution and adjustments rights upon certain events. 

The warrants were issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should
review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the Report, for a complete description of the terms and conditions
applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder
to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then
outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise
their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each
holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

3 

In addition, if (x) we issue
additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial
business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates,
without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) Newly
Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting
on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will
receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of such
right redeemed all Class A ordinary shares held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-business combination activities. No additional
consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional Class A ordinary shares
upon consummation of an initial business combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price
paid for by investors in our initial public offering. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except
to the extent held by affiliates of ours). 

If we enter into a definitive
agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders
of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the Class A ordinary share will receive in the transaction on an
as-converted into ordinary share basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in
order to receive the 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the business
combination. More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate his, her or its election to convert the rights into underlying
shares as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within
the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with
respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such
rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

As soon as practicable upon
the consummation of our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to our rights
agent. Upon receipt of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such right(s) the number of full Class A ordinary
shares to which he, she or it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights agent
promptly upon consummation of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging their
rights for ordinary shares should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in nature
and is not intended to provide us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying the rights upon consummation
of our initial business combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder are valid, we will have no
ability to avoid delivery of the shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver
securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required
to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

Although a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands may issue fractional shares, it is not our intention to issue any fractional shares upon conversions of the rights.
In the event that any holder would otherwise be entitled to any fractional share upon exchange of his, her or its rights, we will reserve
the option, to the fullest extent permitted by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law and
other applicable law, to deal with any such fractional entitlement at the relevant time as we see fit, which would include the rounding
down of any entitlement to receive ordinary shares to the nearest whole share (and in effect extinguishing any fractional entitlement),
or the holder being entitled to hold any remaining fractional entitlement (without any share being issued) and to aggregate the same with
any future fractional entitlement to receive shares in the Company until the holder is entitled to receive a whole number. As a result,
you must have ten (10) rights in order to receive one Class A ordinary share at the closing of our initial business combination. Any rounding
down and extinguishment may be done with or without any in lieu cash payment or other compensation being made to the holder of the relevant
rights, such that value received on exchange of the rights may be considered less than the value that the holder would otherwise expect
to receive. All holders of rights shall be treated in the same manner with respect to the issuance of shares upon conversions of the rights. 

4 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.25>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-25_climaterock.htm
 LOAN AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 29, 2023, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ETERNAL

Exhibit 10.25 

DATED
29 January 2023 

LOAN AGREEMENT 

Between 

(1)
 ClimateRock The Borrower 

and 

(2)
 Eternal BV The Lender 

1 

THIS
AGREEMENT is dated and made on the 29th day of January 2023. 

BETWEEN: 

(1) ClimateRock (the Borrower ), 50 Sloane Avenue, London, SW3 3DD, The United Kingdon and 

(2) Eternal BV (the Lender ), Mari ndaal 8, 6861 WN Oosterbeek, The Netherlands. 

NOW
IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows: 

BACKGROUND 

The Lender has agreed to provide the Borrower with a loan
facility of USD 50,000 on an unsecured basis (the Loan ). 

1. Definitions and Interpretation 

1.1 In this agreement:- 

Advance means
 an advance made or to be made by the Lender to the Borrower under this Agreement; 

Business
 Day a
 day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in England when banks in London are open
 for business; 

Commencement
 Date means
 the date of this Agreement; 

Drawdown
 Date means
 the date on which an Advance is made; 

Drawdown
 Notice means
 a notice for the drawdown substantially as per the Schedule 1; 

Event
 of Default means
 any event or circumstance as specified in clause 12; 

Final
 Repayment Date means
 31 January 2025; 

Finance
 Documents means
 this agreement and any other document designated as such by the Lender and the Borrower; 

Interest
 Payment Date means
 31 January 2024, 31 January 2025 and the Final Repayment Date; 

Potential
 Event of Default means
 any event or circumstances which would, on the giving of notice, expiry of any grace period
 or making of any determination under this Agreement, become an Event of Default; 

2 

Security means
 any mortgage, debenture, charge (whether fixed or floating, legal or equitable), pledge,
 lien, assignment by way of security, title retention or any other type of arrangement having
 a similar effect to any of them; 

Tax
 Deduction means
 a deduction or withholding for, or on account of, Tax from a payment under the Finance Documents; 

Unpaid
 Amount means
 any sum or amount which is not paid on the due date for its payment under this Agreement; 

Warranties 
 means
 the representations and warranties set out at clause 10. 

1.2 Any reference in this agreement to a statute or a provision of a statute shall
be construed as a reference to that statute or provision as amended, re-enacted or extended at the relevant time. 

1.3 The headings in this agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect their
interpretation. 

2. The Facility 

Subject to and in accordance with
this agreement the Lender agrees to lend to the Borrower a loan facility up to USD 50,000 available to withdraw in the period from 29
January 2023 to 31 March 2023 (the Loan Date ). 

3. Purpose 

3.1 The Borrower shall use all sums borrowed by it under this agreement to support anticipated
costs and expenses. 

3.2 The Lender is not obliged to monitor or verify how any amount under this agreement
is used. 

4. Drawdown 

Subject to clause 5 below: 

4.1 The Loan is available for drawing by the Borrower in unlimited number of instalments
in the period form 29 January 2023 to 31 March 2023. 

4.2 The Lender shall pay to the Borrower in immediately available cleared funds during
the Drawdown Period, to or for the account of the Borrower as per request of the Borrower, following receipt of the Drawdown Notice on
29 January 2023 or any other date. 

4.3 Delivery of the Drawdown Notice shall constitute a representation and warranty
by the Borrower that on the date of the Drawdown Notice and the proposed Drawdown Date, the Warranties are correct and that no Event of
Default or Potential Event of Default is continuing or would result from the proposed Loan. 

4.4 The Drawdown Notice cannot be revoked without the written consent of the Lender. 

4.5 Any payment which is due to be made on a day which is not a Business Day shall be
made on the next Business Day. 

3 

5. Interest 

5.1 The Loan shall bear interest at an annual rate of 0 percent. 

6. Repayments 

6.1 The Borrower shall repay the Loan in full by way of a single or multiple repayments
before or on the Final Repayment Date. 

7. Re-borrowing 

The Borrower may not re-borrow any
part of the Loan which has been repaid. 

8. Payments 

All
payments made by the Borrower to the Lender under this agreement shall be made in full and paid on the due date for that payment in
US dollars and in immediately cleared funds to the account of the Lender IBAN: NL72 INGB 0006 7128 70 Or any other account as the
Lender may notify the Borrower. 

9. Value Added Tax 

All consideration expressed to
be payable under a Finance Document by the Borrower to the Lender shall be deemed to be exclusive of any VAT. 

10. Representations and Warranties 

The Borrower represents and warrants
as follows: 

10.1 The Borrower has the power to use its assets and carry on its business as it is
being conducted, and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated by
them. 

10.2 The Borrower has taken all necessary action and obtained all required or desirable
consents to enable it to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this agreement and to make this agreement admissible in evidence
in its jurisdiction of incorporation. Any such authorisations are in full force and effect. 

10.3 The information, in written or electronic format, supplied by the Borrower to the
Lender in connection with the Facility and this agreement was, at the time it was supplied, to the best of the Borrower s knowledge: 

10.3.1 complete, true and accurate in all material respects at the time it was supplied;
and 

10.3.2 not misleading in any material respect, nor rendered misleading by a failure to
disclose other information, 

except to the extent that it was
amended, superseded or updated by more recent information supplied by the Borrower to the Lender. 

10.4 Each set of financial statements delivered to the Lender by the Borrower were prepared
in accordance with consistently applied accounting principles, standards and practices generally accepted in its jurisdiction of incorporation,
and present the Borrower s financial condition and operations during the relevant accounting period fairly and accurately. 

10.5 No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are taking place, pending
or, to the Borrower s knowledge, threatened against it or any of its assets. 

10.6 No Event of Default has occurred, is continuing or will occur when an Advance is made. 

10.7 There has been no material adverse change in the business or financial condition
of the Borrower since the date of this agreement. 

4 

11. Covenants 

The Borrower covenants with the Lender
as follows: 

11.1 The Borrower shall without the consent of Lender not sell, lease,
transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets other than: 

11.1.1 trading stock in the ordinary course of business; 

11.1.2 assets whose market value is worth less than USD100,000. 

11.2 The Borrower shall notify the Lender of any Potential Event
of Default or Event of Default (and the steps being taken, if any, to remedy it) promptly on becoming aware of its occurrence. 

11.3 The Borrower shall supply to the Lender if so requested its
financial statements for the financial year. 

11.4 The Borrower shall supply to the Lender: 

11.4.1 details of any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings
which are current, threatened or pending against the Lender as soon as it becomes aware of them. 

11.4.2 any further information about the financial condition, business
and operations of the Borrower that the Lender may reasonably request. 

12. Events of Default 

The Loan plus accrued interest
shall (subject to the service of notice from the Lender to the Borrower) become immediately due and payable by the Borrower, in so far
as remaining unpaid, if an Event of Default occurs. 

Each of the events or circumstances
set out below is an Event of Default. 

12.1 The Borrower fails to pay any sum payable by it under the Finance
Documents when due, unless its failure to pay is caused solely by an administrative error or technical problem and payment is made within
30 Business Days of its due date. 

12.2 The Borrower fails (other than a failure to pay) to comply with
any provision of the Finance Documents and (if the Lender considers, acting reasonably, that the default is capable of remedy) such default
is not remedied within 30 days of:- 

12.2.1 the Borrower becoming aware of the default; or 

12.2.2 the Lender notifying the Borrower of the default and the remedy
required,Whichever is the earliest. 

12.3 Any representation, warranty or statement made, repeated or
deemed made by the Borrower in, or pursuant to, the Finance Documents is (or proves to have been) incomplete, untrue, incorrect or misleading
when made, repeated or deemed made. 

12.4 Any indebtedness of the Borrower is not paid when due; or 

12.4.1 any indebtedness becomes due, or capable of being declared due,
prior to its stated maturity by reason of default; or 

5 

12.4.2 any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress, execution
or enforcement of Security affects any of the Borrower s assets. 

12.5 An event or circumstance referred to in Clause 12.4 shall not
constitute an Event of Default if the aggregate amount of the indebtedness is less than USD 1,000. 

12.6 Any action, proceedings, procedure or step is taken in relation
to: 

12.6.1 the suspension of payments, winding up, dissolution, administration
or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of the Borrower; or 

12.6.2 the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, compulsory
manager or other similar officer in respect of the Borrower or any of its assets. 

12.7 Any Security on or over the assets of the Borrower becomes enforceable
and is not discharged within 30 days of enforcement commencing. 

12.8 Where any event occurs (or circumstances exist) which, in the
reasonable opinion of the Lender, is likely to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Borrower to perform all or any of its
obligations under, or otherwise comply with, the terms of the Finance Documents or any of them. 

13. Assignment and Transfer 

13.1 The Lender may assign any of its rights, or transfer any of
its rights or obligations by novation. 

13.2 The Borrower may not assign any of its rights or obligations
under the Finance Documents. 

14. Set-Off 

14.1 The Lender may set off any amounts owing under this agreement
against any sums owing the Lender to the Borrower. 

14.2 The Lender shall not be obliged to exercise any rights given
to it under this clause. 

15. Remedies, Waivers, Amendments and Consents 

15.1 Any amendment to this agreement shall be in writing and signed
by or on behalf of each party. 

15.2 Any waiver of any right or consent given under this agreement
is only effective if it is in writing and signed by the waiving and consenting party, and applies only in the circumstances for which
it is given. 

15.3 No delay or failure to exercise any right under this agreement
shall operate as a waiver of that right. 

15.4 No single or partial exercise of any right under this agreement
shall prevent any further exercise of the same or any other right under this agreement. 

15.5 Rights and remedies under this agreement are cumulative and
not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law or otherwise. 

16. Severance 

If any provision of this agreement
is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of this document
and the remainder of the provision in question shall not be affected thereby. 

6 

17. Third Party Rights 

A person who is not a party to this agreement shall have
no rights under this agreement pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 

18. Communications 

18.1 All communications between the parties about the loan shall
be in writing and delivered by hand or sent by pre-paid first class post or sent by fax or e-mail: 

18.1.1 (in the case of communications to the Lender) to its registered
office or such changed address as shall be notified to the Borrower by the Lender; or 

18.1.2 (in the case of the communications to the Borrower) to the registered
office of the addressee (if it is a company) or (in any other case) to any address of the Borrower set out in any document which forms
part of the contract or such other address as shall be notified to the Lender by the Borrower. 

18.2 Communications shall be deemed to have been received: 

18.2.1 if sent by pre-paid first class post, two Business Days after
posting (exclusive of the day of posting); or 

18.2.2 if delivered by hand, on the day of delivery; or 

18.2.3 if sent by fax or e-mail on a Business Day prior to 4.00 pm,
at the time of transmission and otherwise on the next Business Day. 

18.3 Communications addressed to the Lender shall be marked for the
attention of Charles Ratelband. 

19. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 

This Deed shall be governed by, construed and enforced in
accordance with the law of England and Wales to the jurisdiction of which the parties hereto submit. 

7 

IN
WITNESS OF WHICH the parties have signed this agreement the day and year first above written. 

/s/ Per Regnarsson 
 
 /s/ Charles Ratelband 
 
 Signed by Per Regnarsson 
 
 Signed by Charles Ratelband for and on 
 
 Re for and on behalf of the Borrower 
 
 behalf of the Lender 
 
 ClimateRock 
 
 Eternal BV 

8 

SCHEDULE 1 

Drawdown Notice 

To: Eternal BV, The Lender 

From: ClimateRock, The Borrower 

Date: 29 January 2023 

Re: 
 Loan Agreement dated 29 January 2023 made between the Lender and the Borrower for an amount of up to
USD 50,000. 

We refer to the Loan Agreement.
Terms defined in the Loan Agreement shall have their defined meanings when used in this Drawdown Notice. 

We confirm the total drawdown the Loan
as follows: 

Amount: USD
50,000 

Drawdown Period: 29
January 2023 to 31 March 2023 

We represent and warrant that the
Warranties as set out in the Loan Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as at the date of this notice and will be true
and correct in all material respects immediately. 

We confirm that no Event of Default
or Potential Event of Default has occurred as at the date of this notice. 

We acknowledge that this Drawdown
Notice cannot be revoked without the written consent of the Lender. 

/s/ Per Regnarsson 

Signed by Per Regnarsson 

Re for and on behalf of the Borrower 

ClimateRock 

9 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_climaterock.htm
 CERTIFICATION

E XHIBIT
 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Per Regnarsson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ClimateRock; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. (Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942); 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: February 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Per Regnarsson 

Per Regnarsson 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_climaterock.htm
 CERTIFICATION

E XHIBIT
 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Abhishek Bawa, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ClimateRock; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. (Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942); 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: February 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Abhishek Bawa 

Abhishek Bawa 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_climaterock.htm
 CERTIFICATION

E XHIBIT
 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of ClimateRock (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Per Regnarsson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: February 17, 2023 

/s/ Per Regnarsson 

Name: 
 Per Regnarsson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_climaterock.htm
 CERTIFICATION

E XHIBIT
 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of ClimateRock (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Abhishek Bawa, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: February 17, 2023 

/s/ Abhishek Bawa 

Name: 
 Abhishek Bawa 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 clcr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 clcr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 clcr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 clcr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 clcr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

