<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1851266_0001731122-23-000448.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4247791</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231177</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>791573</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1091946</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>940645</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1093424</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000448.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323165341
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000448
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001851266
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				862195674
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41071
		FILM NUMBER:		23756888

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1909 WOODALL RODGERS FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(214) 741-6105

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1909 WOODALL RODGERS FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000448.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 e4460_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
of such common equity, as of June 30, 2022, was . 

As of March 23, 2023, there were 
shares of the Registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A common stock and shares
of the Registrant s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

LF CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 FORM 10-K 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 PAGE 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 11 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 11 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 12 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 15 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 15 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 15 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 15 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 16 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 16 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 17 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 25 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 25 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 27 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 29 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 F-1 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 F-1 

1 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, references to: 

amended and restated certificate of incorporation are to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of the Company, as currently in effect; 

anchor investor are to certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc.; 

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock; 

equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock issued in connection with our initial business combination including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt; 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially issued to our Sponsor in a private placement prior to our IPO and the shares of our Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of our Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of our Class A common stock will not be public shares 

IPO are to our initial public offering of units, which was closed on November 19, 2021; 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our IPO; 

management or management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our Sponsor, the anchor investor, and the underwriter in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our IPO and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our IPO (whether they were purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our Sponsor and management team to the extent our Sponsor and/or members of our management team purchased public shares, provided that each of our Sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

Sponsor are to Level Field Capital II, LLC, and references to the experience of our Sponsor include the experience of members of our Sponsor; 

underwriter are to Jefferies LLC, the underwriter of our IPO; and 

we, us, the Company or our Company are to LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II, a Delaware corporation. 

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report, including, without
limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, 
 anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, 
 projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other
variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such
statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination
and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current
expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements, including the potential conflicts of interest described herein; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our ability to complete an initial business combination despite the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our pool of prospective target businesses in the financial technology or services, technology, digital asset or consumer sectors and the effects on those industries of broader economic trends, including the effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance, including our financial performance following our initial business combination. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects
from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

3 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are an early-stage blank check
company incorporated in February 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. 

Recent Events 

On March 5, 2021, our Sponsor acquired
100 shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 250.00 per share.
On March 15, 2021, we effected a 64,687.5-for-one forward stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock and reclassified
those issued and outstanding shares into shares of Class B common stock. On June 21, 2021, we effected an approximately 1.11-for-one forward
stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock. On October 26, 2021, we effected an approximately one-for-1.11
reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock. At the time of our IPO, the Sponsor held 6,468,750 founder
shares (reflecting an aggregate capital contribution of approximately 0.004 per share). The number of founder shares issued was determined
based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon completion
of the IPO. On November 19, 2021, our Sponsor transferred 20,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors at their original
purchase price. In addition, at the closing of our initial business combination, our anchor investor will be entitled to purchase from
our Sponsor an aggregate of 12.5 of the number of founder shares outstanding upon the final closing of the IPO, at a purchase price of
approximately 0.004 per share. 

On November 19, 2021, we completed
our IPO of 25,875,000 units, including 3,375,000 units purchased by the underwriter pursuant to the over-allotment option granted by the
Company to the underwriter. Each Unit consists of one share Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant
of the Company Public Warrant ), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common
stock for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the
Company of 258,750,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we completed the private sale of warrants to purchase an aggregate of 12,350,000 shares of Class A common stock at 11.50
per share (the Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor, the anchor investor and the underwriter at a purchase price of
 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 12,350,000. 

A total of 263,925,000, comprised
of 253,575,000 of the proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes 9,056,250 of the underwriter s deferred fee) and 10,350,000
of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, were placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

On January 7, 2022, we announced
that the holders of our Units may elect to separately trade on Nasdaq the Class A common stock and Public warrants included in the units
under the symbols LFAC and LFACW, respectively. Those units not separated will continue to trade on Nasdaq
under the symbol LFACU and each of the shares of Class A common stock and warrants that are separated will trade on Nasdaq
under the symbols LFAC and LFACW, respectively. 

 On April 13, 2022, the sponsor
issued a convertible note, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 1,500,000 (the 2022
Convertible Note ). The 2022 Convertible Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the later of (a) February 19, 2023 (or such
later date as the Company may extend the deadline to complete the business combination and (b) the effective date of the business combination. 

At the option of the sponsor, at
any time on or prior to the maturity date, any amounts outstanding under the 2022 Convertible Note (or any portion thereof) up to 1,500,000
in the aggregate, may be converted into warrants to purchase Class A common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to 1.00
per whole warrant. As of December 31, 2022, there is an amount outstanding of 625,000 under the 2022 Convertible Note. 

On December 1, 2022, Djemi Traboulsi
resigned as a director of the Company to ensure that the Company remained in compliance with the requirement that the board of directors
of each company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market have a majority of independent directors. Mr. Traboulsi did not resign as a result of
any dispute or disagreement with the Company or board of directors on any matters relating to the Company s operations, policies
or practices. On February 1, 2023, Mr. Traboulsi was appointed as an officer, to serve as the Company s Senior Vice President and
Managing Director. 

On
February 14, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Charter ),
our Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of 6,388,750 shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class
B Common Stock ), elected to convert 6,268,750 shares of the Class B Common Stock held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock of the Company. Following such conversion, as of February
14, 2023, the Company had an aggregate of 32,143,750 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding and 200,000 shares of Class
B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

4 

On February 15, 2023, the
Company held a special meeting of its stockholders (the Special Meeting to vote on a proposal to amend the Company s
Charter to increase the monthly extension payment per one-month extension of the deadline to complete the initial business combination
to 0.04 per share of the Company s Class A common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering (the Charter
Amendment Proposal ). The Company convened and adjourned the Special Meeting without conducting any business and the Company
adjourned the Special Meeting until February 17, 2023. The Company will have until August 19, 2023 to compete its business combination,
subject to the 0.04 per share monthly extension payments. 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company signed a letter of intent with a target company Target Company for a potential business
combination which, if completed, would qualify as its initial business combination. The letter of intent is non-binding with respect to
all its material terms, except with respect to provisions regarding a limited period of exclusivity. The Target Company is a US-based
manufacturer in the packaging industry with industry-leading profitability serving diversified end markets and with an established and
highly attractive, blue-chip customer base that are subject to multi-year contracts. 

On February 17, 2023, the Company
reconvened the Special Meeting at which its stockholders approved the Charter Amendment Proposal. In connection with the vote to approve
the Charter Amendment Proposal, holders of 14,574,581 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares
of Class A common stock at a redemption price of approximately 10.35 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 150,738,777.
As such, approximately 56 of the Class A common stock outstanding with redemption rights was redeemed and approximately 17,572,169 shares
of the Class A common stock remain outstanding. After giving effect to the redemptions, 116,875,493 remains in the Trust Account. 

On
February 21, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note (the 2023 Note in the aggregate principal amount of up to
 2,712,100.56 (the Extension Funds to our Sponsor, pursuant to which a portion of the Extension Funds may be deposited
into the Trust Account for each share of Class A common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering that was not
redeemed in connection with increase of the redemption price set forth in the Charter Amendment Proposal. On February 21, 2023,
the Company drew down 452,016.76 under the 2023 Note to fund the first extension payment. 

On March 13, 2023, Scott
Reed resigned from the board of directors of the Company and from his positions as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
Reed did not resign as a result of any dispute or disagreement with the Company or board of directors on any matters relating
to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Mr. Reed will continue to serve as an advisor to the Company. On March
13, 2023, Elias Farhat, who is also a member of the board of directors, was appointed as the new Chief Executive Officer. 

On March 13, 2023, the
Company announced that Djemi Traboulsi, Senior Vice President and Managing Director of the Company, was appointed to the board
of directors, to serve until the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company and until his successor is elected and qualified. 

On March 20, 2023, the Company
made a deposit of 452,016.76 to the Company s trust account (the extension payment for the benefit of the Company s
Class A common stock sold in the initial public offering, and extended the period of time the Company has to consummate an initial business
combination until April 19, 2023. In connection with the extension payment, the Company drew down 452,016.76 under the 2023 Note issued
by the Company to the Company s sponsor. 

On March 21, 2023, Djemi Traboulsi
resigned from his position as Senior Vice President and Managing Director. Mr. Traboulsi did not resign as a result of any dispute or
disagreement with the Company or board of directors on any matters relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices.
Mr. Traboulsi will continue to serve as a member of the board of directors of the Company. 

Our Business Model 

Although we may pursue an acquisition
opportunity in any business industry, sector or geographical location, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management and board
to identify and acquire a business with a disruptive business model that may provide opportunities for attractive risk-adjusted returns
in the financial technology or services, technology, digital asset or consumer sectors. We believe that our management team is well positioned
to identify attractive risk-adjusted returns in the marketplace and that their contacts and transaction sources, ranging from industry
executives, private owners, private equity funds, and investment bankers will enable us to pursue an attractive set of opportunities.
Our management team believes that its ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives will remain central to its differentiated
acquisition strategy. 

 Our management team s objective
is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns and create value for our stockholders by applying a disciplined strategy of underwriting
intrinsic worth and partnering with management to build long-term stockholder value. Our management team intends to apply a disciplined
approach which will focus on (i) large addressable market opportunities; (ii) attractive business models with strong competitive advantages;
(iii) businesses with significant opportunities for growth; and (iv) capable management teams looking for a value-added partner. We do
not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Our management
team has an in-depth understanding of high growth business opportunities where we believe technology is creating disruption, and the ability
to leverage technology to increase stockholder value. 

Our management team has extensive
experience in identifying and executing attractive investments across a number of sectors, including financial technology, a sector that
is a focus for us, which we believe presents an opportunity to take advantage of the intersection of technology, process improvements
and business model innovations. In addition, our team has significant hands-on experience working with private companies in preparing
for and executing an initial public offering and serving as active owners and directors post-public offering by working closely with these
companies to continue their transformations and help create value in the public markets. 

Business Strategy 

Our acquisition and value creation
strategy is to identify, acquire and, after our initial business combination, build a company with a disruptive business model that could
benefit from a hands-on owner with extensive operational experience in the financial technology or services, technology, digital asset
or consumer sectors that complements the experience of our management team and board of directors and can benefit from their extensive
knowledge of these sectors. Our acquisition strategy will leverage our management team s network of proprietary transaction sources
where we believe a combination of the relationships, knowledge and experience of our management and board members could effect a positive
transformation or augmentation of existing businesses or properties to improve their overall value proposition. 

5 

Over the course of their careers,
the members of our management team and their affiliates have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we
believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. This network has been developed through our management team s
extensive experience in both investing in a wide variety of industries and business situations. We expect these networks will provide
our management team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates may be
sourced from various unaffiliated sources, which may include investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking
firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Members of our management team are communicating with their networks
of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a potential business combination and begin the process
of pursuing and reviewing potentially interesting leads. 

Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent with our business strategy,
we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses.
We use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination
with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire companies or assets that we believe: 

can utilize the extensive networks and insights we have built in the financial technology or services, technology, digital asset or consumer sectors; 

are at an inflection point, such as requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate through new operational techniques, or where we believe we can drive improved financial performance; 

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics, desirable returns on capital, and a need for capital to achieve the company s growth strategy, that we believe have been incorrectly valued by the marketplace based on our analysis and due diligence review; 

offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders. We will seek to acquire the target on terms and in a manner that leverages our management team s experience in investing within the financial technology or services, technology, digital asset or consumer sectors. Potential upside from growth in the target business and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks; and 

is in good standing with any applicable regulatory authorities. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target business does not meet some or all of the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to
our initial business combination, which would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Initial Business Combination 

The Nasdaq rules require that we
must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time
of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination
of the fair market value of our initial business combination, based upon its assessment of the target, including, but not limited to,
the target s assets, operating results, and prospects. In connection with our board of directors determination as to its
opinion of the fair market value of the target business, our board of directors may, in its discretion, seek the analyses and advice of
third parties on which the board may rely, including seeking to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is
a member of FINRA or an independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the fair market value of business
combinations. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such advice or opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such advice
or opinion. We can offer no assurance our board of directors will seek such advice or opinion in connection with our initial business
combination, or will be able to obtain such advice or opinion if desired . Additionally, pursuant
to the Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

6 

We may raise additional proceeds
to complete an acquisition opportunity by making a specified future issuance. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified
future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine
not to do so. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, any such specified future issuance would result in
an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate
percentage ownership at 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the IPO plus all
shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of our Class B common
stock agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time
whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such
adjustment to the conversion ratio. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership
of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment
is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. 

We anticipate structuring our initial
business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will comply with any applicable
regulatory requirements and own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however,
structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team
or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or
acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target or assets sufficient
for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business
combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and
us in an initial business combination transaction. 

For example, we could pursue a
transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other
equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that
is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If our initial business combination
involves more than one target business, Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target
businesses, and we will treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for
seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

To the extent we effect our initial
business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may
be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

The time required to select and
evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective target
business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review including, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal
and other information made available to us (including any relevant and applicable regulatory filings). We cannot currently ascertain the
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated
with this process. Any costs incurred with respect to prospective target businesses with which we do not ultimately complete an initial
business combination will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing
an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with such persons, we, or a committee of independent directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our
initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

7 

Members of our management team
and our independent directors own, directly or indirectly, shares of our common stock and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly,
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our executive officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to
evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such executive officers and directors is included
by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their
time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. Each of our executive officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to
which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity or is subject to other
contractual restrictions. Accordingly, if any of our executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
which is suitable for an entity to which they have then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to such executive
officer s or director s fiduciary duties under Delaware law, they will need to honor their fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity,
we may be precluded from pursuing the same. We do not expect, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our executive
officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or executive officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in their capacity as a director or executive officer of our company and such
opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure as a public
company makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business
an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination
transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests
in the target business for our Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A common stock
and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method
a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial
public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination
transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting fees, that
may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, after a proposed business
combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject
to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering
from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access
to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to
use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile
among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

Although we believe that our structure
and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our
status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed
initial business combination, negatively. 

Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth
company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the
 JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are
applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ),
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the
JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth
company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth
company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

8 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates
equaled or exceeded 250.0 million as of the prior June 30 th and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100.0 million
during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 700.0 million
as of the prior June 30 th . 

Facilities 

Our executive offices are located
at 1909 Woodall Rodgers Freeway, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75201, and our telephone number is (214) 740-6105. We pay an affiliate of our
Sponsor a total of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office
space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have three executive
officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much
of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they
will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and
the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A common stock
and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act, and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with the SEC. 

We will provide stockholders with
audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements may be required to
be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, U.S. GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements
may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ).
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable
to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a
potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the
potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the
extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool
of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate our
internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required
to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We have filed a Registration Statement
on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject
to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting
or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Available Information 

 We
are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required
to disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets
other than in the ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The
SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without
charge upon request from us in writing at 1909 Woodall Rodgers Freeway, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75201 or on our website, www.lfcapital.co . 

9 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to include risk factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are an early-stage Company with minimal revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

the SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we will, no later than the date that is 24 months following the effective date of our IPO registration statement, instruct the trustee to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, which may include interest bearing demand deposit accounts at banks, until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of any investments in the trust account, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; and 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack of an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management. 

Our
proposed initial business combination involves transactional and integration risks. 

We have entered into a letter of intent
with the Target Company for a potential business combination which, if completed, would qualify
as our initial business combination. The letter of intent is non-binding with respect to all its material terms, except with respect
to provisions regarding a limited period of exclusivity. We have not yet finalized a definitive agreement to complete this
transaction and there is no assurance that we will enter into a definitive agreement on acceptable terms or at all. Assuming we proceed
to enter into a definite agreement with the Target Company and consummate the proposed transaction, there is no assurance that the Target
Company will successfully integrate with us to gain the intended benefits of this acquisition. 

10 

We may be deemed a foreign person 
under the regulations relating to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), and any business combination
may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity. 

Our Sponsor, Level Field Capital II LLC, may be deemed
to be controlled by or have substantial ties with a non-U.S. person given that a managing member of our Sponsor is a citizen
of Lebanon. Certain federally licensed businesses in the United States are subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership.
In addition, CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign persons to determine
the effect of such transactions on U.S. national security. Therefore, because we may be considered a foreign person under
such rules and regulations, we could be subject to foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review if our proposed business combination
is between us and a U.S. target company engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security. 

The scope of CFIUS was expanded by the Foreign Investment
Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments
in sensitive U.S. businesses. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subject certain categories of
investments to mandatory CFIUS filings. It is unclear at this stage whether our potential business combination will fall within CFIUS s
jurisdiction, and if so, whether we would be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS. If
we seek CFIUS review prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be subject to substantial delays and increased
transaction costs. If we are required to undergo a CFIUS review following the completion of our initial business combination, in addition
to any conditions or divestiture requirements imposed on us, we may incur substantial costs in connection therewith. Other possible foreign
ownership limitations, and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from pursuing
certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result,
the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected
in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

Moreover, the process of government review, whether
by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our initial business combination. If we cannot complete our
initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 21 months, if and as extended) of the closing of our initial public offering because
the review process drags on beyond such timeframe or because our initial business combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another
U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public stockholders may only receive 10.20 per share of
Class A common stock on the liquidation of their shares and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause our investors to
lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation
in the combined company. 

For the complete list of risks
relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our prospectus dated November 16, 2021. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our executive offices are located
at 1909 Woodall Rodgers Freeway, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75201, and our telephone number is (214) 740-6105. Our executive offices are
provided to us by an affiliate of our Sponsor, and we pay such affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 15,000 per month for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There is no material litigation,
arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and
we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the twelve months preceding the date of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

11 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our units, Class A common stock
and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols LFACU, LFAC and LFACW, 
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 17, 2021 and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced public trading
separately on January 7, 2022. Our Class B common stock is not listed on any exchange. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On March 23, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder
of record of our separately traded shares of Class A common stock, five holders of record of our Class B common stock and six holders
of record of our separately traded warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street
name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A common stock and public warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and
other financial institutions. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with
our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

(f) 
 Use of Proceeds from the IPO 

On November 19, 2021, the Company
consummated its IPO of 25,875,000 units, including 3,375,000 units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment
option. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each whole
warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price
of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 258,750,000. 

A total of 263,925,000 of the
proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes 9,056,250 of the underwriter s deferred fee) and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, acting as trustee. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government securities with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

ITEM 6. Reserved 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes
related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our
actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

12 

Overview 

We are an early-stage blank check
company incorporated in February 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We completed our IPO on
November 19, 2021. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the
private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company signed a letter of intent with the Target Company for a potential business combination which, if completed,
would qualify as its initial business combination. The letter of intent is non-binding with respect to all its material terms, except
with respect to provisions regarding a limited period of exclusivity. The Target Company is a US-based manufacturer in the packaging
industry with industry-leading profitability serving diversified end markets and with an established and highly attractive, blue-chip
customer base that are subject to multi-year contracts. 

We presently have no revenue, have had losses since inception from incurring
formation costs and have had no operations other than the active solicitation of a target business with which to complete an initial business
combination. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans
to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any
operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary
to prepare for the IPO, described below, and, after our IPO, identifying a target company for an initial business combination. We do not
expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, we had a net income of 1,984,300, which consisted of a change in fair value of Convertible Note of 425,296, interest earned on
marketable securities held in the trust account of 3,856,720 and dividend income of 2,868, offset by operating costs of 1,543,593 and
income tax expense of 756,991. 

For the period from February 19,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of 223,233, which consisted of operating costs of 255,131 and provision
for income taxes of 19,287, offset by interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 12,611. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had 67,770 in its operating bank account, 266,821,059 in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business
Combination or to repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith and working capital of 339,349. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern, management has determined that should the Company
be unable to complete a Business Combination, the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution described in Note 1 of the financial
statements that would follow, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company
had 15 months from the closing of the IPO (i.e., February 19, 2023), subject to six one-month extensions (i.e., up to August 19,
2023) to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination
by the specified period. If a Business Combination is not consummated August 19, 2023 (or such earlier date if the Company does
not exercise its option(s) to extend the deadline), there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. These financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. On February 15, 2023, the Company held a Special
Meeting to vote on a proposal to amend the Charter to increase the monthly extension payment per one-month extension of the deadline
to complete the initial business combination to 0.04 per share of the Company s Class A common stock sold in the Company s
initial public offering (the Charter Amendment Proposal ). The Company convened and adjourned the Special Meeting
without conducting any business and the Company adjourned the Special Meeting until February 17, 2023. On February 17, 2023, the
Company reconvened the Special Meeting at which its stockholders approved the Charter Amendment Proposal. In connection with the
vote to approve the Charter Amendment Proposal, holders of 14,574,581 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right
to redeem their shares of Class A common stock at a redemption price of approximately 10.35 per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of approximately 150,738,777. As such, approximately 56 of the Class A common stock outstanding with redemption rights
was redeemed and approximately 17,572,169 shares of the Class A common stock remain outstanding. After giving effect to the redemptions,
 116,875,493 remains in the Trust Account. 

On
February 21, 2023, the Company issued the 2023 Note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 2,712,100.56 (the Extension
Funds to our Sponsor, pursuant to which a portion of the Extension Funds may be deposited into the Trust Account for each
share of Class A common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering that was not redeemed in connection with increase
of the redemption price set forth in the Charter Amendment Proposal. On February 21, 2023, the Company drew down 452,016.76 under
the 2023 Note to fund the first extension payment. 

13 

Also, in connection with
the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the ASU Subtopic 205-40 management has determined
that if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination
by August 19, 2023 (or such earlier date if the Company does not exercise its option(s) to extend the deadline) then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition as well as the date for mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

These financial statements do not
include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s liquidity needs
prior to the consummation of the IPO were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from the Sponsor to cover certain offering costs on
the Company s behalf in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares (Note 4) and a promissory note, as amended, from the Sponsor (see
Note 4). Subsequent to the IPO, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through a portion of the net proceeds from the
Private Placement. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account
for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for
travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination.
In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company will need to raise additional capital through
loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors
and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable
in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. 

On April 13, 2022, the Sponsor
issued the 2022 Convertible Note, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 1,500,000. The 2022
Convertible Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the later of (a) February 19, 2023 (or such later date as the Company may extend
the deadline to complete the business combination and (b) the effective date of the business combination. 

At the option of the Sponsor, at
any time on or prior to the maturity date, any amounts outstanding under the 2022 Convertible Note (or any portion thereof) up to 1,500,000
in the aggregate, may be converted into warrants to purchase Class A common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to 1.00
per whole warrant. As of December 31, 2022, there was an amount outstanding of 625,000 under the 2022 Convertible Note. 

The 2022 Convertible note was accounted
for using the fair value method. The advances of 625,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 were initially valued at 501,147 whereas
the difference of 123,853 was recorded as a credit to stockholders deficit. The change in the fair value of the note recorded
in the statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 425,296, resulting in a fair value of the 2022 Convertible
Note of 75,851. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022, we do
not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement
to pay affiliate of our Sponsor a monthly fee of 15,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative and support. We
began incurring these fees on consummation of the IPO and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion
of our initial business combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriter is entitled to
a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit sold in the IPO, or 9,056,250 in the aggregate. This deferred fee will be waived by the underwriter
in the event that the Company does not complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement with
respect to the Company s IPO. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during
the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting
policies: 

14 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

W e
account for our Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Common stock subject to
mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including
common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equit y . At all
other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equit y . Our Class A Common
Stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingl y , our Class A Common Stock
subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equit y , outside of the stockholders 
equity section of our balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying
value of redeemable Class A Common Stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each
reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Class A Common
Stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Convertible Promissory Note 

 The Company accounts for the 2022 Convertible Note
under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). Under 815-15-25, the election can be at the inception of
a financial instrument to account for the instrument under the fair value option under ASC 825, Financial Instruments ASC
825 ). The Company has made such election for its convertible promissory note. Using the fair value option, the convertible promissory
note is required to be recorded at its initial fair value on the date of issuance and each balance sheet date thereafter. Differences
between the face value of the note and fair value at issuance are recognized as either an expense in the statements of operations (if
issued at a premium) or as a capital contribution (if issued at a discount). Changes in the estimated fair value of the notes are recognized
as non-cash gains or losses in the statements of operations. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share 

The Company follows the two-class
method to calculate earnings per ordinary share. Net loss per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor.
The calculation of diluted income (loss) per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the IPO and
warrants issued in the Private Placement since the exercise of these warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The
calculation also does not include the warrants that could be issued as a result of the conversion option in the convertible promissory
note. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and/or other contracts that could,
potentiall y , be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in the earnings
of the Compan y . As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss)
per share for the period presented. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

The Company has reviewed recent
accounting pronouncements and concluded that they are either not applicable to the Company or no material effect is expected on the financial
statements as a result of future adoption. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISKS 

We are a smaller reporting company
as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. As a result, pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide
the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

This information appears following
Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

15 

We do not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations
implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company
under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has not been any change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding
Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

16 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Elias Farhat 
 
 57 
 
 Executive Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Baudouin Prot 
 
 71 
 
 Non-Executive Chairman of the Board 
 
 Alberto Bianchinotti 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Steve Reed 
 
 45 
 
 Senior Vice President and Managing Director 
 
 Djemi Traboulsi 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert Black 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 James Hodge 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Habib Kairouz 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Jodi Shelton 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Elias Farhat has
served as our Executive Chairman of the Board since March 2021 and as a member of our board of directors since February 2021. Mr.
Farhat is the former Chief Strategy Officer for Candriam, an asset management company with over 175 billion under management.
He served in that role from 2016 to 2021. Mr. Farhat was also member of Candriam s Group Strategic Committee and its Executive
Committee and served as a member of its board of directors. From 2003 to 2016, Mr. Farhat was a Partner of Capital E Advisors,
Inc., a private equity and real estate firm, and held several board and advisory positions at portfolio companies affiliated with
Capital E. Mr. Farhat founded Velocity Advisors, Inc, a private equity advisory firm that sourced and structured transactions on
behalf of institutional investors, and served as its Managing Partner from 2002 to 2016. From 1990 to 2002, Mr. Farhat served in
various management consultancy positions at Bain Company, including as a Vice President and Partner from 1998 to 2002. At
Bain, Mr. Farhat advised boards, CEOs and senior management of Fortune 1000 companies as well as several private equity funds on
a broad range of strategic, operational, financial and organizational issues. Mr. Farhat led Bain s Private Equity Group
activities in the Southern United States and was involved in its Investment Committee. Mr. Farhat currently serves as a member
of the boards of directors of Lakeside Capital Advisors, L.P., a private equity firm, and Landsea Homes. Mr. Farhat also previously
served as a member of the boards of directors of Huron Inc., a manufacturing company, CBI Laboratories, Inc., a cosmetics company,
and LF Capital Acquisition Corp. from its inception through the completion of its business combination with Landsea Homes in January
2021. Mr. Farhat is a graduate of Ecole Sup rieure des Sciences Economiques et Commerciales (ESSEC) in Paris. Mr. Farhat s
extensive experience in business and investing in and advising companies qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

Baudouin Prot has served
as a member of our board of directors since March 2021 and was appointed Non-Executive Chairman of the Board in March 2021. Mr. Prot is
a Senior Advisor to Boston Consulting Group, a position he has held since 2015. From 1996 to 2014, Mr. Prot served in various leadership
positions at BNP Paribas S.A., including (i) as its Chairman from 2011 to 2014 and as a member of its board of directors from 2000 to
2011 before being appointed as its Chairman; (ii) as its Chief Executive Officer and President from 2003 to 2011; and (iii) as its Chief
Operating Officer from 1996 to 2003. Between 2003 and 2014, the French bank tripled its shareholders equity (from 28.3B to
 89.4B), doubled revenues (from 18B to 39B) and doubled headcount (from 89,000 to 188,000 employees). During his tenure
as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BNP Paribas, Mr. Prot implemented a successful expansion strategy in the United States via
its U.S.-based subsidiary, BancWest, including a: (i) 1.2 billion acquisition of Community First Bankshares, Inc.; (ii) 1.36 billion
acquisition of Commercial Federal Corporation; and (iii) 245 million acquisition of USDB Bancorp. Prior to his time at BNP, Mr. Prot
served as an inspecteur des finances at the French Ministry of Finance from 1976 to 1980. Mr. Prot serves on the boards of directors of
Kering S.A., a group of luxury brands, Foncia Group S.A., a provider of real estate management services, Finastra, a financial technology
company, and Alstom S.A., a world leader in rolling stock. Mr. Prot previously served as a member of the boards of directors of Veolia
Environment, S.A., a provider of resource management solutions, and Lafarge S.A., a supplier of construction materials. Mr. Prot also
previously served as Chairman of the Association Francaise des Banques and as the Chairman and a member of the board of directors of LF Capital Acquisition Corp. from its inception through the completion of its business combination with Landsea Homes in January 2021. Mr. Prot was named Financier
of the Year by Les Echos in 2006 and 2009 and received the Foreign Policy Association award (USA) for Corporate Social Responsibility 
in 2007. Mr. Prot was named Strategist of the Year by the financial daily newspaper La Tribune in 2009 and, in 2010, the
Institutional Investor magazine named Mr. Prot Best European Banking CEO. Mr. Prot has also been named Officer of the Legion
of Honor and Officer of the National Order of Merit by the French Republic. Mr. Prot is a graduate of the cole Nationale d Administration
and earned his master of business administration from HEC Paris. Mr. Prot s extensive experience in financial institutions and successful
acquisitions qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

17 

Alberto Bianchinotti 
has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 2021. Mr. Bianchinotti is the owner of AM Knight Financial Services, a CPA
firm that he founded in 2013, and has experience working with new businesses in the life sciences, software and real estate industries.
Mr. Bianchinotti is a Certified Public Accountant and consultant with an expertise in the launching of investment advisers and
start-ups. He has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Merlin Biomed Private Equity Advisors,
a crossover private equity fund, since 2007. Prior to that, Mr. Bianchinotti was a Financial Analyst and Controller at Merlin Biomed
Investment Advisors from 2004 to 2007 and a Financial Services Audit Supervisor at Anchin, Block and Anchin LLP from 1999 to 2004.
Mr. Bianchinotti served as the Chief Financial Officer of LF Capital Acquisition Corp. from July 2020 through the completion of
its business combination with Landsea Homes in January 2021. He also assisted in the oversight of the finances and operations of
LF Capital Acquisition Corp. from December 2017 through July 2020 through his firm, AM Knight Financial Services. Mr. Bianchinotti
earned his bachelor s degree in accounting from Binghamton University and a certification in financial planning from New
York University. 

Steve Reed has served
as our Senior Vice President and Managing Director since January 2022. Mr. Reed is a co-founder and Managing Partner of Stonehollow
Capital Partners, which makes direct equity investments in private companies across industries throughout the United States. Prior
to founding Stonehollow in January 2019, from 2014 to 2018, Mr. Reed served as a Managing Partner of EF Capital Management, the
investment arm of a family office, which largely focused on direct equity and direct debt investments, in both public and private
companies, across industries, throughout North America. From 2005 to 2013, Mr. Reed served as a founding member and Partner at
BankCap Partners, a private equity firm that focuses on investments in the U.S. commercial banking space. Mr. Reed began his career
as an investment banker in 2000 at Bear, Stearns Co. in the Financial Institutions Group, later joining Houlihan Lokey in
2002, where he worked in their Generalist and Restructuring Groups. Over his career, Mr. Reed has sourced, underwritten and or
managed nearly 2 billion in direct equity and debt investments and financings, spanning multiple industries, including investments
in high-growth, as well as, mature companies and has served in various Board and advisory capacities, providing counsel to companies
across a broad range of strategic, operational, financial and organizational issues. Mr. Reed graduated magna cum laude from Texas
A M University with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Finance and is a Chartered Financial Analyst. 

Djemi Traboulsi was reappointed to our board of directors in March 2023. Mr. Traboulsi
served as a member of LF Capital Acquisition Corp. s board of directors from its inception through the completion of its business
combination with Landsea Homes in January 2021. Mr. Traboulsi served as President of Capital E Advisors, Inc., Capital E Group s
U.S. private equity and real estate research arm, from 2005 to 2022. Mr. Traboulsi served as Managing Director of Kenmar Capital Advisors
(formerly Kenmar Advisory Corp.), an alternative asset manager, from 1991 to 2001. Prior to 1991, Mr. Traboulsi held various M A and
corporate finance positions with Mabon, Nugent Co., an international investment bank and brokerage firm. Mr. Traboulsi earned his
bachelor s degree in business administration from the American University of Paris, and he attended the Leonard N. Stern School
of Business at New York University. Mr. Traboulsi s extensive experience in business and investing in and advising companies qualifies
him to serve on the Company s board of directors. 

Robert Black has
served as a member of our board of directors since March 2021. Mr. Black serves as the Chairman of the board of directors of RTIC
Outdoors, LLC, a direct-to-consumer retailer of outdoor gear, a position he has held since 2020. He also serves as an Executive
Advisory Partner of Wind Point Partners, a private equity firm, a position he has held since 2013, and a Senior Advisor to Boston
Consulting Group s Global Consumer Practice, a position he has held since 2012. From 2006 to 2012, Mr. Black served in various
leadership positions at Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE: KMB), including as its Group President from 2007 to 2012, its Chief
Strategy Officer from 2006 to 2007 and its Chief Innovation Officer from 2006 to 2007. Prior to that, from 2004 to 2006, Mr. Black
served as the President, Chief Operating Officer and a member of the board of directors of Sammons Enterprises, a privately held
financial consumer oriented and service-based business. From 1994 to 2004, Mr. Black served in a number of leadership positions
at Steelcase, Inc. (NYSE: SCS), including as President of Steelcase International and as a member of the Steelcase, Inc. Executive
Committee. Prior to that, he also held senior positions at McKinsey Company, Baxter International, Inc. and Hard Manufacturing
Co., Inc. Since 2018, 

18 

Mr. Black has served on the board of directors of Edgewell
Personal Care Company (NYSE: EPC). Mr. Black also serves on the boards of directors of good2grow, a manufacturer of healthy drinks and
snacks for kids and Targeted PetCare Group, a manufacturer of animal litter, bedding products and dental pet treats. Mr. Black has also
previously served on the boards of directors of a number of public companies, including Annie s, Inc. (formerly NYSE: BNNY) (from
2014 to 2015), North American Technologies Group, Inc. (from 2004 to 2005), Modernform Group Public Company Ltd. (in 2002) and Kimberly-Clark
de Mexico (from 2008 to 2012), Pestell Nutrition and DecoPac. Mr. Black earned his bachelor s degree in management from the State
University of New York at Buffalo and his master of business administration from Harvard Business School. Mr. Black s extensive
experience in the consumer products industry qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

James Hodge 
has served as a member of our board of directors since March 2021. Mr. Hodge founded Arrowsmith, LLC, an investment
management firm, in 1999 and has served as its President and Chief Investment Officer since its inception. From 1987 to 2016,
Mr. Hodge served as the President and Chief Investment Officer of Permal Asset Management, an investment management firm. Mr.
Hodge is a member of the advisory board of Alpha Japan Asset Advisors Ltd., an asset management company, and the Investment
Committee of Indiana University Foundation. He also serves on the boards of directors for a number of investment funds,
including China Alpha II Fund Ltd., China Alpha Master Fund Ltd., Hel Ved Master Fund, Hel Ved Feeder Fund, Hel Ved US Feeder
Fund, Hel Ved Global Opportunities Fund, Hel Ved Global Opportunities Feeder Fund, WF Asian Reconnaissance Fund Limited and
WF Asian Smaller Companies Fund Limited. Mr. Hodge earned his bachelor s degree in business administration and
management from Indiana University at Bloomington and his master of business administration degree from Harvard Business
School. Mr. Hodge s extensive experience in leading and advising investment management firms qualifies him to serve on
our board of directors. 

Habib Kairouz has served
as a member of our board of directors since March 2021. Mr. Kairouz is a Managing Partner of Rho Capital Partners, a private equity and
venture capital firm with a focus on technology investments, where he has been employed since 1993 and a position he has held since 1999.
Mr. Kairouz is a member of the boards of directors of Kasisto, Inc., a software developer of conversational AI platforms for the financial
services industry, Passport Labs, Inc., a software developer of parking payment and enforcement solutions, Snagajob, Inc. an online marketplace
for hourly work, Pawlicy Advisor, Inc., a pet insurance marketplace, and Dashlane Inc., a provider of password management solutions. Mr.
Kairouz also previously served on the boards of directors of a number of public companies, including iVillage (formerly Nasdaq: IVIL)
(from 1997-2006), IntraLinks Holdings, Inc. (formerly NYSE: IL) (from 2001-2017), Everyday Health, Inc. (formerly NYSE: EVDY) (from 2003-2016)
and ReachLocal, Inc. (formerly Nasdaq: RLOC) (from 2007-2016). Mr. Kairouz earned his bachelor s degrees in engineering and economics
from Cornell University and his master of business administration from Columbia Business School. Mr. Kairouz s extensive experience
in venture capital and investing in and advising technology companies qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

Jodi Shelton has
served as a member of our board of directors since March 2021. In 1994, Ms. Shelton co-founded the Global Semiconductor Alliance,
an industry organization that strives to prepare the semiconductor industry for paradigm shifts by aligning leadership from more
than 300 companies in more than 30 countries, and has served as its Chief Executive Officer and as a member of its board of directors
since its inception. Ms. Shelton also founded the Shelton Group, an integrated investor relations and public relations agency,
in 1994 and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since its inception. From 1990 to 1994, Ms. Shelton served as the Director
of Investment Relations at Cyrix Corporation, a manufacturer of computer processor solutions. Ms.
Shelton has served on the board of advisors of Nanotronics Imaging, Inc., an emerging technology company using artificial intelligence
and robotics to transform manufacturing, since April 2021 and has served on the board
of directors of Curic Inc., a start-up developing a patented smart-diaper technology, since June 2020 .
 Ms. Shelton has served as a board member and a member of the Nomination and Governance Committee for
Silvaco Group, a provider of TCAD EDA software and design IP since September 2022. Ms. Shelton previously served
as a member of the board of advisors of the Saratoga County Prosperity Partnership and as a member of the boards of directors
of Silicon Border Holding Company LLC, a commercial development along the western border of the United States and Mexico; Yellowstone
Club Community Foundation; and Aurora Dallas, a public art installation and event that takes place in downtown Dallas. Ms. Shelton
earned her bachelor s degree in political science from San Diego State University, where she currently serves on the Board
of Advisors for its International Business Program, and her master of political philosophy from the University of Houston. Ms.
Shelton s extensive experience within the semiconductor industry and in advising companies with respect to investor relations
qualifies her to serve on our board of directors. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We have seven directors. Our board
of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those
directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Robert Black and Habib Kairouz, will expire at our first
annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of James Hodge, Scott Reed and Jodi Shelton,
will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Elias Farhat
and Baudouin Prot, will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after
we complete our initial business combination. 

19 

Prior to the completion of an initial
business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder
shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, only holders of a majority of our founder shares may
remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered
into at the time of our IPO, our Sponsor, upon completion of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate two individuals
for election to our board of directors, as long as our Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration rights agreement. 

Our officers are appointed by the
board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers
may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including without limitation,
an Executive Chairman of the Board, Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as the board of directors from
time to time may determine. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has two
standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the Nasdaq rules
and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.
Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised
solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee
of our board of directors. James Hodge, Robert Black and Jodi Shelton serve as members of our audit committee, each of whom our board
of directors has determined to be independent under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. James Hodge serves as the chairperson
of our audit committee. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that James Hodge qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention,
 replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting
 firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted
 non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us,
 and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent
 auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees
 or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at
 least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures
 and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm,
 or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting
 one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving any related
 party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering
 into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent
 auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
 with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

The audit committee is a separately
designated standing committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. 

20 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of our board of directors. Jodi Shelton, Robert Black and Habib Kairouz serve as members of our compensation committee, each
of whom our board of directors has determined to be independent under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Jodi Shelton
serves as the chairperson of our compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than the 15,000 per month administrative fee payable to an affiliate of our Sponsor, no compensation of any
kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid by us to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors
or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the completion of a business combination.
Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the completion of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible
for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The compensation committee s
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating
committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules.
In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection
by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility
of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will
participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Robert Black, Habib Kairouz and Jodi Shelton. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a
nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will also
consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to
stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

21 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers
currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has
one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics
applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits
to the registration statement in connection with our IPO. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at
the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us.
We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

In general, officers and directors
of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation
if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Certain of our officers and directors
presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities
that are affiliates of our Sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entity or is subject to other contractual restrictions. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which they have then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
they will honor their fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to
their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. We do not expect, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Below is a table summarizing the
entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management
relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Elias Farhat 

Landsea Homes 
 
 Residential Construction 
 
 Director 

Lakeside Capital Advisors 
 
 Real Estate Investment 
 
 Director 
 
 Baudouin Prot 
 
 Kering S.A. 
 
 Luxury Goods 
 
 Director 

Alstom S.A. 
 
 Transportation Equipment 
 
 Director 

Foncia Group S.A. 
 
 Real Estate Services 
 
 Director 

Finastra 
 
 Financial Technology 
 
 Director 

Boston Consulting Group 
 
 Management Consulting 
 
 Senior Advisor 
 
 Alberto Bianchinotti 
 
 AM Knight Financial Services 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Owner 

Merlin Biomed Private Equity Advisors 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Robert Black 
 
 Wind Point Partners 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Executive Advisory Partner 

Boston Consulting Group 
 
 Management Consulting 
 
 Senior Advisor 

Edgewell Personal Care Company 
 
 Consumer Products 
 
 Director 

RTIC Outdoors, LLC 
 
 Consumer Products 
 
 Chairman 

good2grow 
 
 Consumer Products 
 
 Chairman 

Targeted PetCare Group 
 
 Consumer Products 
 
 Chairman 

22 

James Hodge 
 
 Arrowsmith, LLC 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Chief Investment Officer 

Alpha Japan Asset Advisors Ltd. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Member of Advisory Board 

China Alpha Fund Management Ltd. 
 
 Endowment 
 
 Investment Committee 

China Alpha II Fund Ltd. 
 
 Investment Fund 
 
 Director 

China Alpha Master Fund Ltd. 
 
 Investment Fund 
 
 Director 

Hel Ved Master Fund Hel Ved Feeder Fund Hel Ved US Feeder Fund Hel Ved Global Opportunities Fund Hel Ved Global Opportunities Feeder Fund 
 
 Investment Fund Investment Fund Investment Fund Investment Fund Investment Fund 
 
 Director Director Director Director Director 

WF Asian Reconnaissance Fund Limited 
 
 Investment Fund 
 
 Director 

WF Asian Smaller Companies Fund Limited 
 
 Investment Fund 
 
 Director 
 
 Habib Kairouz 
 
 Rho Capital Partners 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Managing Partner 

Kasisto, Inc. 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

Passport Labs, Inc. 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

Snagajob, Inc. 
 
 Job Marketplace 
 
 Director 

Dashlane Inc. 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

Pawlicy Advisor, Inc. 
 
 Pet Insurance Marketplace 
 
 Director 
 
 Jodi Shelton 
 
 Shelton Group 
 
 Investor Relations 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Nanotronics Imaging, Inc. 
 
 Technology 
 
 Advisor 

Curic Inc. Silvaco Group 
 
 Technology Technology 
 
 Director Director 
 
 Steve Reed 
 
 Stonehollow Capital Partners 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Managing Partner 
 
 Djemi Traboulsi 
 
 Capital E Advisors 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 President 

Potential investors should also
be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which they may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our Sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this prospectus and will purchase private placement warrants in a transaction that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. 

Our initial stockholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Except as described herein, our Sponsor and each of our executive officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30- trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. The private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and director nominees will own common stock or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effect our initial business combination. 

23 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our Sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing
an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors or making
the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is
a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our Sponsor or any of
our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder s fee, consulting fee
or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination.
Further, commencing on the date of this prospectus, we will also reimburse an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space and administrative
support services provided to us in the amount of 15,000 per month. 

We cannot assure you that any of
the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

In the event that we submit our
initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares,
and our Sponsor and each of our executive officers and directors have agreed to vote any shares purchased during or after this offering,
in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of
Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our executive officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware
law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors,
unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law,
authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from
their actions as directors. 

We have entered into agreements
with our executive officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or
employee for any liability arising out of their actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. 

We have purchased a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of
a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Each of our executive
officers and directors has agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and
has agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any
services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are
entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only
be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we complete an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations
may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may
have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our executive officers and directors, even though such an
action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our executive officers and directors pursuant to these
indemnification provisions. 

24 

We believe that these provisions,
the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented
and experienced officers and directors. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class
of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and
other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to
furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely upon our review of the Section 16(a) filings that have been furnished to us and representations by our directors and executive
officers (where applicable), we believe that all filings required to be made under Section 16(a) during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 were timely made. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Other than the monthly payment
of 15,000 to an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative and support, none of our executive
officers or directors has received any cash (or non-cash) compensation for services rendered to us. Our Sponsor, executive officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our independent
directors, review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial
business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount
of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
executive and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by our compensation committee. 

We do not intend to take any action
to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to
remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain
their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe
that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

The Compensation Committee has
reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based upon its review and discussions, the Compensation
Committee recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 23, 2023 based on information obtained from the
persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 17,772,169 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 17,572,169 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii)
200,000 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 23, 2023. Voting power represents the combined voting
power of shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted
upon, the holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Currently,
all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. The table below does not include
the Class A common stock underlying the private placement warrants held or to be held by our officers or Sponsor because these securities
are not exercisable within 60 days of this report. 

25 

Unless otherwise indicated, we
believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all common stock beneficially owned
by them. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Level Field Capital II, LLC (2)(3) 
 6,188,750 
 35.2 
 120,000 
 60.0 
 34.8 
 
 Elias Farhat (3) 
 6,188,750 
 35.2 
 120,000 
 60.0 
 34.8 
 
 Djemi Traboulsi (3) 
 6,188,750 
 35.2 
 120,000 
 60.0 
 34.8 
 
 Baudouin Prot 

Alberto Bianchinotti 

Robert Black 

20,000 

James Hodge 

20,000 

Habib Kairouz 

20,000 

Jodi Shelton 

20,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) 
 6,188,750 
 35.2 
 200,000 
 100.0 
 20.0 

Other 5 Stockholders 

Saba Capital Management (4) 
 2,692,415 
 15.3 

15.1 
 
 Beryl Capital Management (5) 
 1,600,000 
 9.1 

9.0 
 
 Blackrock, Inc. (6) 
 1,687,500 
 9.6 

9.5 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II, 1909 Woodall Rodgers Freeway, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75201. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. 

(3) 
 Level Field Capital II, LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Level Field Partners II, LLC is the managing member of Level Field Capital II, LLC. Level Field Management II, LLC is the managing member of Level Field Partners II, LLC. Level Field Management II, LLC is managed by its two members, Elias Farhat and Djemi Traboulsi. Messrs. Farhat and Traboulsi disclaim beneficial ownership of these shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein. 

(4) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on May 26, 2022 by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Boaz R. Weinstein, who have voting and dispositive power over the 2,692,415 shares of Class A common stock reported. The business address for these reporting persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021 by Beryl Capital Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Beryl Capital
 Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership, Beryl Capital Partners II LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ),
 and David A. Witkin, who each have voting and dispositive power over the 1,600,000 shares of Class A common stock reported (except
 for the Partnership, which only shares voting and dispositive control over 1,401,836 shares of Class A common stock). Each of these
 reporting persons disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported shares, except to the extent of that reporting person s pecuniary
 interest therein. The business address for these reporting persons is 1611 S. Catalina Ave., Suite 309, Redondo Beach, California
 90277. 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on February 2, 2023 by Blackrock, Inc., a Delaware corporation. The business address for this reporting person
 is 55 East 52 Street, New York, NY 10055. 

Immediately after the IPO, our
initial stockholders beneficially owned 20 of the then-issued and outstanding shares of our common stock (assuming they do not purchase
any units in this offering) and had the right to appoint all of our directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome
of all other matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and approval of significant corporate transactions, including approval of our initial business combination. 

26 

Our initial stockholders have agreed
(A) to vote any founder shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares in
connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. 

Our Sponsor and our executive officers
and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Our anchor investor owns 1,125,000
public units. As a result of the founder shares and private placement warrants that our anchor investor may hold, it may have different
interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other public stockholders. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Table 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Founder Shares 

On March 5, 2021, our Sponsor acquired
100 shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 250.00 per share.
On March 15, 2021, we effected a 64,687.5-for-one forward stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock and reclassified
those issued and outstanding shares into shares of Class B common stock. On June 21, 2021, we effected an approximately 1.11-for-one forward
stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock. On October 26, 2021, we effected an approximately one-for-1.11
reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock. At the time of our IPO, the Sponsor held 6,468,750 founder
shares (reflecting an aggregate capital contribution of approximately 0.004 per share). The number of founder shares issued was determined
based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon completion
of the IPO. On November 19, 2021, our Sponsor transferred 20,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors at their original
purchase price. In addition, at the closing of our initial business combination, our anchor investor will be entitled to purchase from
our Sponsor an aggregate of 12.5 of the number of founder shares outstanding upon the final closing of the IPO, at a purchase price of
approximately 0.004 per share. 

Subject
to certain exceptions, our Sponsor and each of our executive officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent
to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30- trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a
liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange
their common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants 

In
connection with the closing of our IPO, our Sponsor, the anchor investor and the underwriter purchased 12,350,000 private placement warrants
at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 12,350,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common
stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units
sold in the IPO, except for (i) certain transfer restrictions with respect to the former described below and (ii) the registration rights
with respect to the former that are described below. In addition, the private placement warrants held by the underwriter will not be exercisable
more than five years from the commencement of sales in the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). 

Subject to certain exceptions,
the private placement warrants (including the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants)
will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

27 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration rights
agreement we entered into with our initial stockholders in connection with the IPO, we may be required to register certain securities
for sale under the Securities Act. These holders, and holders of warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are
entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register certain of our securities held by them for
sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities
Act. In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. However, the
registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective
until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions, as described herein. We will bear the costs and expenses
of filing any such registration statements. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

We agreed to pay an affiliate of
our Sponsor 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, commencing on the date that our
securities were first listed on Nasdaq. Upon consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying
these monthly fees. 

Related Party Notes 

On March 5, 2021, our Sponsor agreed
to loan to us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note. On June 18, 2021, our
Sponsor amended the Note to increase the principal amount to 600,000. The loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of
December 31, 2021 or the completion of the IPO. A total of 425,000 under the Note was borrowed from our Sponsor and repaid in full from
the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering not being placed in the Trust Account on November 19, 2021. 

On April 13, 2022, the Sponsor
issued the 2022 Convertible Note, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 1,500,000. The 2022
Convertible Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the later of (a) February 19, 2023 (or such later date as the Company may extend
the deadline to complete the business combination and (b) the effective date of the business combination. 

At the option of the Sponsor, at
any time on or prior to the maturity date, any amounts outstanding under the 2022 Convertible Note (or any portion thereof) up to 1,500,000
in the aggregate, may be converted into warrants to purchase Class A common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to 1.00
per whole warrant. As of December 31, 2022, there was an amount outstanding of 625,000 under the 2022 Convertible Note. 

On
February 21, 2023, the Company issued the 2023 Note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 2,712,100.56 (the Extension
Funds to our Sponsor, pursuant to which a portion of the Extension Funds may be deposited into the Trust Account for each
share of Class A common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering that was not redeemed in connection with increase
of the redemption price set forth in the Charter Amendment Proposal. On February 21, 2023, the Company drew down 452,016.76 under
the 2023 Note to fund the first extension payment. 

Other than the foregoing, no compensation
of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals
will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses
that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection
with activities on our behalf. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants
would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. We do not expect
to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to
loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business combination,
members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any
and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

28 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of our board
of directors has adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, 
which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee.
At its meetings, the audit committee is provided with the details of each new, existing or proposed related party transaction, including
the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the Company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction
and the benefits of the transaction to the Company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest
in the related party transaction under review by the committee will abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction,
but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related
party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit
the related party transaction. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following is a summary of fees
paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered for the period from June 15, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

Audit Fees . Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services
that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q
for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the for the period from June 15, 2022 through December
31, 2022 totaled 118,150. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related
services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of
our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the for the period from June 15, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay
Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the for the period from June 15, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

All Other Fees . We did not
pay Marcum for other services for the for the period from June 15, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

The following is a summary of fees
paid or to be paid to our former principal accountant, Citrin Cooperman Company, LLP, or Citrin,
for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . The aggregate
fees billed by Citrin for audit fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the period from January 1, 2022 to June 14, 2022 was 76,250
and 40,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees . We did
not pay Citrin any audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2021. The aggregate fees billed by Citrin for audit-related
fees for the period from January 1, 2022 through June 14, 2022 was 6,500. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay
Citrin for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2021 or the period from January 1, 2022 through June
14, 2022. 

All Other Fees . We did not
pay Citrin for other services for the year ended December 31, 2021 or the period from January 1, 2022 through June 14, 2022. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the pricing of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although
any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our
audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit
services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

29 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) We have filed the following documents as part
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 2468 and 688) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations 
 
 F-5 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 to F-24 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this
Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied
at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material
can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or
on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II 

Opinion on the Financial Statement 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of
LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related statement of operations, changes in stockholders 
deficit and cash flows for the period from February 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from
February 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Citrin Cooperman Company, LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 through June 14, 2022. 

New York, New York 

 March 24, 2022 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital
as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to
be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

New York, 

 March 23, 2023 

F- 3 

LF CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 
 
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Income tax receivable 

Total Current Assets 

Prepaid expenses non current 

Deferred tax asset 

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Convertible promissory note related party, at fair value 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 5) 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption, par value, shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding 

Class A Common Stock; par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding (excluding 25,875,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B Common Stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total stockholders deficit 

() 

() 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements 

F- 4 

LF CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 
 
 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period 

from February 19, 

For the Year 
 2021 (Inception) 

Ended 
 Through 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative 

Franchise tax 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note 

Dividend income 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Income (Loss) before benefit from (provision for) income taxes 

Benefit from (Provision for) income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements 

F- 5 

LF CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 
 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 AND FOR THE PERIOD FEBRUARY 19, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance February 19, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Common Stock to initial stockholders 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering Costs allocated to Public Warrants (net of offering costs) 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor (net of offering costs) 

Remeasurement for Class A Common Stock to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Proceeds received in excess of initial fair value of convertible promissory note related party 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 6 

LF CAPITAL
 ACQUISITION CORP. II 
 
 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period 

from February
19, 

For the Year 
 2020 (Inception) 

Ended 
 Through 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Deferred tax asset 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Dividend income 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income tax receivable 

Franchise tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Income earned withdrawn from Trust Account 

Cash deposited to Trust Account 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering 

Proceeds from private placement of warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Payment of offering costs 

Convertible promissory note related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Proceeds received from convertible promissory note in excess of initial fair value 

Deferred underwriting fees 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statement 

F- 7 

LF CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units with each Unit consisting of one share of Class
A Common Stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at per share (each, a
 Public Warrant at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of warrants at a price of per warrant in a private placement Private Placement Warrants to the Company s Sponsor, Level Field Capital II, LLC (the Sponsor ), the
underwriter of the IPO and certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of a strategic investor (the anchor investor ),
generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 4. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional Units upon receiving notice of the underwriter s
election to fully exercise its overallotment option Overallotment Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of .
Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private
Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and the underwriter, generating gross proceeds of . 

Offering costs for the IPO
and the exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option amounted to ,
consisting of of
underwriting fees, of which is
deferred and held in the Trust Account (defined below) and of
other offering costs. As described in Note 5, the of
deferred underwriting fees payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of IPO
(or, following the extension of the period of time to complete the initial business combination up to six times by an additional
period of one month each time for a total of up to 21 months), subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Following the closing of the IPO
and the exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, per Unit) from the net proceeds from
the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants were placed in a trust account Trust Account and have
been invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds
itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7
of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii)
the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

The Company s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a
Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The
Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 
of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust
Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a
Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance the Company will
be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company will provide the holders
of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public
Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business
Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro
rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be 10.20 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest
then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). The warrants will subject to redemption, as further described in Note 6. 

All of the Public Shares contain
a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there
is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments
to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ). In accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codifications ASC 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 Subtopic 10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company
require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares were issued with
other freestanding instruments (i.e., Public Warrants), the initial carrying value of Class A Common Stock classified as temporary equity
was the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20 Debt with Conversion and other Options . The Class A
Common Stock is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option
to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable
that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the
redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of
each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. Although redemptions cannot cause the Company s
net tangible assets to fall below , the Public Shares are redeemable and are classified as such on the balance sheet until the
date on which such a redemption event takes place. 

Redemptions of the Company s
Public Shares may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions, including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to an agreement relating to
the Company s Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed
with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, or such other vote as required
by law or stock exchange rule. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the
Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation,
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements,
or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval
in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares
purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem
their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person
with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 or more of the Class A Common Stock sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Company s Sponsor, officers
and directors (collectively, the Initial Stockholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company does not
complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class
A Common Stock in conjunction with any such amendment. 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 15 months
from the closing of the IPO (unless extended in connection with an Extension Election as described below or as a result of an amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which would require the approval of the holders of at least 65 of all of the
Company s then outstanding common stock) Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes (less
up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. 

On
February 14, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, our Sponsor, the holder
of an aggregate of 6,388,750 shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class B Common Stock ),
elected to convert 6,268,750 shares of the Class B Common Stock held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, as of February
14, 2023, the Company had an aggregate of 32,143,750 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding and 200,000 shares of Class
B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company signed a letter of intent with the Target Company for a potential business combination which, if completed,
would qualify as its initial business combination. The letter of intent is non-binding with respect to all its material terms, except
with respect to provisions regarding a limited period of exclusivity. The Target Company is a US-based manufacturer in the packaging
industry with industry-leading profitability serving diversified end markets and with an established and highly attractive, blue-chip
customer base that are subject to multi-year contracts. 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of its stockholders (the Special Meeting to vote on a proposal to
amend the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter to increase the monthly extension
payment per one-month extension of the deadline to complete the initial business combination to 0.04 per share of the Company s
Class A common stock (the Charter Amendment Proposal ). The Company convened and adjourned the Special Meeting, without
conducting any business and the Company adjourned the meeting until February 17, 2023. On February 17, 2023, the Company reconvened the
Special Meeting at which its stockholders approved the Charter Amendment Proposal. In connection with the vote to approve the Charter
Amendment Proposal, holders of 14,574,581 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares of Class
A common stock at a redemption price of approximately 10.35 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 150,738,777.
As such, approximately 56 of the Class A common stock outstanding with redemption rights was redeemed and approximately 17,572,169 shares
of the Class A common stock remain outstanding. After giving effect to the redemptions, 116,875,493 remains in the Trust Account. 

On
February 21, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note (the 2023 Note in the aggregate principal amount of up
to 2,712,100.56 (the Extension Funds to our Sponsor, pursuant to which a portion of the Extension Funds may
be deposited into the Trust Account for each share of Class A common stock sold in the Company s initial public
offering that was not redeemed in connection with increase of the redemption price set forth in the Charter Amendment
Proposal. On February 21, 2023, the Company drew down 452,016.76 under the 2023 Note to fund the first extension
payment. 

The Initial Stockholders have agreed
to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period. However, if the Initial Stockholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a
Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting fees (see
Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, and,
in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption
of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available
for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only 10.20 per share held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts
held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party
who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims
under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or
other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Risks and
Uncertainties 

In March 2020,
the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus COVID-19 as a pandemic which continues to spread
throughout the United States and the world. As of the date the financial statements were issued, there is considerable uncertainty around
the expected duration of this pandemic. Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the Company has concluded
that, while it is reasonably possible that COVID-19 could have a negative effect on the Company s ability to identify a target company
for a Business Combination, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In February
2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various
nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact
of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements and the specific
impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these
financial statements. 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022, the
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a
new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market
value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any redemption or other
repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject
to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination,
extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases
in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and
amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection
with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and
other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder,
the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available
on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

At this time, it has
been determined that none of the IR Act tax provisions have an impact to the Company s fiscal 2022 tax provision. The Company will
continue to monitor for updates to the Company s business along with guidance issued with respect to the IR Act to determine whether
any adjustments are needed to the Company s tax provision in future periods. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had in its operating bank account, in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination
or to repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith and working capital of . 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern, management has determined that should the Company
be unable to complete a Business Combination, the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution described in Note 1 of the financial
statements that would follow, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company
has 15 months from the closing of the IPO (i.e., February 19, 2023) to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company
will be able to consummate a Business Combination by the specified period. If a Business Combination is not consummated by February 19,
2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. The Company may, but is not obligated to, extend the period of
time to complete a business combination up to six times by an additional period of one month each time (for a total of up to 21 months)
(each such one-month extension of the prescribed time period, an Extension Election ). On February 15, 2023, the Company
held a special meeting of its stockholders (the Special Meeting to vote on a proposal to amend the Company s Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter to increase the monthly extension payment per one-month extension
of the deadline to complete the initial business combination to 
 per share of the Company s Class A common stock (the Charter Amendment Proposal ). The Company convened and
adjourned the Special Meeting, without conducting any business and the Company adjourned the meeting until February 17, 2023. On February
17, 2023, the Company reconvened the Special Meeting at which its stockholders approved the Charter Amendment Proposal. In connection
with the vote to approve the Charter Amendment Proposal, holders of 
 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares of Class A common stock at a redemption price
of approximately 
 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately .
As such, approximately 
of the Class A common stock outstanding with redemption rights was redeemed and approximately 
shares of the Class A common stock remain outstanding. After giving effect to the redemptions, 116,875,493 remains in the Trust
Account.

On
February 21, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note (the 2023 Note in the aggregate principal amount of up
to .56
to our Sponsor (the Extension Funds ), pursuant to which the Extension Funds will be deposited into the Trust
Account for each share of Class A common stock of the Company that was not redeemed in connection with increase of the
redemption price set forth in the Charter Amendment Proposal. On February 21, 2023, the Company drew down .76
under the 2023 Note to fund the first extension payment. 

Also, in connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unable
to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination by February
19 , 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition as well as the
date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

These financial statements do
not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

t have any
cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

, of which and were charged against the carrying value of Class A Common Stock and public
and private warrants, respectively, as of November 19, 2021, based on the relative value of the common shares and public and private Warrants. 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not experienced
losses on these accounts, and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Less 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Class A shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Plus: Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

Public Warrants (see Note 3) and Private
Placement Warrants (see Note 4) to purchase an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock at per
share were issued on November 19, 2021. At December 31, 2022, no Public Warrants or Private Placement Warrants have been exercised.
The shares of Class A Common Stock for which the outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants are exercisable
were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the period ended December 31, 2022 because they are contingently exercisable, and the
contingencies have not yet been met. The calculation does not include the warrants that could be issued as a result of the conversion
option in the convertible promissory note. As a result, diluted net loss per share of common stock is the same as basic net income loss
per share of common stock for the period. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic
and diluted net loss per share for each class of stock. 

Remeasurement for Class A Common Stock to redemption value 

Net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and dilution net income (loss) per share 

per share. 

The Company accounts for stock-based
compensation expense in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 under which
stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date and recognized over the
requisite service period. To the extent a stock-based award is subject to a performance condition, the amount of expense recorded in a
given period, if any, reflects an assessment of the probability of achieving such performance condition, with compensation recognized
once the event is deemed probable to occur. Forfeitures are recognized as incurred. 

. The Company used a Monte
Carlo Model Simulation to arrive at the fair value of the stock compensation. The key assumptions in the option pricing model utilized
are assumptions related to expected separation date of Units, anticipated business combination date, purchase price, share-price volatility,
expected term, exercise date, risk-free interest rate and present value. The expected volatility as of the IPO Closing Date was derived
based upon similar SPAC warrants and technology exchange traded funds which aligns with Company s stated industry target and present
value factor was based on risk-free rate and terms until the exercise date. The Company s Founder Shares sold to independent directors
(see Note 4) were deemed within the scope of ASC 718 and are subject to a performance condition, namely the occurrence of a Business Combination.
Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares transferred is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence,
or more specifically when a Business Combination is consummated. Therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized during
the period from February 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

Units at a price of per
Unit resulting in gross proceeds of and net proceeds of after deduction of offering costs. Each Unit
consists of one Public Share and one-half of one Public Warrant. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class
A Common Stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). 

shares
of the Company s common stock. On March 15, 2021, the Company effectuated a recapitalization of the Company, which included a 64,687. , resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. On June 21, 2021, the Company effectuated a
recapitalization of the Company, which included a , resulting in an aggregate of Founder
Shares outstanding. On October 26, 2021, the Company effectuated a recapitalization of the Company, which included a , resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding (up to of which were subject
to forfeiture if the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised in full). Since the underwriter exercised its over-allotment
option in full, the Sponsor did not forfeit any Founder Shares. The Sponsor subsequently transferred an aggregate of Founder
Shares to the members of the Company s board of directors for the same per-share consideration that it originally paid for such
shares, resulting in the Sponsor holding Founder Shares. 

The Founder Shares will automatically
convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination and are subject to certain
transfer restrictions. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B Common Stock into an equal number of
shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to adjustment, at any time. 

The Initial Stockholders have agreed,
subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year
after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price
of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results
in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement 

On November 19, 2021, simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO and the underwriter s exercise of its over-allotment option, the Company consummated the issuance
and sale of Private Placement Warrants in a Private Placement at a price of per Private Placement Warrant,
generating gross proceeds of . Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock
at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement was added to the proceeds from the IPO being
held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law), and the Private Placement Warrants and all underlying securities will be worthless. 

Convertible Promissory Note Related Party 

On April 13, 2022, the Sponsor
agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 1,500,000 pursuant to a promissory note (the Convertible Note ). The Convertible
Note is non-interest bearing and payable in full on February 19, 2023, unless extended. At the Company s discretion, the Convertible
Note may be converted into warrants of the Company at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. 

On April 13, 2022, June 30, 2022
and August 31, 2022, the Company drew , and , respectively, under the Convertible Note. The fair value of the
 250,000 drawn on April 13, 2022 was estimated by the Company to be at initial measurement. The excess proceeds over
fair value was recognized in additional paid-in capital. The fair value of the 200,000 drawn on June 30, 2022 was estimated to be
 at initial measurement. The excess proceeds over fair value was recognized in additional paid-in capital. The
fair value of the 175,000 drawn on August 31, 2022 was estimated to be at initial measurement. The excess
proceeds over fair value was recognized in additional paid-in capital. The fair value of the Convertible Note was estimated to be 
at December 31, 2022. 

Related Party Loans 

On March 5, 2021, the Sponsor agreed
to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ).
On June 18, 2021, the Sponsor amended the Note to increase the principal amount to . The loan was non-interest bearing and payable
on the earlier of March 31, 2022 or the completion of the IPO. A total of under the Note was borrowed from the Sponsor and
repaid in full from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering not being placed in the Trust Account on November 19, 2021. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ).
If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the
event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing,
the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s
discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity
at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no amounts outstanding under Working Capital Loans. 

Support Services 

Effective November 16, 2021, the
Company entered into an Administrative Support Agreement with an entity affiliated with the Sponsor for office space and administrative
support services at a monthly fee of . Since the consummation of the IPO, the Company has paid, and intends to continue paying
until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, a fee of approximately per
month. The Company recognized 180,000 for the year ending December 31, 2022. For the period from February 19 (inception) through December
31, 2021, a total of was recognized in General and Administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations. As of
December 31, 2021, has been accrued for these services and is included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
in the accompanying balance sheet. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The Company granted the underwriter
a -day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the IPO to purchase up to additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less underwriting fees. On November 19, 2021, the underwriter elected to fully exercise
its over-allotment option, purchasing of such additional Units. 

The underwriter was paid a cash
underwriting discount of per Unit sold in the IPO, including the Units issued in connection with the underwriter s exercise
of its over-allotment option, or in the aggregate at the closing of the IPO. In addition, the underwriter is entitled
to a deferred underwriting fee of per unit, or , from the closing of the IPO and the exercise of the underwriter s
over-allotment option. The deferred underwriting fees will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely if the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

shares of Class A Common Stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were (excluding shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption) shares of Class A Common
Stock issued and outstanding. 

Class B Common Stock The
Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B Common Stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Preferred Stock The
Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. For the period
presented, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Warrants As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Company
has determined that warrants issued in connection with its IPO in November 2021 are subject to treatment as equity. At IPO, the Company
utilized a Monte Carlo simulation model to value the Warrants. Inherent in a Monte Carlo simulation are assumptions related to expected
share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary
shares based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on
the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The
expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical
rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at zero, the fair value of the Public and Private Placement warrants on IPO was 0.52/warrant. 

The Public Warrants will become
exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an
effective and current registration statement covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a
current prospectus relating to such shares of Class A Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering
the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following
the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during
any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant
to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another
exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire
five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per share
of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities). 

The Company will not redeem the
warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A Common Stock is available throughout the
30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if the Company is
unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class
A common stock equals or exceeds 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table set forth in the warrant agreement, subject to certain exceptions; and 

if, and only if, the Reference Value of the Company s Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A Common Stock and equity-linked securities). 

The fair market value 
of the Company s Class A Common Stock for the above purpose means the volume weighted average price of our Class A Common Stock
during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The Company
will provide its warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described
above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A Common
Stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). Any redemption of the warrants for Class A Common Stock will apply to both the Public Warrants
and the Private Placement Warrants. 

No fractional Class A Common Stock
will be issued upon redemption. If, upon redemption, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company
will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the holder. Please see the section entitled
 Description of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants for additional information. 

If the Company calls the Public
Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on
a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. 

The Private Placement Warrants
will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the
shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable
until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

The exercise price and number of
shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of
a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will
not be adjusted for issuances of shares of Class A Common Stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. Additionally, in no
event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such
funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust
Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

In addition, if the Company issues
additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a
Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A Common Stock (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance
to the initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A Common Stock during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20
per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market
Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities. 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income tax benefit 

The net deferred tax assets and liabilities in the
accompanying balance sheets included the following components: 

Net operating losses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Unrealized gain/loss 

Net Deferred tax assets/(liabilities), net of allowance 

As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company had and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, respectively, available to offset future
taxable income, which do not expire. 

In assessing the realization
of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. At the period
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the valuation allowance was 302,274 and 31,642, respectively. 

A reconciliation of the statutory
federal income tax rate (benefit) to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

Nondeductible/nontaxable items 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax provision 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal
jurisdiction. The Company s tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 remain open and subject to examination. The
Company considers New York to be a significant state tax jurisdiction. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs based on the Company s
assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the assets held in the Trust Account were held in U.S. treasury funds. All of the Company s investments held in the Trust Account
are classified as trading securities. 

The following table presents information
about the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and indicates
the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 

Liabilities: 

Convertible promissory note 
 3 

Quoted Prices in 
 Significant Other 
 Significant Other 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Active Markets 
 Observable Inputs 
 Unobservable Inputs 

Level 
 (Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Assets: 

U.S. Treasury Securities 
 1 

The following table presents
the valuation inputs of the convertible promissory note as of December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 

Time to Expiration (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Exercise Price 

Dividend yield 

Stock Price 

Probability of completing an initial Business Combination (1) 

(1) 

The following table presents the changes in the fair value of the Level 3
convertible promissory note as of December 31, 2022: 

Initial measurement of draw on convertible promissory note - related party on June 30, 2022 

Initial measurement of draw on convertible promissory note - related party on August 31, 2022 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

under the Convertible Note. At the option of the Sponsor, at any time on or prior to the maturity date, any amounts outstanding
under the Convertible Note (or any portion thereof) up to in the aggregate, may be converted into warrants to purchase Class
A common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to per whole warrant. As of March 23, 2023, there is an amount
outstanding of under the Convertible Note. 

On
February 14, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, our Sponsor, the holder
of an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share Class B Common Stock ),
elected to convert shares of the Class B Common Stock held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A common stock, par value
 per share Class A Common Stock of the Company Following such conversion, as of February
14, 2023, the Company had an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding and shares of Class
B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company signed a letter of intent with a target company Target Company for a potential business
combination which, if completed, would qualify as its initial business combination. The letter of intent is non-binding with respect to
all its material terms, except with respect to provisions regarding a limited period of exclusivity. The Target Company is a US-based
manufacturer in the packaging industry with industry-leading profitability serving diversified end markets and with an established and
highly attractive, blue-chip customer base that are subject to multi-year contracts. 

On February 15, 2023, the Company
held a special meeting of its stockholders (the Special Meeting to vote on a proposal to amend the Company s Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter to increase the monthly extension payment per one-month extension
of the deadline to complete the initial business combination to 
 per share of the Company s Class A common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering
(the Charter Amendment Proposal extending the time to complete a business combination until August 19, 2023. The Company convened and adjourned the Special Meeting without conducting any business and the Company adjourned
the Special Meeting until February 17, 2023. On February 17, 2023, the Company reconvened the Special Meeting at which its stockholders
approved the Charter Amendment Proposal. In connection with the vote to approve the Charter Amendment Proposal, holders of 
 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares of Class A common stock at a redemption price
of approximately 
 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately .
As such, approximately 
of the Class A common stock outstanding with redemption rights was redeemed
and approximately
 shares of the Class A common stock remain outstanding. After giving effect to the redemptions, 116,875,493
remains in the Trust Account. 

On
February 21, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note (the 2023 Note in the aggregate principal amount of
up to .56
(the Extension Funds to our Sponsor, pursuant to which a portion of the Extension Funds may be deposited into
the Trust Account for each share of Class A common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering that was
not redeemed in connection with increase of the redemption price set forth in the Charter Amendment Proposal. On February 21,
2023, the Company drew down .76
under the 2023 Note to fund the first extension payment. 

On March 13, 2023, Scott
Reed resigned from the board of directors of the Company and from his positions as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
Reed did not resign as a result of any dispute or disagreement with the Company or board of directors on any matters relating to
the Company s operations, policies or practices. Mr. Reed will continue to serve as an advisor to the Company. On March 13,
2023, Elias Farhat, who is also a member of the board of directors, was appointed as the new Chief Executive Officer. 

On March 13, 2023, the Company
announced that Djemi Traboulsi, Senior Vice President and Managing Director of the Company, was appointed to the board of directors,
to serve until the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company and until his successor is elected and qualified. 

On March 20, 2023, the Company
made a deposit of .76 to the Company s trust account (the extension payment for the benefit of the Company s
Class A common stock sold in the initial public offering, and extended the period of time the Company has to consummate an initial business
combination until April 19, 2023. In connection with the extension payment, the Company drew down .76 under the 2023 Note issued
by the Company to the Company s sponsor. 

On March 21, 2023, Djemi Traboulsi
resigned from his position as Senior Vice President and Managing Director. Mr. Traboulsi did not resign as a result of any dispute or
disagreement with the Company or board of directors on any matters relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices.
Mr. Traboulsi will continue to serve as a member of the board of directors of the Company. 

F- 24 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, by and between the Company and Jefferies LLC, as representative of the several underwriters (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (1) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement by and among the Company, each of its executive officers and directors and its Sponsor (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and among the Company, its Sponsor and certain other security holders named therein (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and its Sponsor (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and the underwriter (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 15, 2021, issued to the Sponsor (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amendment to the Promissory Note, dated June 21, 2021 (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and its Sponsor (1) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement between the Company, Level Field Capital II, LLC and the anchor investor (1) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and each of its executive officers and directors (1) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated March 15, 2021, by and between the Company and its Sponsor (2) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 21, 2023, issued to the Sponsor (4) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (2) 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature pages herein) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 22, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2023. 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in The City of Dallas, State of Texas, on the 23rd day of March, 2023. 

LF CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: 
 /s/ Elias Farhat 

Elias Farhat 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Elias Farhat and Alberto
Bianchinotti and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form
10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes
as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them,
or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant on March 23, 2023 and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 

/s/
 Elias Farhat 
 Executive
 Chairman and Director, Chief 
 
 Elias
 Farhat 
 Executive
 Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Alberto Bianchinotti 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Alberto
 Bianchinotti 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Steve Reed 
 Senior
 Vice President and Managing Director 
 
 Steve
 Reed 

/s/
 Baudouin Prot 
 Non-Executive
 Chairman and Director 
 
 Baudouin
 Prot 

/s/
 Djemi Traboulsi 
 Director 
 
 Djemi
 Traboulsi 

/s/
 Robert Black 
 Director 
 
 Robert
 Black 

/s/
 James Hodge 
 Director 
 
 James
 Hodge 

/s/
 Habib Kairouz 
 Director 
 
 Habib
 Kairouz 

/s/
 Jodi Shelton 
 Director 
 
 Jodi
 Shelton 

31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e4460_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Elias Farhat, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Elias Farhat 

Name: 
 Elias Farhat 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e4460_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Alberto Bianchinotti, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Alberto Bianchinotti 

Name: 
 Alberto Bianchinotti 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e4460_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the annual report of LF Capital Acquisition Corp.
II (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Elias Farhat, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 Information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
 March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Elias Farhat 

Name: 
 Elias Farhat 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e4460_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the annual report of LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Alberto Bianchinotti, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 Information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
 March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Alberto Bianchinotti 

Name: 
 Alberto Bianchinotti 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lfac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lfac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lfac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lfac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

