<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1090396_0001437749-23-007994.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5222671</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121958</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>891546</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1488955</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1301702</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1295331</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-007994.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327104718
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-007994
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TABLE TRAC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001090396
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				880365568
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32987
		FILM NUMBER:		23761975

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BAKER TECHNOLOGY PLAZA SOUTH
		STREET 2:		6101 BAKER ROAD ? SUITE 206
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55345
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-548-8877

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BAKER TECHNOLOGY PLAZA SOUTH
		STREET 2:		6101 BAKER ROAD ? SUITE 206
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55345

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-007994.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 tbltrc20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

tbltrc20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 
 Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 
 Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 

Commission File No. 

TABLE TRAC, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which register 
 N/A N/A N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title of Class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was approximately million based on the average bid and asking price of the registrant s common stock on that date 3.70 pe r share). As of March 27 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of co mmon stock, .001 par value per share. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED IN PART BY REFERENCE 
 
 Part III incorporates by reference certain information from the Registrant s definitive proxy statement (the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year ended 
 December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

Table Trac, Inc. 
 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 3 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 3 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 3 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 3 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 3 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 4 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 4 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 4 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 7 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 8 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 8 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 8 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Officers and Corporate Governance 
 8 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 8 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 8 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 8 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 8 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 9 

Signatures 
 10 

Certifications and Exhibits 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Table Trac, Inc. (the Company , Table Trac , "we" or "our") is a Nevada corporation, formed on June 27, 1995, with principal offices in Minnetonka, Minnesota. The Company s corporate website address is www.casinotrac.com. The Company makes available free of charge, on or through the Company s website https://www.casinotrac.com/investors/, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 The Company has developed and patented (U.S. patent # 5,957,776) a proprietary information and management system (called our Table Trac system) that automates and monitors the operations of casino table game operations. In addition to its table games management system, Table Trac has been adding functionality to related casino system modules for guest rewards and loyalty club, marketing analysis, guest service, promotions, administration / management, vault / cage management and audit / accounting tasks. Aggregated together, all of these modules have become the Casino Trac product, a full-featured Casino Management System (CMS) offering what we believe to be a powerful combination of value, efficiency and reliability for casinos seeking to add or upgrade their casino management systems. 
 
 The Company sells and leases systems and technical support to casinos. The open architecture of the Table Trac system is designed to provide operators with a scalable and flexible system that can interconnect and operate with most third-party software or hardware. Key products and services include modules designed to drive player tracking programs and kiosk promotions, as well as vault and cage controls. The Company s systems are designed to meet strict auditing, accounting and regulatory requirements applicable to the gaming industry. The Company has developed a patented, real-time system that automates and monitors the operations of casino gaming tables. The Company continues to increase its market share by expanding its product offerings to include new system features, and ancillary products. 
 
 TABLE TRAC INSTALLATIONS 
 
 Table Trac currently has casino management systems, table games management systems, DataTrac, KioskTrac and ancillary products installed with on-going support and maintenance contrac ts with 100 casino operators in over 270 casinos worldwide in the U.S., Australia, Caribbean, Central and South America . 
 
 AVAILABILITY OF TABLE TRAC 
 
 Table Trac systems are available for purchase from the Company by any legal gambling casino in the U.S. and legal casinos operating outside the USA. Table Trac s systems are purchased, installed and sold with a monthly license and maintenance contract whereby Table Trac performs required maintenance on its systems to assure trouble-free operations. 
 
 MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES 
 
 The Company designs and manufactures its own slot machine gaming machine interface boards using the services of third-party electronics assembly firms. The Company has relationships with a host of third-party electronic and gaming equipment manufacturers that can be readily available for hire, as needed. The Company believes it has an adequate supply of component parts and raw materials used in manufacturing its casino management systems. 

1

Table of Contents 

TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS 
 
 The Company has a registered trademark TABLE TRAC ), which was originally issued on September 7, 2000. 
 
 In August of 2022 and September of 2020, the Company was granted Patents (U.S. patent #11,417,169) on its April 2017 application 16/984755 SYSTEMS AND METHODS OF FACILITATING INTERACTIONS BETWEEN AN ELECTRONIC GAMING MACHINE, GAME PLAYER, AND A CONTROL SYSTEM and (U.S. patent #10,769,885 B2) on its April 2017 application 15/946,227 SYSTEMS AND METHODS OF FACILITATING INTERACTIONS BETWEEN AN ELECTRONIC GAMING MACHINE, GAME PLAYER, AND A CONTROL SYSTEM . 
 
 In June of 2021, the Company was granted a Patent (U.S. patent #11,024,116) on its May 2020 application 16/884731 DYNAMIC AUTOMATED SOCIAL DISTANCING ON ELECTRONIC GAMING MACHINES . In addition, the Company renewed its Trademark claim for Table Trac which was granted July 31, 2018 Reg. No. 5,529,779 and made a new Trademark claim on its CasinoTrac brand which is pending. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 35 full-time equivalents with an employee headcount of 35. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 There is intense competition in the gaming management and gaming products industry which is characterized by dynamic customer demand and rapid technological advances. Today, there are many systems providers in the U.S. and abroad offering casinos and gaming operators total solution casino management and table games management systems. As a result, the Company must continually adapt its approach and its products to meet this demand and match technological advances and, if it cannot do so, the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition may be adversely impacted. 
 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 
 
 The gaming and lottery industries are generally subject to extensive and evolving regulation that customarily includes some form of licensing or regulatory screening of suppliers, manufacturers and distributors and their applicable affiliates, their major shareholders, officers, directors and key employees. In addition, certain of our gaming products and technologies must be certified or approved in certain jurisdictions in which we operate. Regulators review many facets of an applicant or holder of a license, including its financial stability, integrity and business experience. Any failure to receive a license or the loss of a license that we currently hold could have a material adverse effect on us or on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
 
 While we believe that we are in compliance with all material gaming and lottery laws and regulatory requirements applicable to us, we cannot assure that our activities or the activities of our customers will not become the subject of any regulatory or law enforcement proceeding or that any such proceeding would not have a material adverse impact on us or our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
 
 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 The Company signed sixteen new customer contracts in 2022 and expanded the Company s presence in Alabama, California, Oklahoma, Nevada, Texas, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Costa Rica, Panama and Australia. At the end of 2022, the Company had casino management systems, table games management systems and ancillary products installed with on-going support and maintenance co ntracts with 100 casino operators in over 270 casinos worldwide. 
 
 At the Company s annual shareholder meeting in September 2022, the Company s shareholders re-elected Thomas Mertens and William Martinez as its independent board members; along with one of the Company s current officers, Chad Hoehne, Table Trac s, President, Chief Technical Officer and its Chief Executive Officer. The board elected Mr. Hoehne as Chairman of the Board, while Mr. Mertens was elected to serve as chairman of the audit and compensation committees. Mr. Martinez was elected to serve as chairman of the compliance committee. 
 
 During 2022 , the Company participated in several key industry trade shows and conferences, including, the National Indian Gaming Association Trade Show and Conference, the Oklahoma Indian Gaming Association Trade Show and Conference, and Global Gaming Expo (G2E), the industry s premier event. The Company holds licenses for the following states: California, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, Nevada, West Virginia and Wisconsin and pending in Louisiana and Mississippi, which will allow the Company to pursue sales in these territories. 
 
 In February 2020, the Company obtained a 500,000 line of credit with a lender. The Company has renewed this line of credit through February 2024. 

Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to impact the economy and may adversely affect our business. As of the date of this filing, uncertainty exists concerning the duration of the pandemic. The pandemic may shift industry demand for installing and replacing existing casino management systems, impact sales and gross margins in the future, limit our ability to secure products we sell due to supplier and manufacturer shortages, limit the ability of our employees to perform their work due to illness caused by the pandemic and local, state, or federal orders requiring employees to remain at home, limit the ability of carriers to deliver our products to customers, limit the ability of our customers to conduct their business and purchase our products and services, and limit the ability of our customers to pay us on a timely basis. 
 
 While we are unable to predict the nature, scope or duration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources, we will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. 
 
 To ensure that our business can continue to operate during this uncertain time, in February 2021 we applied and were approved for a second Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan through the Small Business Administration. This loan allowed us to continue to employ all existing employees to service our client base. 
 
 In March 2021, the Internal Revenue Service IRS released Notice 2021-20, which retroactively eliminated the restriction that prevented employers who received a PPP loan from qualifying for the Employee Retention Credit ERC ), which is a refundable tax credit against certain employment taxes. Upon determination that the employer has complied with all of the conditions required to receive the credit, a receivable was recorded and the credit reduced salaries and wages expense. The ERC was repealed in the fourth quarter of 2021 and therefore the Company did not receive ERC funds for the fourth quarter of 2021. For the year ending December 31, 2021, approximately 523,000 was recognized as an offset to expenses in the statement of operations for the ERC. 
 
 With respect to liquidity, we are continually evaluating and taking actions to reduce costs and spending across our organization. This includes reducing hiring activities, adjusting pay programs, and limiting discretionary spending. 
 
 While we are unable to predict the nature, scope or duration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources, we will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. 

2

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Risk Factors Relating to Our Business 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to impact the economy and may adversely affect our business. As of the date of this filing, the Health and Human Service Department plans to let the COIVD-19 pandemic emergency to expire on May 11, 2023. The pandemic may shift industry demand for installing and replacing existing casino management systems, impact sales and gross margins in the future, limit our ability to secure products we sell due to supplier and manufacturer shortages, limit the ability of our employees to perform their work due to illness caused by the pandemic and local, state, or federal orders requiring employees to remain at home, limit the ability of carriers to deliver our products to customers, limit the ability of our customers to conduct their business and purchase our products and services, and limit the ability of our customers to pay us on a timely basis. 
 
 While we are unable to predict the nature, scope or duration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources, we will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. 
 
 The Company s business is subject to unpredictable order flows, which might cause its results to fluctuate significantly from period to period . 
 
 Individual system sales can have a long sales cycle, resulting in unpredictable revenue from such sales. Other revenue is derived from expansion opportunities at existing customer facilities and, although existing customers have in the past engaged us to provide expanded services and systems, there is no contractual agreement to provide us with any minimum volume or the ability to expand our services and systems. For these reasons, the Company can experience unpredictable order flows for system expansions. 
 
 Our growth and ability to access capital markets are subject to a number of economic risks. 
 
 Financial markets worldwide can experience disruption, including, among other things, diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations. Financial market conditions affect our business in a number of ways. For example, the tightening of credit in financial markets adversely affects the ability of our customers to obtain financing for purchases and operations and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of lease and sale orders for our products and services. In addition, poor financial market conditions could also affect our ability to raise funds in the capital and lending markets. 
 
 Unfavorable economic, social and political conditions and public health crises may have a negative effect on our business. 
 
 If fewer players visit our customers facilities or, if such players have less disposable income to spend at our customers facilities or if our customers are unable to devote resources to purchasing and leasing our products are forced to close their respective facilities, there could be an adverse effect on our business. Such risks that may affect our customers and suppliers and consumers behavior include, but are not limited to: 

adverse economic and market conditions in gaming markets, including recession, economic slowdown, higher interest rates, higher airfares and higher energy and gasoline prices; 

global geopolitical events such as terrorist attacks and other acts of war or hostility, including the ware in Ukraine; 

global health concerns, including COVID-19; 

natural disasters such as major fires, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes; and 

inability of our customers to operate due to regulatory disputes, or inability to meet their debt obligations. 

We have agreements with casinos in Native American and foreign jurisdictions, which may subject us to sovereign immunity risks. 
 
 We may have a difficult time enforcing our contracts with Central America, South America, the Caribbean and Native American tribes and the casinos they operate. These customers may enjoy significant immunity or impracticality from suit. For instance, in order to sue a Native American tribe (or an agency or instrumentality of a Native American tribe); the Native American tribe must have effectively waived its sovereign immunity with respect to the matter in dispute. While we always seek the waivers of immunity initially, they may not always become a part of our final contracts with Native American tribes. Without a waiver, limited or otherwise, of the tribe s sovereign immunity, our ordinary rights and remedies (such as our right to enter Native American lands to retrieve our property in the event of a breach of contract by the tribal party to that contract, or our right to enforce any outside judgment against such tribal party) will not likely be enforceable. 
 
 Our business may suffer if our products become obsolete or demand for them decreases, including without limitation, as a result of our inability to develop innovative products or respond to technological changes. 
 
 We derive substantially all of our revenues from leasing, licensing, selling and other financing arrangements of products within the gaming industry. Consistent demand for and satisfaction with our products by our customers is critical to our financial condition and future success. Problems, issues, defects or dissatisfaction with our products could cause us to lose customers or revenues from leases with minimal notices. Additionally, our success depends on our ability to keep pace with technological advances in our industry and to adapt and improve our products in response to evolving customer needs and industry trends. If demand for our products weakens due to lack of market acceptance, technological change, increased competition, regulatory changes, or other factors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Any disruption in our manufacturing processes, any significant increase in manufacturing costs or any inability to manufacture our products to meet demand could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 We create our software and many related products ourselves. Should any of these manufacturing processes be disrupted we may be unable to timely remedy such disruption. In such a case, we may be unable to produce a sufficient quantity of our products to meet the demand of our customers. In addition, manufacturing costs may increase significantly and we may not be able to successfully recover these cost increases with increased pricing to our customers. Either case could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 We operate in a very competitive business environment and if we do not adapt our approach and our products to meet this competitive environment, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 
 There is intense competition in the gaming management and gaming products industry which is characterized by dynamic customer demand and rapid technological advances. Today, there are many systems providers in the U.S. and abroad offering casinos and gaming operators total solution casino management and table games management systems. As a result, we must continually adapt our approach and our products to meet this demand and match technological advances and if we cannot do so, our business results of operations or financial condition may be adversely impacted. Conversely, the development of new competitive products or the enhancement of existing competitive products in any market in which we operate could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Several of our competitors are larger, have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, larger marketing budgets and significantly greater resources than we do, and are able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products and services. If we are unable to remain dynamic in the face of changes in the market, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 We are dependent on the success of our customers and their decisions to upgrade or replace their current casino management systems. 
 
 Our success depends on our customers leasing or buying our products to expand their existing operations, replace existing gaming management products or equip a new casino. Any slowdown in the replacement cycle on the part of our customers may negatively impact our operations. 
 
 The opening of new casinos, expansion of existing casinos and replacement of existing gaming management systems in existing casinos fluctuate with demand, economic conditions, regulatory approvals and the availability of financing and have been negatively affected by the recent COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the expansion of gaming into new jurisdictions can be a protracted process, usually requiring a public referendum and/or legislative action before establishing or expanding gaming. Any of these factors could delay, restrict or prohibit the expansion of our business and negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 If our products contain defects, our reputation could be harmed and our operating results and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Some of our products and our anticipated future products are complex and may contain defects that we do not detect. The occurrence of defects or malfunctions in one or more of our products could result in financial losses for our customers and in turn the termination of leases, cancellation of orders, product returns and diversion of our resources, and could additionally result in lost revenues, civil damages and regulatory penalties, as well as possible rescission of product approvals. Any of these occurrences could also result in the loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products and loss of placements. 
 
 We may not be able to attract, retain, or motivate the management or employees necessary to remain competitive in our industry. 
 
 The competition for qualified personnel in the gaming industry is intense. Our future success depends on the retention and continued contributions of our key management, finance, marketing, development, technical and staff personnel, many of whom would be difficult or impossible to replace. Our success is also tied to our ability to recruit additional key personnel in the future. We may not be able to retain our current personnel or recruit any additional key personnel required. The loss of services of any of our personnel or our inability to recruit additional necessary key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Any disruption in our software and related information technology systems due to a cyber incident could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 We rely on our software and related information technology systems to operate our business. We are also exposed to the risk of cyber incidents in the ordinary course of business, to date, we have not experienced a cyber breach or incident. Cyber incidents may be deliberate attacks for the theft of intellectual property or other sensitive information or may be the result of unintentional actions or events. We have information technology security initiatives and recovery plans in place to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities, but these measures may not be adequate, or implemented properly, or executed timely to ensure that our operations are not disrupted. Potential risks associated with a material cyber incident include loss of intellectual property, impairment of our ability to conduct our operations, disruption of our customers operations, damage to our reputation, litigation, and increased cyber security protection and remediation costs. Such consequences could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain and implement effective internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our reported financial information and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We will need to maintain and enhance these processes and controls as we grow, and we may require additional management and staff resources to do so. Additionally, even if we conclude our internal controls are effective for a given period, we may in the future identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal controls, in which case our management will be unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 
 If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial disclosures, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. Any failure of our internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our reported operating results and harm our reputation. Internal control deficiencies could also result in a restatement of our financial results. 
 
 Risk Factors Relating to Intellectual Property 
 
 We are dependent on our intellectual property and we may be unable to protect our intellectual property from infringement, or misappropriation. 
 
 The gaming industry and the software industry are in general characterized by the use of various forms of intellectual property. We are dependent upon patented technologies, trademarked brands and proprietary information for our business. We endeavor to protect our intellectual property rights and our products through a combination of patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. We cannot, however, be certain that any trademark, copyright, issued patent or other types of intellectual property will provide competitive advantages for us. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights or products will be successful. 
 
 Our existing patents may be found invalid or unenforceable and any current or future patent applications may not be approved. 
 
 We have patents and we utilize patent protection in the United States relating to certain processes and products. We cannot assure you that all of our existing patents would be found valid or enforceable or will continue to be valid or enforceable, or that any pending patent applications will be approved. Our competitors may in the future challenge the validity or enforceability of certain of our patents. The patents we own could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others and may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Competitors may infringe our patents and we may not have adequate resources or there may be other reasons we do not enforce our patents. Our patents may not adequately cover a competitor s products in such a way as to provide us with a competitive advantage. Furthermore, the future interpretation by courts of United States laws regarding the validity of patents could negatively affect the validity or enforceability of our current or future patents. 
 
 Our efforts to protect our unpatented proprietary technology may not be successful. 
 
 We rely on unpatented proprietary technology. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar technology or otherwise obtain access to our unpatented technology. To protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information, we require employees, consultants, advisors and other collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements. We cannot assure you that these agreements are fully enforceable or will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. Furthermore, we may not have adequate resources to enforce these agreements in a meaningful way. If we are unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies or enforce the agreements, we use to protect those technologies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may not be able to establish or maintain our trademarks. 
 
 We rely on our trademarks, trade names, trade dress, copyrights and brand names to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors. We have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. Our trademarks may not remain valid or enforceable. We may not be able to build and maintain goodwill in our trademarks or other intellectual property. Third parties may oppose our trademark applications or challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote resources towards advertising and marketing new brands. Further, our competitors may infringe our trademarks or other intellectual property and we may not have adequate resources or there may be other reasons we do not enforce our trademarks or other types of intellectual property. 
 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our foreign intellectual property rights. 
 
 Because of the differences in foreign patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright and other laws concerning proprietary rights, our intellectual property frequently does not receive the same degree of protection in foreign countries as it would in the United States. Our failure to possess, obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The intellectual property rights of others may limit our ability to make and sell our products. 
 
 The gaming industry is characterized by the rapid development of new technology which requires us to continuously introduce new products using these technologies and innovations, as well as to expand into new markets that may be created. Therefore, our success depends in part on our ability to continually adapt our products and systems to incorporate new technologies and to expand into markets that may be created by new technologies. However, to the extent technologies are protected by the intellectual property rights of others, including our competitors, we may be prevented from introducing products based on these technologies or expanding into markets created by these technologies. If the intellectual property rights of others prevent us from taking advantage of innovative technologies, our financial condition, operating results or prospects may be harmed. 
 
 We have many competitors in both the United States and foreign countries, some of which have substantially greater resources and have made substantial investments in competing technologies. Some competitors have applied for and obtained and may in the future apply for and obtain, patents that may prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make and sell our products. Any royalty, licensing or settlement agreements, if required, may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 
 Significant litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in our industry. 
 
 There is a significant amount of litigation that occurs in the gaming and technology industry. A successful challenge to or invalidation of one of our patents or trademarks, a successful claim of infringement by a third party against us, our products, or one of our licensees in connection with the use of our technology, or an unsuccessful claim of infringement made by us against a third party or its products, could adversely affect our business or cause us financial harm. Any such litigation whether with or without merit could: 

be expensive and time consuming to defend; 

cause one or more of our patents to be ruled or rendered unenforceable or invalid; 

cause us to cease making, licensing or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 

require us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products; 

divert management s attention and resources; 

require us to pay significant amounts in damages; 

require us to enter into royalty, licensing or settlement agreements in order to obtain the right to use a necessary product, process or component; 

limit our ability to bring new products to the market in the future; or 

cause us, by way of injunction to remove products on lease and/or stop selling or leasing new products. 

Risks Factors Relating to Regulation 
 
 The gaming industry is highly regulated and we must adhere to various regulations and maintain applicable licenses to continue our operations. Failure to abide by regulations or maintain applicable licenses could be disruptive to our business and could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 We and our products are subject to extensive regulation under federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we do business and our products are used. Violations of laws in one jurisdiction could result in disciplinary action in other jurisdictions. Licenses, approvals or findings of suitability may be revoked, suspended or conditioned. In sum, we may not be able to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits or approvals. The licensing process may result in delays or adversely affect our operations and our ability to maintain key personnel, and our efforts to comply with any new licensing regulations will increase our costs. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain licenses in new jurisdictions where our customers operate. 
 
 We will become subject to regulation in any jurisdiction where our customers operate in the future. To expand into any such jurisdiction, we may need to be licensed, or obtain approvals of our products or services. If we do not receive, or receive a license, or our license is revoked in a particular jurisdiction for our products, we would not be able to sell or place our products in that jurisdiction. Any such outcome could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and any growth plans for our business. 
 
 Legislative and regulatory changes could negatively affect our business and the business of our customers. 
 
 Legislative and regulatory changes may affect demand for or place limitations on the placement of our products. Such changes could affect us in a variety of ways. Legislation or regulation may introduce limitations on our products or opportunities for the use of our products and could foster competitive products or solutions at our or our customers expense. Our business will likely also suffer if our products became obsolete due to changes in laws or the regulatory framework. 
 
 Legislative or regulatory changes negatively impacting the gaming industry as a whole or our customers in particular could also decrease the demand for our products. Opposition to gaming could result in restrictions or even prohibitions of gaming operations in any jurisdiction or could result in increased taxes on gaming revenues. Tax matters, including changes in state, federal or other tax legislation or assessments by tax authorities could have a negative impact on our business. A reduction in growth of the gaming industry or in the number of gaming jurisdictions or delays in the opening of new or expanded casinos could reduce demand for our products. Changes in current or future laws or regulations or future judicial intervention in any particular jurisdiction may have a material adverse effect on our existing and proposed foreign and domestic operations. Any such adverse change in the legislative or regulatory environment could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Risk Factors Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 The limited liquidity for our common stock could affect your ability to sell your shares at a satisfactory price. 
 
 Trading of our common stock is conducted on the over-the-counter markets specifically on the OTCQX, the top-tier quotation marketplace administered by OTC Markets. Our common stock is relatively illiquid. A more active public market for our common stock may not develop, which could adversely affect the trading price and liquidity of our common stock. Moreover, a thin trading market for our stock could cause the market price for our common stock to fluctuate significantly more than the stock market as a whole. This may result in lower prices for our common stock than might otherwise be obtained and could also result in a larger spread between the bid and asked prices for our common stock. 
 
 There is currently little trading volume in our common stock, which may make it difficult to sell shares of our common stock. 
 
 In general, there has been very little trading activity in our common stock. The relatively low trading volume will likely make it difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares as and when they choose. Furthermore, low trading volumes generally depress market prices. As a result, you may not always be able to resell shares of our common stock publicly at or near their original purchase price or at any price. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 
 The Company has a lease on corporate office space in Minnetonka, Minnesota which expires on June 30, 2025, and includes over 4,400 square feet of office and warehouse space. The monthly rent payment is approxi mately 4,200 with periodic escalators to approximately 4,340 per month, excluding operating expenses. 
 
 Additionally, the Company has a lease on additional office space in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma which expires on August 31, 2025. The monthly rent payment is approximately 1,200 excluding operating expenses. 
 
 The Company believes these spaces are adequate for its current business needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

3

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information: The Company s common stock is quoted for trading on the OTCQX over-the-counter quotation service under the symbol TBTC. The OTCQX is a top-tier quotation marketplace administered by OTC Markets. Any quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown, or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 
 
 Holders: As of Ma rch 27, 2023 , th e Company had outsta ndi ng 4,621,988 sh ares of common stock held by approxim ately 386 holders of record. 
 
 Dividends: A 0.02 dividend was declared and paid in 2022 . No dividends were declared or paid in 2021 . The Company may continue to pay dividends in the future. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this filing. 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Some of the statements made in this report are forward-looking statements, as that term is defined under Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements describe future expectations, plans, results or strategies and can often be identified by the use of terminology such as may, will, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this report are primarily located in the material set forth under the headings Description of Business, Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, but are found in other parts of this report as well. These statements are based upon management s current expectations, assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of timing, future results or performance. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other important factors, including those described in this report under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors as well as in our other SEC filings. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except for our ongoing obligations under the U.S. federal securities laws, we undertake no and expressly disclaim any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

4

Table of Contents 

Industry data and other statistical information used in this report are based on independent publications, government publications, reports by market research firms or other published independent sources. Some data are also based on our good faith estimates, derived from our review of internal surveys and the independent sources listed above. Although we believe these sources are reliable, we have not independently verified the information. 
 
 Due to the length of the pandemic caused by the coronavirus in the U.S. and globally, our customers have been and may continue to be impacted. The impact of the coronavirus on our future results could be significant and will largely depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus, the success of actions taken to contain or treat the coronavirus, and reactions by consumers, companies, governmental entities and capital markets. It is possible we will have collection issues or customer concessions as a result. 
 
 BACKLOG 
 
 The Company s backlog generally consists of incomplete system installations and expansion of offerings for currently installed and supported systems. 
 
 The Comp any had six projects in i ts backlog as of December 31, 2022 . The Company had five projects in its bac klog at December 31, 2021 . As of the filing date of this report, the Comp any has not signed any new contracts with cust omers in 2023. 
 
 The Company is currently serving gaming establishments in sixteen states in the U.S., as well as countries in Central and South America, the Caribbean and Australia. The Company aims to pursue further opportunities and strategic partnerships. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Management believes that the Company has adequate cash to meet its obligations and continue operations for both existing customer contracts and ongoing product development for at least the next twelve months from the date of this filing. The Company s primary sources of liquidity are cash, receivables, and future cash generated from operations. 
 
 In February 2020, the Company obtained a 500,000 line of credit with a lender. As of December 31, 2022, no amount was outstanding. The line of credit expires on February 1, 2024. In February 2021, we applied and were approved for a second draw in the amount of 473,400 of the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan through the Small Business Administration. This loan allowed us to continue to employ all existing employees to service our client base. The Company's PPP loan was forgiven by the SBA in the amount of 473,400 in October 2021. Management is not aware of any trends or any known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in the registrant s liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. 
 
 The Company s cash position at December 31, 2022 was 4,786,923, a decrease of 158,990 from 4,945,913 at December 31, 2021. Net cash flows used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 63,878 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 2,797,644 for the same period in 2021. This decrease of 2,861,522 was primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable and a decrease in tax liabilities. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 0 during the year ended December 31, 2022 , compared to 57,000 for the same period in 2021 . This decrease of 57,000 was due purchase of an investment in 2021 and no such expenditures during 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, based on ceased operating activity of the investee, the Company determined the investment was impaired and recorded an investment loss of 57,000. 
 
 For the year ending December 31, 2022 net cash used in financing activities was 95,112, which was the payment of dividends. For the year ended December 31, 2021 net cash provided was 473,400 from the funds received from a PPP loan. 
 
 On December 31, 2022 , total stockholders equity was 8,275,692 compared to 6,527,358 in 2021 , an increase of 1,748,334 or 26.8 , which was primarily due to 2022 net income. 
 
 The Company did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, YEAR ENDED December 31, 2022 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED December 31, 2021 
 
 The most significant events that affected the 2022 results of operations were the Compan y s installation of seventeen casino management systems, expa nded one existing customer and our exclusive supplier installed our system in multiple new locations in Australia. 
 
 Revenue 
 
 See Note 1: Revenue, disaggregated revenues by major product line table 

5

Table of Contents 

Total revenues increased 4,089,904 , a 58.7 increase, due to an increase in the number and size of site installations in 2022 compared to 2021. System sales increased 3,170,894 , a 103 increase, due to an increase in the number and size of site installations in 2022 compared to 2021 . Maintenance revenue increased 386,641 , a 12 increase, due to the increase in in our customer base from 2021 to 2022. Service and other revenue, which includes DataTrac, promotional kiosk software sales and licensing agreements increased 516,140 , or 92 as a result of an increase in DataTrac services and promotional kiosk products being sold. 
 
 During 2022, the Company delivered a total of seventeen systems and expanded one system in the United States. Our exclusive supplier installed our system in multiple new locations in Australia. During 2021, the Company delivered 10 systems. 
 
 Cost of Sales and Gross Profit 
 
 Cost of sales increased 116 to 4,106,303 in 2022 from 1,895,733 in 2021 . The increase of 2,210,570 was primarily due to an increase in volume and size of installations during 2022 . The following table summarizes our cost of sales: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

(percent of revenues) 

(percent of revenues) 

System 

2,756,651 

722,153 

24.9 

10.4 

Maintenance 

686,337 

654,912 

6.2 

9.4 

Lease 

46,533 

167,770 

0.4 

2.4 

Service and other 

616,782 

350,898 

5.6 

5.0 

Total cost of sales 

4,106,303 

1,895,733 

37.1 

27.2 

Gross profit 

6,950,284 

5,070,950 

62.9 

72.8 

The gross profit in 2022 was 6,950,284 or 63 of sales compared with 5,070,950 or 73 of sales in 2021. This increase of gross profit is a result of an increase in both volume and size of installations d uring 2022. This decrease is primarily a result of the Company recognizing all incurred costs for the two installed systems for which revenue recognition collectability criterion was not met. All related cost of sales is recognized immediately in accordance with ASC 606. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 38 to 4,930,333 in 2022 from 3,562,003 in 2021 . This increase of 1,368,330 was primarily due to an increase in the Company's sales and marketing efforts, an increase in sales commissions and bonus expense, an increase in gross wages and additional expenses related to a separation agreement. 
 
 Other Income 
 
 Other income was comprised primarily of a sales tax rebate totaling 7,525 and the PPP loan forgiveness income totaling 473,400 in 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Interest income increased to 145,891 in 2022, compared to 83,304 in 2021, primarily due to the increase of interest income from our investments in money market instruments. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 
 The income tax expense was 552,000 in 2022 , for an effective rate of 25.4 , compared to income tax benefit of 298,000 for an effective rate of 14.8 in 2021 . The change in the effective rate is primarily due to changes in non-taxable income and non-deductible expenses and generation/utilization of tax credits. 
 
 Net Income 
 
 The net income for 2022 was 1,624,453 compared to net income of 1,710,651 for 2021, which is a decrease of 21,302. 
 
 The basic and diluted earnings per share in 2022 were 0.36 and 0.35 , respectively, compared to basic and diluted earnings per share of 0.38 and 0.37 in 2021 , respectively. 

6

Table of Contents 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The Company s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon its financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates these estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, bad debts, inventory valuation, intangible assets, and income taxes. The Company bases these estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The estimates and judgments that the Company believes have the most effect on its reported financial position and results of operations are as follows: 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company derives revenues from the sales of systems, licenses and maintenance fees, hardware leasing and services. 
 
 System Sales 
 
 Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. We enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected, when applicable from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 
 
 A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is a unit of account in ASC 606. A majority of the Company s systems sales have multiple performance obligations including an obligation to deliver a casino management system and another to provide maintenance services. For system sales with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates revenue to each performance obligation based on its Standalone Selling Price ("SSP"). See discussion within the significant judgement paragraph regarding our determination of SSP. At contract inception, management assesses whether it is probable that the company will collect substantially all of the consideration to determine whether the contract meets the criterion for collectability. The revenue allocated to the casino management system is recognized upon installation. The Company occasionally enters into contracts that include multiple sites; management has determined that each site installation is a separate performance obligation. In these instances, the Company recognizes revenue upon completion of each performance obligation. In addition, the Company has a contract with a reseller who purchases and resells the Company s products; monthly the reseller notifies the Company of their successful installations and submits an invoice to the Company for those installations. The Company also analyzes its standard business practice of using long-term contracts and the history of collecting on extended payment term contracts which include a significant financing component which is usually a market interest rate. The associated interest income is reflected accordingly on the statement of operations. 
 
 Management s assessment of collectability at both contract inception and on an ongoing basis resulted in the determination that some of our contracts did not meet the criterion for collectability. The balance of these contracts are not included as part of accounts receivable on the balance sheet. Accordingly, for these contracts whereby the collectability criterion has not been met, revenue will be recognized as payments are received. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company assessed two systems installed during 2022 totaling 2,829,200, and determined that both did not meet the revenue recognition collectability criterion. Management considered the following facts and circumstances in its determination: these installations are subject to different regulators than our current customer base; Payments have not been received for items invoiced; one customer has a large debtor in a senior position to Table Trac. Both contracts will continue to be recognized on a cash basis subject to ongoing collectability assessment. A change in the collectability assessment in a future period may allow the Company to recognize revenue prior to collecting cash. 
 
 Maintenance Revenue 
 
 Maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the contract period. The SSP for maintenance is based upon the renewal rate for contracted services. 
 
 Lease Revenue 
 
 The Company derives a portion of its revenue from a sales type leasing arrangement in accordance with ASC 842 . The Company leases hardware to a customer, and receives monthly payments. 
 
 Service Revenue and Other Revenue 
 
 Service revenue is recognized upon completion of the services and are billed in arrears. The SSP for service revenue is established based upon actual selling prices for the services or prior similar arrangements. 
 
 Other revenue includes DataTrac, kiosks and related promotional programs and miscellaneous sales of equipment. Revenue is recognized upon completion of services or delivery of equipment and is billed in arrears. 
 
 The Company offers qualified customers a licensing agreement. Licensing revenue is recognized after the intellectual property (CMS system), the performance obligation, is delivered and in its operational and functional state. The stand-alone selling price for licensing revenue is established based upon actual selling prices for the license. 
 
 See also Note 1. 
 
 Accounts Receivable / Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 Accounts receivable are initially recorded at the invoiced amount and carried on the balance sheet at net realizable value as of each balance sheet date. The company offers customers extended payment terms for periods of 6 to 72 months and as amounts under these long-term accounts receivable become due within one year, they are reclassified to the current portion of accounts receivable. For receivables related to contracts that contain an interest rate, interest is recorded upon receipt to interest income on the statements of operations. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded when the Company believes the amounts may not be collected. Management believes that receivables, net of the allowance for doubtful accounts, are fully collectible. Accounts receivable are written off when management determines collection is no longer likely. While the ultimate result may differ, management believes that any write-off not allowed for will not have a material impact on the Company s financial position. 
 
 Inventory 
 
 Inventory, consisting of finished goods, is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The average cost method (which approximates first in, first out method) is used to value inventory. Inventory is reviewed annually for the lower of cost or net realizable value and obsolescence. Any material cost found to be above market value or considered obsolete is written down accordingly. The Compa ny had 2,273 and 36,353 of obsolescence reserves at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income taxes are provided for using the liability method of accounting. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effect of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 
 
 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 A description of recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements, if any, is contained in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Not applicable. 

7

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Table Trac, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Table Trac, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 

The financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services. The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may contain multiple performance obligations including hardware, software, lease, installation services, training, and maintenance. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in determining revenue recognition specific to these contracts with multiple performance obligations, and includes the following: 
 
 Assessing collectability of contracts with customers. 
 
 Determination of whether hardware, software, lease, installation services, training, and maintenance are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting. 
 
 Determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation, particularly for performance obligations not sold separately. 

Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to revenue recognition included the following, among others: 
 
 We evaluated the Company s accounting policies and related disclosures for compliance with applicable revenue recognition accounting guidance. 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the design and implementation of internal controls related to the Company s revenue recognition process, including the assessment of collectability, identification of performance obligations and allocation of transaction price. 
 
 We selected a sample of transactions and performed the following procedures: 
 
 o Tested the existence and accuracy of the transaction by obtaining and agreeing terms to the underlying source documents. 
 
 o Evaluated management s identification of distinct performance obligations and management s determination of the standalone selling prices. 
 
 o We tested management s assessment of collectability by obtaining an understanding of the facts and circumstances considered, and judgments applied. 
 o We tested significant cash receipts to verify the corresponding revenue. 
 
 o Evaluated whether the transaction was accounted for in accordance with the Company s revenue and related costs policies. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

March 27, 2023 
 
 PCAOB ID: 

F-1

Table of Contents 

TABLE TRAC, INC. 
 
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 ASSETS 
 CURRENT ASSETS 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 62,000 and 61,376 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Inventory, net 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Net investment in sales type leases - current 
 Income tax receivable 
 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 
 
 LONG-TERM ASSETS 
 Accounts receivable - long-term 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Net investment in sales type leases - long term 
 Deferred tax asset 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 TOTAL LONG-TERM ASSETS 
 TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Payroll liabilities 
 Customer deposits 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Accrued income taxes 
 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
 LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Deferred tax liability 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common stock, 0.001 par value; 25,000,000 shares authorized: 4,756,734 and 4,656,734 shares issued; and 4,621,988 and 4,521,988 shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 
 Treasury stock, 134,746 shares (at cost) at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-2

Table of Contents 

TABLE TRAC, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Income from operations 

Investment loss 

() 

Other income 

Interest income 

Income before taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Net income per share - basic 

Net income per share - diluted 

Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted-average shares outstanding - diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-3

Table of Contents 

TABLE TRAC, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock Outstanding 

Additional 

Number of 

Par 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Treasury 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

Stock 

Total 

BALANCE, December 31, 2020 

() 

Stock compensation expense 

0 

Stock issued to employees from treasury 

() 

2021 Net income 

0 

BALANCE, December 31, 2021 

() 

Stock compensation expense 

Cash Dividend 

0 

() 

() 

2022 Net income 

0 

BALANCE, December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4

Table of Contents 

TABLE TRAC, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Stock compensation expense 

Bad debt expense 

Loss on Investment 

Inventory obsolescence reserve 

Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan forgiveness income 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

Net investment in sales type leases 

() 

() 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 

Payroll liabilities 

() 

() 

Customer deposits 

() 

Income tax receivable (accrued income taxes) 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of investment 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program loan 

Payment of dividends 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Beginning of year 

End of year 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Treasury stock cost related to compensation 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Operating cash outflow for operating leases 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

TABLE TRAC INC. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

All Others 
 Total 

A major customer is defined as any customer that represents at least 10 of revenue or outstanding account receivable for a given period. 

The following table summarizes disaggregated revenues by major product line for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively: 

Maintenance revenue 
 Lease revenue 
 Service and other revenue 
 Total revenues 

System, sales-type lease, and certain other revenue is recorded at a point in time. Maintenance and service revenue is recorded over time. 
 
 Significant Judgments 
 
 Contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. 
 
 Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation, including lease and non-lease components. We use a single amount to estimate SSP when we sell a product or service separately. 
 
 In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. In these instances, we perform a gross margin analysis using information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the SSP. 
 
 We recognize a contract asset when our performance under a contract precedes our receipt of consideration from a customer, or before payment is due, and our receipt of consideration is conditional upon factors other than the passage of time. A contract asset is recognized when we have an unconditional right to payment for our perf ormance. Our contract asset consists of our in-process installations, for which we have an enforceable right to collect consideration (including a reasonable profit) in the event the services are cancelled by customers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we recorded a contract asset of approximately and , respectively as a component of accounts receivable. 
 
 The collectability assessment requires the company to use judgement and consider all relevant facts and circumstances. Management exercises judgment in its assessment of collectability of customer funds by considering payment history, current credit status, and available information about the financial condition of the customer, among other factors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , approximatel y and for systems installed under contract have not been recorded as revenue or included in accounts receivable based on the collectability assessment performed by the Company. In accordance with this assessment, the contracts will be assessed in subsequent quarters at which time they may be deemed collectable and the outstanding remaining system revenue will be recognized accordingly. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, based on management's ongoing collectability assessment, one contract, installed in 2020, which previously did not meet the collectability criterion was subsequently deemed collectible and approximately of revenue was recognized. Additionally, two completed installations did not meet the collectability criterion and therefore revenue for these contracts were recognized on the cash basis. 
 
 The collectability assessment requires the company to use judgement and consider all relevant facts and circumstances. 
 
 We evaluate the interest rates in customer contracts with extended payment terms, representing a significant financing component. These rates range from approximately to and we believe those to be appropriate market interest rates for the financing component. 
 
 Geographic Concentrations 
 
 The Company sells its technologies and services to casinos in the United States, Australia, Japan, the Caribbean and countries in both Central and South America. For 2022 and 2021 , and of the Company s revenues were from the United States and and from Australia, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and of the Company s accounts receivable were from the United States, and from Australia, and and from Central America, respectively. 

was recognized as an offset to expenses in the statement of operations for the ERC. Approximately had not been received and was included in accounts receivable at December 31, 2021. This amount was received during 2022. 
 and of obsolescence reserve at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The total inventory value was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, which included work-in-process of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and the remaining amount is comprised of finished goods. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had and of prepaid inventory as a component of prepaid expenses, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the statements of operations. 

Less allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Accounts receivable current - net 
 
 Accounts receivable - long-term 

The allowance for accounts receivable represents management s best estimate of probable losses in our receivables as of the date of the financial statements. The allowance provides for probable losses that have been identified with specific customer relationships and for probable losses believed to be inherent in receivables, but that have not been specifically identified. 
 
 A roll-forward of the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts for the years ended is as follows: 

Provision adjustment 
 Write-off 
 Accounts receivable allowance, end of year 

. 
 
 At inception, the Company recorded a total in "Net investment in sales type leases" and derecognized from Inventory" on its balance sheet. The Company recognized in profit from sales type leases in its statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, as a result of the transaction. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recognized and , respectively, of interest income in the Company's statements of operations. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a five year lease with a customer for hardware which had an implied interest rate of . 
 
 At inception, the Company recorded a total in "Net investment in sales type leases" and derecognized from Inventory" on its balance sheet. The Company recognized in profit from sales type leases in its statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the transaction. 
 
 The future minimum lease payments receivable for sales type leases are as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Total undiscounted cash flows 
 Present value discount 
 Net investment in lease as of December 31, 2022 

The current portion of is included in Current Assets on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 , and the long term portion of is included in Long-Term Assets on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 . The lease contains a purchase option at the conclusion of the lease, which the Company has determined does not meet the probability criterion. The Company has not recorded an unguaranteed residual asset. 

Vehicles 
 Total 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

and expires on February 1, 2023, which was subsequently extended through February 1, 2024. The line of credit is collateralized by all receivables, inventory, equipment, and general intangibles of the Company. The Company had borrowings under the credit line during the year ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest on outstanding borrowings is payable monthly and charged at the Prime Rate, subject to a floor of , at December 31, 2022. 
 
 On February 8, 2021, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with Alerus Financial, N.A. (the Promissory Note ), which provided an unsecured loan of pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and applicable regulations (the CARES Act ). Forgiveness of the Promissory Note will be determined in accordance with the provisions of the CARES Act and applicable regulations. The Company used the entire loan amount for designated qualifying expenses and applied for forgiveness of the loan in accordance with the terms of the PPP on September 28, 2021. Notice of PPP forgiveness payment was received on October 22, 2021, and accordingly, the Company recognized forgiveness income of as other income on the statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Maturities of our lease liabilities for all operating leases are as follows as of December 31, 2022 : 

2024 
 2025 
 Total Lease Payments 
 Less: Interest 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

The weighted average remaining lease terms equa ls year s as of December 31, 2022 and the weighted average discount rate was as of December 31, 2022. 

common stock shares in treasury at a total cost of , for future employee and professional service provider s issuances under the bonus program which was part of both 2018 and 2014 repurchase of shares. 

Stock Based Compensation 
 
 On January 8, 2018, the Board of Directors of Table Trac, Inc. appointed Randy Gilbert as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and awarded him Restricted Stock shares. These shares are subject to a four year vesting schedule as follows: shares in year one and shares in each subsequent year. Grant date fair value of were recognized over the vesting period as stock compensation expense as a component of selling, general and administration expense. 
 
 Additionally, on March 8, 2021, the Company awarded Restricted Stock shares to employees out of treasury stock. These shares are subject to a two year vesting period. Grant date fair value of will be recognized over the vesting period as stock compensation expense as a component of selling, general and administrative expense. 
 
 On May 14, 2021, the Board of Directors of Table Trac, Inc. approved the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). The Plan provides for the issuance of incentive and other equity-based awards to its employees. Options issued under the Plan are exercisable for periods not to exceed ten years, and vest and contain such other terms and conditions as specified in the applicable award document. Options to buy common stock are issued under the Plan, with exercise prices equal to the closing price of shares of the Company s common stock on the OTCQX Exchange at closing on the trading day of the date of award. The Company had shares initially available for grant. 
 
 On May 14, 2021, the Board of Directors of Table Trac, Inc. awarded stock options as follows: to Chad Hoehne; to Robert Siqveland and to Randy Gilbert. These shares are subject to a vesting schedule as follows: immediately and in each subsequent year. Grant date fair value of will be recognized over the vesting period as stock compensation expense as a component of selling, general and administration expense. 
 
 On December 17, 2021, management of Table Trac, Inc. awarded options to be distributed to most of its current employees. These options vested immediately. Grant date fair value of was recognized during 2021 as stock compensation expense as a component of selling, general and administration expense. 
 
 On March 25, 2022, the Board of Directors of Table Trac, Inc. awarded Randy Gilbert Restricted Stock shares and Robert Siqveland Restricted Stock shares. These shares are subject to a five -year vesting schedule as follows: shares vest annually beginning on March 25, 2023. Grant date fair value of will be recognized ratably over the vesting period as stock compensation expense as a component of selling, general and administration expense. 
 
 On December 15, 2022, Robert Siqveland agreed to and accepted a separation agreement from the Company. Included in this agreement were terms which immediately vested the remaining unvested Restricted Stock shares from the March 25, 2022 grant and the unvested stock options to purchase shares that were awarded to him on May 14, 2021. In addition, this agreement modified the exercise period of the stock options which now expire on March 31, 2024. This was determined to be a modification under ASC and the incremental compensation costs of and , respectively, for the restricted stock and options were recognized immediately in 2022 as a component of SG A. Lastly, Mr. Siqveland will receive twelve months of severance in two payments. on April 15, 2023 and 33,500 on January 15, 2024. An accrual for these payments including the employer's payroll taxes totaling was recorded and as a component of SG A as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 On December 16, 2022, management of Table Trac, Inc. awarded stock options to be distributed to most of its current employees. These options vested immediately. Grant date fair value of was recognized during 2022 as stock compensation expense as a component of selling, general and administration expense. 
 
 The Company has shares of restricted stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 . There were shares of restricted stock outstanding at December 31, 2021 . 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded compensation expense related to restricted stock granted of and , respectively as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded compensation expense related to stock options granted of and , respectively as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 The fair value of the Company s stock options issued during 2022 was estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 
 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield 

The expected volatility was estimated based on the Company's calculated historical volatility. 
 
 No options were exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 The unvested stock compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately three years. As of December 31, 2022 , the remaining unrecognized stock compensation expense for stock options and restricted stock was approximated and , respectively. 
 
 The following table summarizes additional information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 : 

The Company has and stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 The following table summarizes the activity of all stock options outstanding for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited 
 Balance at December 31: 
 
 Options Exercisable at December 31: 
 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value for options granted during the period 

Deferred tax (benefit) 
 Total income tax expense 

The reconciliation between expected federal income tax rates and the Company s effective federal tax rates is as follows for the years ended December 31: 

Permanent differences 
 State income tax, net of federal tax benefit 
 Foreign tax credit 
 Research and Development tax credit 
 Paycheck Protection Program loan forgiven 
 Other 
 Total 

The following table summarizes the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31: 

Accounts receivable 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Inventory obsolescence 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Section 174 capitalization 
 Customer deposits 
 Net current deferred tax liability 
 
 Long-term deferred tax asset (liabilities): 
 NOL - State 
 Foreign tax credit 
 R D tax credit 
 Book - Tax depreciation 
 Stock compensation 
 Investment impairment 
 Net long-term deferred tax asset 
 Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

The company has various state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and other Federal and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately that expire between 2022 and 2035 if not used. An allowance for net operating loss carryforward is recorded when the Company believes the amount may not be collected or fully utilized. Management believes the state net operating loss carryforward is fully collectible or will be fully utilized. 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic 
 Basic net income per share 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted 
 Diluted net income per share 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were common stock equivalents that had a dilutive effect of approximately and shares, respectively. 

F-15

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None 
 
 Item 9A. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 
 (a) DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 In light of this fact, our management has performed additional analysis and has concluded that, notwithstanding this material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, the consolidated financial statements for the periods covered by and including this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 (b) REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company has designed internal controls to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company assesses the effectiveness of internal controls based on the criteria set forth in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework developed by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 As a result of this evaluation, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 (c) MATERIAL WEAKNESS IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the company identified a material weakness in its design of controls over accounting and reporting of significant, non-recurring events, and complex transactions. 
 
 This material weakness could result in a misstatement of account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 
 (d) REMEDIATION PLAN 
 
 The Company has a remediation plan for the identified material weakness and in fiscal 2023 will engage an accounting expert to assist with the accounting for significant, non-recurring events and complex transactions. 
 
 The remediation actions are subject to ongoing senior management review, as well as Audit Committee oversight. The Company will not be able to conclude whether the steps to be taken will fully remediate the material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting until remediation efforts are completed, tested, and evaluated for effectiveness. 
 
 (e) CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Except for the matters discussed previously, there were no other changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 None 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

8

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 The Financial Statements and the Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 542) are included in Part II, Item 8 of the 10-K. 
 
 EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 2, 1995 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10SB-12G filed on December 6, 1999). 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 26, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2011). 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2011). 

3.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Bylaws dated March 9, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2016). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Table Trac, Inc. Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019). 

10.1 
 
 Offer Letter by and between Table Trac Inc. and Randy W. Gilbert (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed on January 12, 2018). 

10.2 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 8, 2021 between Table Trac Inc. and Alerus Financial, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to registrant s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020). 

10.3 
 
 Table Trac, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2021 

10.4 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (filed herewith) 

10.6 
 
 Letter Agreement between Table Trac Inc. and Robert Siqveland, dated December 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2022 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Boulay PLLP (filed herewith) 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

9

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: M arch 27, 2023 

TABLE TRAC, INC. 

/s/ Chad Hoehne 

Chad Hoehne, Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 27th day o f March, 2023. 

/s/ Chad Hoehne 

Chad Hoehne, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(principal executive officer) 

/s/ Randy Gilbert 

Randy Gilbert, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ William Martinez 

William Martinez, Director 

/s/ Thomas Mertens 

Thomas Mertens, Director 

10

<EX-10.5>
 2
 ex_459385.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

ex_459385.htm 

Exhibit 10.5 

Table Trac, Inc. 

 Restricted Stock Agreement 

This Restricted Stock Agreement (the Agreement is made effective as of ______________________, 202__ by and between Table Trac, Inc., Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and _____________ Employee ). 

Background 

A. The Company has adopted the Table Trac, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan to increase shareholder value and to advance the interests of the Company by furnishing a variety of economic incentives Incentives designed to attract, retain and motivate the employees, consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries 9if any). Capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. 

B. The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), or by a stock option or compensation committee (the Committee of the Board, believes that entering into this Agreement with Employee is consistent with the stated purposes for which the Plan was adopted. 

C. The Company desires to grant restricted stock to Employee, and Employee desires to accept such restricted stock, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 

Now, Therefore , in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Grant of Stock . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Company hereby grants to Employee __________________ (_____) shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per shares, of the Company (such shares are referred to hereinafter as the Shares ). Upon the execution of this Agreement, the Shares shall be registered on the books of the Company, and the Company shall cause the transfer agent and registrar of its common stock to issue one or more certificates in Employee s name evidencing the Shares (each a Stock Certificate ). Employee shall immediately thereafter deposit with the Company (and, if required by the Company, a stock power duly endorsed in blank in the form provided by the Company), each Stock Certificate to be held by the Company until such time as the restrictions set forth herein and under the Plan have lapsed pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Agreement. The Stock Certificate(s) shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: 

The transferability of this certificate and the shares of Common Stock represented by it are subject to the terms and conditions (including conditions of forfeiture) contained in the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan of Table Trac, Inc. (the Company ), and an agreement entered into between the registered owner and the Company. A copy of the Plan and the agreement is on file in the office of the secretary of the Company. 

At the Company s election, Shares may be held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Shares have lapsed. 

2. Rights of Employee . Upon the execution of this Agreement and issuance of the Shares, Employee shall become a shareholder with respect to the Shares and shall have all of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the Shares, including the right to vote the Shares and to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to the Shares; provided, however, that the Shares shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in paragraph 3 of this Agreement. 

Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, the Board or the Committee may, in its discretion, instruct the Company to withhold any stock dividends or stock splits issued on or with respect to Shares that are subject to the restrictions provided for in paragraph 3 of this Agreement, which stock dividends or splits shall also be subject to the restrictions provided for in paragraph 3 of this Agreement. 

3. Restrictions . Employee agrees that, in addition to the restrictions set forth in the Plan, at all times prior to the lapse of such restrictions pursuant to paragraph 4 hereof: 

(a) Employee shall not sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber the Shares; and 

(b) In the event that Employee ceases to be either a member of the Board or employed by or engaged as a consultant to the Company (for any reason or no reason, and regardless of whether ceasing to be a director, employee or consultant is voluntary or involuntary on the part of Employee), then, subject to paragraphs 4 and 5 hereof, Employee shall, for no consideration, forfeit and transfer to the Company all of the Shares that remain subject to the restrictions set forth in this paragraph 3. 

4. Lapse of Restrictions . Subject to Section 10.12 of the Plan, and except as may otherwise be provided in a written agreement between Employee and the Company, the restrictions set forth in paragraph 3 shall lapse over a period of _____ (___) years in equal annual installments, beginning on _____________, 202___ and continuing until the restrictions have lapsed with respect to all of the Shares, as set forth in the following schedule: 

No. of Shares 

Date of Lapse 

_______ 

Upon request of Employee at any time after the date that the restrictions set forth in paragraph 3 of this Agreement have lapsed with respect to any of the Shares, and such Shares have become vested, free and clear of all restrictions, except as provided in the Plan, the Company shall remove any restrictive notations placed on the books of the Company and the Stock Certificate(s) in connection with such restrictions. 

5. Copy of the Plan . By the execution of this Agreement, Employee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, the terms of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof by reference as if set forth in full. The Board or, if applicable, the Committee (as defined in the Plan), shall have the sole and complete discretion with respect to all matters reserved to it by the Plan and decisions of the Board (or the Committee) with respect thereto and to this Agreement shall be final and binding upon Employee. 

6. No Right to Continuation of Employment or Corporate Assets . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to grant Employee any right to continue in the employ of the Company for any period of time or to any right to continue his or her present or any other rate of compensation, nor shall this Agreement be construed as giving Employee, Employee s beneficiaries or any other person any equity or interests of any kind in the assets of the Company or creating a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship of any kind between the Company and any such person. 

2

7. Withholding of Tax . To the extent that the receipt of the Shares or the lapse of any restrictions thereon results in income to Employee for federal or state income tax purposes, Employee shall deliver to the Company at the time of such receipt or lapse, as the case may be, such amount of money as the Company may require to meet its withholding obligation under applicable tax laws or regulations, and, if Employee fails to do so, the Company may elect to take such actions permitted under the Plan. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in such situation, the Company will be authorized to withhold from any cash or stock remuneration then or thereafter payable to Employee (including without limitation redeeming Shares that remain on deposit with the Company that have a Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) up to the minimum amount of withholding taxes required to be collected)[; provided, however, that unless payment in full of such amount is received by the Company on or prior to the date on which the amount of tax to be withheld shall be determined Tax Date ), Employee shall be deemed to have irrevocably elected to satisfy such payment obligation by electing to have the Company withhold from the distribution of Shares upon the lapse of restrictions thereon such number of Shares having a value up to the minimum amount of withholding taxes required to be collected on the transaction]. The value of any shares to be withheld shall be based on the Fair Market Value (as such term is defined in the Plan) of the Company s common stock on the Tax Date. Notwithstanding any action the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains Employee s responsibility and the Company (a) makes no representation or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with the grant of, or lapse of restriction on, the Shares or the subsequent sale of any Shares; and (b) does not commit to structure the grant of the Shares to reduce or eliminate the Employee s liability for Tax-Related Items. 

8. Section 83(b) Election . Employee understands that Employee shall be responsible for his or her own federal, state, local or foreign tax liability and any of his other tax consequences that may arise as a result of transactions in the Shares. Employee shall rely solely on the determinations of Employee s tax advisors or Employee s own determinations, and not on any statements or representations by the Company or any of its agents, with regard to all such tax matters. Employee understands that Section 83 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the Code taxes as ordinary income the difference between the amount paid for the Shares and the fair market value of the Shares as of the date any restrictions on the Shares lapse. Employee understands that Employee may elect to be taxed at the time the Shares are received rather than when and as the restrictions on the Shares lapse or expire by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service within 30 days from the date of the acquisition. If Employee files an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, such election shall contain all information required under the applicable treasury regulation(s) and Employee shall deliver a copy of such election to the Company contemporaneously with filing such election with the Internal Revenue Service. EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS EMPLOYEE S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY AND NOT THE COMPANY S TO FILE TIMELY THE ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(B) OF THE CODE, EVEN IF EMPLOYEE REQUESTS THAT THE COMPANY OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES MAKE THIS FILING ON EMPLOYEE S BEHALF. 

9. General . 

(a) This Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement executed by the Company and Employee. 

(b) This Agreement and the Plan embody the entire agreement made between the parties hereto with respect to matters covered herein and shall not be modified except in accordance with paragraph 9(a) of this Agreement. To the extent any provision of this Agreement conflicts with the terms of the Plan, the Plan shall control. 

3

(c) Nothing herein expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed as conferring upon or giving to any person, firm, or corporation other than the parties hereto, any rights or benefits under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(d) Each party hereto agrees to execute such further documents as may be necessary or desirable to effect the purposes of this Agreement. 

(d) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

(e) This Agreement, in its interpretation and effect, shall be governed by the laws of the State of ___________ applicable to contracts executed and to be performed therein. The venue for any action relating to this Agreement shall be the federal or state courts located in ________________ County, __________, to which venue each party hereby submits. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Restricted Stock Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above. 

TABLE TRAC, INC. 

Name: 

Title: 

EMPLOYEE 

4

</EX-10.5>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_490955.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our report, dated March 27, 2023, with respect to the financial statements included in the Annual Report of Table Trac, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Table Trac, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-258960). 

/s/ Boulay PLLP 

 Minneapolis, Minnesota 

 March 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_459386.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_459386.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Chad Hoehne, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Table Trac, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 /s/ Chad Hoehne 

 Chad Hoehne 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_459387.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_459387.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Randy Gilbert, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Table Trac, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

. 

 Date: March 27, 2023 /s/ Randy Gilbert 

 Randy Gilbert 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex_459388.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

ex_459388.htm 

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Table Trac, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chad Hoehne, Chief Executive Officer of the Company and I, Randy Gilbert, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 27, 2023 /s/ Chad Hoehne 

 Chad Hoehne 

 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 27, 2023 /s/ Randy Gilbert 

 Randy Gilbert 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tbtc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tbtc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tbtc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tbtc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tbtc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

