<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1590877_0000950170-23-005085.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21189065</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>539769</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2767391</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10172282</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2530117</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4678991</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005085.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161149
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REGENXBIO Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590877
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				471851754
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37553
		FILM NUMBER:		23685384

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9804 MEDICAL CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-552-8181

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9804 MEDICAL CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REGENXBIO, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ReGenX Biosciences, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005085.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 rgnx-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code, and telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, was . 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 
 REGENXBIO INC. 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

Part I 

Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 1 

Industry and Market Data 
 
 2 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 30 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 63 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 63 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 63 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 63 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 64 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 65 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 66 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 81 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 81 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 81 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 81 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 82 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 82 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 83 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 83 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 83 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 83 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 83 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 84 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 84 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 85 

Exhibit Index 
 
 125 

Signatures 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 INFORMATION REGARDING FO RWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). These statements express a belief, expectation or intention and are generally accompanied by words that convey projected future events or outcomes such as anticipate, assume, believe, continue, could, design, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, intend, may, objective, plan, position, potential, predict, project, seek, should, will, would or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions and analyses in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual results and developments will conform with our expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, including, but not limited to: 
 our ability to establish and maintain development partnerships, including our collaboration with AbbVie to develop and commercialize RGX-314; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates and the labeling for any approved products; 

the timing of enrollment, commencement and completion and the success of our clinical trials, including the timing and commencement of our AFFINITY DUCHENNE TM clinical trial; 

the timing of commencement and completion and the success of preclinical studies conducted by us and our development partners; 

the timely development and launch of new products; 

the scope, progress, expansion and costs of developing and commercializing our product candidates; 

our ability to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection for our product candidates and technology, and defend against third-party intellectual property-related claims; 

our expectations regarding the development and commercialization of product candidates currently being developed by third parties that utilize our technology; 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations and preclinical and clinical development timelines and plans; 

our anticipated growth strategies; 

our expectations regarding competition; 

the anticipated trends and challenges in our business and the market in which we operate; 

our ability to attract or retain key personnel; 

the size and growth of the potential markets for our product candidates and the ability to serve those markets; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of any of our products that are approved; 

our expectations regarding our expenses and revenue; 

our expectations regarding the outcome of legal proceedings; 

our expectations regarding regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; and 

our ability to accurately predict how long our existing cash resources will be sufficient to fund our anticipated operating expenses. 

You should carefully read the factors discussed in the sections titled Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) for additional discussion of the risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors that could cause our actual results or developments to differ materially and adversely from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The actual results or developments anticipated may not be realized or, even if substantially realized, they may not have the expected consequences to or effects on us or our businesses or operations. Such statements are not guarantees of 
 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially and adversely from those projected in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms REGENXBIO, we, us, our or the Company mean REGENXBIO Inc. and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 AAVIATE, ALTITUDE, ATMOSPHERE, NAV, REGENXBIO and the REGENXBIO logos are our registered trademarks. Any other trademarks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective holders. 
 INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
 We obtained the industry, market and competitive position data used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K from our own internal estimates and research, as well as from industry and general publications, in addition to research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Internal estimates are derived from publicly-available information released by industry analysts and third-party sources, our internal research and our industry experience, and are based on assumptions made by us based on such data and our knowledge of our industry and market, which we believe to be reasonable. We have not independently verified industry, market and competitive position data from third-party sources, but we believe the sources of such information to be reliable. While we believe the industry, market and competitive position data included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is reliable and is based on reasonable assumptions, such data involves risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in Risk Factors. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 
 ITEM 1. BU SINESS 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company seeking to improve lives through the curative potential of gene therapy. Our investigational gene therapies are designed to deliver functional genes to address genetic defects in cells, enabling the production of therapeutic proteins or antibodies that are intended to impact disease. Through a single administration, gene therapy could potentially alter the course of disease significantly and deliver improved patient outcomes with long-lasting effects. 
 
 Our investigational gene therapies use adeno-associated virus (AAV) vectors from our proprietary gene delivery platform, which we call our NAV Technology Platform. AAV vectors are non-replicating viral delivery vehicles that are not known to cause disease. Our NAV Technology Platform consists of exclusive rights to a large portfolio of AAV vectors, including AAV7, AAV8, AAV9 and more than 100 other novel AAV vectors (NAV Vectors). We believe this platform forms a strong foundation for our current clinical-stage programs and with our ongoing research and development, we expect to continue to expand our platform and pipeline of potential AAV vector-based gene therapies. We refer to commercial and investigational AAV vector-based gene therapies as AAV Therapeutics. 
 
 We have developed a broad pipeline of investigational AAV Therapeutics using our NAV Technology Platform as a one-time treatment to address an array of diseases. We are currently focusing our internal development pipeline in three areas: retinal, neuromuscular and neurodegenerative diseases. Our investigational AAV Therapeutics include: 
 RGX-314, which we are developing in collaboration with AbbVie to treat large patient populations impacted by wet age-related macular degeneration (wet AMD), diabetic retinopathy (DR) and other chronic retinal diseases characterized by loss of vision. 

RGX-202, which we are developing to treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy (Duchenne), one of the most common fatal genetic disorders affecting children. 

RGX-121, RGX-111 and RGX-181, which we are developing to treat Mucopolysaccharidosis type II (MPS II), Mucopolysaccharidosis type I (MPS I), and late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type II (CLN2 disease), all of which are progressive, neurodegenerative lysosomal storage disorders. 

RGX-381, which we are developing to treat the ocular manifestations of CLN2 disease. 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our internal pipeline is shown below. 

We believe that we have a strong pipeline of AAV Therapeutics with the potential to deliver one-time treatments to patients living with common and rare diseases, and we expect to have more product candidates to come. 
 
 We believe our integrated, end-to-end expertise in discovering, developing and manufacturing AAV Therapeutics distinguishes us from other gene therapy companies. We have built a team of experts in research and development, scalable manufacturing and preclinical and clinical development. As a result, we believe we have the resources and capabilities to conduct early research and preclinical testing, advance AAV Therapeutics into clinical development and manufacture new potential therapies for patients. 
 
 We believe our history, science, resources, people and values combine to make us an industry leader in gene therapy and the development of potentially ground-breaking therapies. 
 
 We believe AAV Therapeutics represent a simplified and efficient potential new class of innovative medicines. We believe that our end-to-end capabilities to develop, manufacture and clinically advance AAV Therapeutics will support the achievement of our 2025 goals, such that by the end of 2025, we can grow into a company with multiple AAV Therapeutics that are FDA-approved or in pivotal trials through our internal and partnered programs that can help ensure our continued growth. 
 AAV Therapeutics 
 
 Historically, the primary challenge for gene therapy has been the safe and effective delivery of genes into cells. Genes are made of DNA, which is a large, highly charged molecule that is difficult to transport across a cell membrane and deliver to the nucleus, where it can be transcribed and translated into protein. The genetic material needs to be delivered efficiently and to the desired target 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 tissues and cell types, which will vary depending on the disease to be treated. Based on this need, scientists have designed and developed a variety of gene vectors in order to facilitate gene delivery in cells. 
 
 We focus on in vivo gene therapy. Among vectors available for in vivo gene therapy, viral vectors have been adopted frequently due to their demonstrated efficiency in gene delivery to date. Since AAVs are not known to be associated with disease in humans, vectors derived from AAV have promising safety profiles for gene therapy. 
 Our NAV Technology Platform 
 
 In 2009, we acquired exclusive rights to our NAV Technology Platform. Our NAV Technology Platform includes over 100 NAV Vectors, as well as vectors that are at least 95 identical to any NAV Vector, that provide the foundation for the development of new AAV Therapeutics. We have observed that several of our NAV Vectors demonstrate preferential tropisms for a range of tissues, as well as efficient transgene delivery and expression that may produce a therapeutic effect. Our NAV Technology Platform has enabled the development of a number of AAV Therapeutics being investigated in clinical trials and one that is FDA-approved. 
 
 For many years, by sublicensing NAV Vectors from our NAV Technology Platform to other biopharmaceutical companies with disease-specific expertise, which we refer to as our NAV Technology Licensees, we received capital to advance our own research and capabilities. Our NAV Technology Platform is being applied to a number of programs over a broad range of therapeutic areas and disease indications by our NAV Technology Licensees. These partnered programs include Novartis Zolgensma , a gene therapy for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA), which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2019, and has been used to treat over 2,500 patients suffering from SMA, a debilitating and potentially deadly disease. Our partnering strategy provides us the flexibility to sublicense development of treatments designed to address significant unmet medical needs, while remaining focused on our own pipeline of AAV Therapeutics. 
 We believe we have extensive human safety experience to support the development of our investigational AAV Therapeutics based on data from over 2,800 patients dosed with AAV Therapeutics derived from our NAV Technology Platform in more than 20 different clinical-stage programs and with one FDA approved product. To date, we have observed that AAV Therapeutics derived from our NAV Technology Platform have been generally well tolerated. 
 Our AAV Therapeutic Platform 
 
 Discovery and Development of AAV Therapeutics 
 
 We have a team of scientists and engineers dedicated to expanding the understanding and applications of AAV vectors, applying the differentiated capabilities of the NAV Technology Platform and exploring the potential to generate new, innovative AAV Therapeutics. We endeavor to rapidly discover and develop a pipeline of investigational AAV Therapeutics with the potential, through a single administration, to alter the course of disease significantly and deliver improved patient outcomes with long-lasting effects. We believe that we have created a reproducible process and modular platform for the discovery and development of innovative AAV Therapeutics. 
 
 Our scientists are researching and evaluating NAV Vectors to identify and characterize new features and benefits that may be more clinically effective. We are also engineering novel capsids by leveraging the natural diversity of our NAV Vectors and our detailed knowledge of AAV structure and function. We are designing new NAV Vectors with new features that may enhance tissue and cell type specificity, increase potency and potentially improve the safety profile of AAV Therapeutics. Through our internal efforts and collaborations, we are also designing novel vectors to which we add high affinity targeting domains with the goal of enabling them to deliver genes more precisely to specific tissues and cells. 
 
 With AAV Therapeutics, the transgene is eventually transported to the cell nucleus where it is transcribed into RNA. The production of RNA in the cell is controlled by transcriptional elements called enhancers and promoters that are linked to the gene. We have designed optimized enhancer and promoter combinations with the goal of enabling sustained gene expression in particular cell types and potentially increasing durability of therapeutic effect. 
 
 We can design our AAV Therapeutics to deliver genes for a spectrum of therapeutic modalities. Our current pipeline of investigational AAV Therapeutics uses NAV Vectors to deliver genes for a therapeutic antibody, or a functional gene to compensate for a missing or non-functional gene. 
 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We also conduct research studying the potential of NAV Vectors to deliver small RNAs, such as microRNA (miRNA) or antisense sequences, which could alter the structure or silence an RNA transcript. We have created a platform for designing efficient small RNA scaffolds to address targets of interest while avoiding off-target effects and cellular toxicity. In addition, NAV Vectors have been designed to enable in vivo gene editing, which involves the alteration of a gene via targeted insertion or deletion of DNA base pairs. 
 
 In addition to our research evaluating NAV Vectors, we also work on identifying potential indications for the development of new AAV Therapeutics, guided by our expertise and experience in bringing AAV Therapeutics to the clinical stage. Our early evaluation of targets includes scientific rationale and cross-functional analysis of technical feasibility. In our exploratory research, we work internally and through collaborations with external researchers to identify and optimize AAV Therapeutics based on AAV vector targeting, transgene optimization and evaluation of effective delivery devices. We then execute proof-of-concept research that informs the next steps in our pipeline strategy. While much of our research into potential AAV Therapeutics extends from our clinical expertise in eye diseases, AAV-mediated antibody delivery, neurodegenerative diseases and neuromuscular diseases, we are also able to research potential opportunities to advance AAV Therapeutics for new disease areas. 
 
 Our platform capabilities include a team of scientists that develop analytical assays and approaches to support our preclinical and clinical-stage pipeline. The ability to determine dose levels, biodistribution, and target engagement requires an understanding of complex variables that are related to properties of both the NAV Vector and the gene, and dependent on the delivery device. We believe that our analytical capabilities are at the forefront of AAV Therapeutic development. 
 
 AAV Therapeutic Manufacturing 
 
 Our research team works closely with our manufacturing team, allowing us to evaluate the manufacturability of AAV Therapeutics early in the discovery process. Through our ability to collaborate cross-functionally, we can move quickly from candidate selection to the manufacturing of clinical-grade material, which we believe allows us to accelerate the process of developing AAV Therapeutics. 
 
 We have invested in innovative manufacturing process development and analytical capabilities and use a suspension cell culture-based manufacturing process. We have deep in-house knowledge of biologics and gene therapy manufacturing, which we believe will enable us to scale manufacturing of our AAV Therapeutics while ensuring product quality for patients and improving cost-of-goods. We have developed systems which we believe will provide robust manufacturing and global supply of AAV Therapeutics to meet quality requirements and anticipated research, clinical and future commercial demand. Our Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) production facility, the REGENXBIO Manufacturing Innovation Center (RMIC), is located in our corporate headquarters in Rockville, Maryland. The RMIC has been designed to support production of AAV Therapeutics and has been in operation since mid-2022. 
 
 We have developed a proprietary, high-yielding manufacturing process platform for NAV vector production (NAVXpress TM that can be applied across multiple AAV Therapeutics. The suspension-based manufacturing platform has demonstrated robust scalability from bench-scale to 500 liter and 1,000-liter cGMP batches with consistent yield and product purity demonstrated via comparability studies. At the RMIC facility, we have demonstrated the ability to scale the manufacturing process to 2,000 liters. We believe this flexibility in manufacturing will support a wide range of potential commercial supply requirements for our AAV Therapeutics. 
 
 We have developed product formulations specific to our different delivery devices and routes of administration. We aim to ensure that our formulations are designed and assessed to ensure product stability can be maintained for numerous years and that our AAV Therapeutics can be exposed to a variety of handling and delivery procedures. 
 
 We have endeavored to design our platform manufacturing process, formulations and devices to enable efficient transition from research to clinical trials to commercial readiness, while minimizing changes during product development. To support our platform, we have developed a comprehensive set of analytical methods to assess quality and characterize the product. We continue to expand and enhance internal analytical lab capabilities with the aim of improving quality and control and supporting accelerated development of AAV Therapeutics. 
 
 While we primarily rely upon internal manufacturing, we have agreements with several biologics contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) for production of material under cGMP requirements to support our current and future clinical trials, as well as potential future commercialization of our investigational AAV Therapeutics. We select our CDMOs based on capability, capacity and expertise, and we believe partnering with multiple CDMOs provides us with flexibility and diversity in 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 suppliers, as well as access to future capacity to accommodate clinical trials and commercialization. We have a strategic partnership with FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies for the manufacture of our investigational AAV Therapeutics. Under the terms of the agreement, we secured capacity for the supply of cGMP NAV Vector drug substance produced at scales up to 2,000 liters. We also have agreements with several CDMOs for cGMP final drug product manufacturing and have produced numerous batches for our clinical trials. 
 
 AAV Therapeutic Delivery Devices 
 
 We believe that a critical component of AAV Therapeutic development is to deliver treatments safely, effectively and efficiently to the right part of the body. We leverage the differentiated characteristics of NAV Vectors to target different tissues and cells. To further enhance the profile of AAV Therapeutics, we have developed a platform of different devices to assist in the delivery of AAV Therapeutics using multiple routes of administration to tissues and cells. 
 
 We have developed significant expertise in designing delivery device systems for use with AAV Therapeutics and have also developed and in-licensed relevant intellectual property, including know-how, related to delivery devices. Our research and development activities have involved several delivery device advancements for AAV Therapeutics. We focus research on designing features and implementing delivery device solutions that we believe have the potential to improve the effect, patient safety and caregiver usability of AAV Therapeutics. 
 
 We have advanced image-guided device delivery of AAV Therapeutics into the cerebrospinal fluid to target the brain and central nervous system for neurodegenerative diseases. In 2018, in our clinical trial for the treatment of MPS II, an investigational AAV Therapeutic was delivered to a patient using an intracisternal delivery device for the first time. We have also led the development of two different types of delivery devices of AAV Therapeutics into the eye for targeting the retina of patients. In 2020, in our clinical trial for the in-office treatment of wet AMD, an investigational AAV Therapeutic was delivered to a patient using a novel, suprachoroidal delivery device for the first time. In 2020, we initiated a pivotal phase program for RGX-314 using an automated subretinal delivery device for the treatment of wet AMD. As part of our delivery device expertise, we have created teams of experts to support and train physicians to deliver AAV Therapeutics in operating room and physician office settings. 
 
 In recent years, a tremendous amount of progress has been made in the development of AAV Therapeutics, and we believe we have been a leader in these advancements. 
 Our Investigational AAV Therapeutics 
 
 We are currently focusing our internal development pipeline in three areas: retinal diseases, neuromuscular diseases and neurodegenerative diseases. 
 
 RGX 314 for the Treatment of Wet AMD, DR and Other Chronic Retinal Diseases 
 
 We are developing RGX 314 in collaboration with AbbVie as a potential one-time treatment for wet AMD, DR and other chronic retinal diseases. These diseases are characterized by loss of vision due to excess fluid accumulation from new blood vessel formation and treated with anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (anti-VEGF) therapies. 
 
 Wet AMD is the leading cause of vision loss in people over 60, affecting more than 2 million patients in the United States, Europe and Japan. The risk for developing wet AMD increases with age and we anticipate that the incidence of new cases will continue to increase significantly with the growth of the aging population. In patients with wet AMD, fluid accumulation can result in physical changes in the structure of the retina and adverse changes in vision. As this process progresses, blindness can result from atrophy and scar formation. 
 
 DR is a complication of diabetes and is the leading cause of blindness in adults between 24 and 75 years of age worldwide. It is a progressive retinopathy, and the spectrum of DR severity ranges from non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy (NPDR) to proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR). As DR progresses, a large proportion of patients develop vision-threatening complications, including diabetic macular edema (DME) and neovascularization that can lead to blindness. An estimated 27 million patients are affected with DR across the US, Europe and Japan, and of those, there are more than 23 million DR patients without center-involved DME. DR is the leading cause of vision loss in working-age adults and the incidence is expected to continue to grow significantly with the prevalence of diabetes. 
 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Frequent anti-VEGF injections in the eye have been shown to reduce the risk of blindness in randomized controlled clinical trials and are approved for the treatment of wet AMD and DR. The current standard-of-care anti-VEGF treatments require patients to receive injections in the eye every four to 12 weeks for the duration of the disease. Real world evidence shows that patients with wet AMD are severely undertreated, and DR patients with early non-proliferative disease are often not treated due to the unsustainable treatment burden of administering frequent injections required with currently approved anti-VEGF therapies. As a result, the majority of wet AMD patients experience significant vision loss over time and most patients with early non-proliferative DR progress to more severe forms of the proliferative disease, developing common vision-threatening complications such as center-involved DME and proliferative DR. 
 
 RGX 314 is being developed as a novel, one-time treatment that includes the NAV AAV8 vector containing a gene for a monoclonal antibody fragment designed to inhibit VEGF activity, modifying the pathway for formation of new leaky blood vessels and retinal fluid accumulation. After delivery of RGX 314, we believe retinal cells will continue to produce the anti-VEGF protein. Two separate routes of administration of RGX-314 to the eye are being evaluated: a subretinal delivery procedure as well as a targeted, in-office administration to the suprachoroidal space. We have licensed certain exclusive rights to the SCS Microinjector from Clearside Biomedical, Inc. (Clearside) to deliver gene therapy treatments to the suprachoroidal space of the eye. 
 
 Clinical Development of RGX 314 for the Treatment of Wet AMD 
 
 We have initiated two pivotal trials, ATMOSPHERE and ASCENT , for the treatment of wet AMD using RGX-314 delivered subretinally, and we expect these pivotal trials to support a Biologics Licensing Application (BLA) submission in 2024. ATMOSPHERE and ASCENT are multi-center, randomized, active-controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a single-administration of RGX-314 versus standard of care in patients with wet AMD. Both trials are active and enrolling patients. 
 
 We are conducting a Phase II bridging study evaluating the pharmacodynamics, safety and efficacy of RGX-314, a potential one-time therapy delivered subretinally using cGMP material produced by our NAVXpress bioreactor platform process. As of November 14, 2022, RGX-314 was well tolerated across 46 patients dosed at two dose levels. Five serious adverse events (SAEs) were reported, none of which were considered related to RGX-314. In the high dose cohorts, all common treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) through six months in the study eye were mild or moderate and included post-operative conjunctival hemorrhage, post-operative inflammation and retinal pigmentary changes. In these cohorts, target protein concentrations in the eye were similar between the manufacturing processes. Patients in the two high dose cohorts also demonstrated stable to improved best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) and central retinal thickness (CRT), and meaningful reductions in anti-VEGF burden, with a majority of subjects injection-free. To support future commercialization of RGX-314, the cGMP material produced by our NAVXpress platform process has been incorporated in the ongoing pivotal trials, ATMOSPHERE and ASCENT, for the treatment of wet AMD using RGX-314 delivered subretinally. 
 
 In October 2022, we announced data from the Phase I/IIa long-term follow-up study of RGX-314 for the treatment of wet AMD using subretinal delivery. As of August 29, 2022, RGX-314 continued to be generally well-tolerated in the long-term follow-up study (n=37). Nine SAEs were reported in four patients, none of which were considered related to RGX-314. Patients treated with RGX-314 continued to demonstrate a long-term, durable treatment effect in Cohort 3 up to four years and in Cohort 4 up to three years. Stable to improved visual acuity was observed, with a mean BCVA of +12 letters from baseline at four years for Cohort 3 patients and -5 letters from baseline at three years for Cohort 4 patients following RGX-314 administration. 
 
 We are also evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of suprachoroidal delivery of RGX-314 through AAVIATE , a multi-center, open label, randomized, controlled, dose-escalation Phase II trial of RGX-314 for the treatment of wet AMD. 
 
 In October 2022, we announced additional positive interim data from AAVIATE. As of August 1, 2022, RGX-314 suprachoroidal delivery was reported to be well tolerated across 85 patients dosed in Cohorts 1-5. Fifteen SAEs were reported, none of which were considered related to RGX-314. For the total group of Cohorts 1-4 (n=65), all common TEAEs through six months in the study eye were mild or moderate and included conjunctival hemorrhage, increased intraocular pressure, episcleritis and conjunctival hyperemia. Mild intraocular inflammation was reported at similar incidence in the first and second dose levels, with an increase in incidence in mild to moderate inflammation seen at the third dose level (Cohort 4). All intraocular inflammation resolved with topical corticosteroids. Patients treated in the RGX-314 arms and the ranibizumab control arm both continued to demonstrate stable BCVA and CRT at six months. In addition, a meaningful reduction in anti-VEGF treatment burden following administration of RGX-314 compared to mean annualized injection rate during the 12 months prior to administration was observed and ranged from -64 to -85 across all cohorts. The highest reduction in treatment burden was observed in the third dose level, with patients receiving a mean of 1.3 injections over six months following administration of RGX-314, which represents an 85 reduction in anti-VEGF treatment burden. Ten out of 15 patients (67 in the third dose level received no anti-VEGF injections over six months following RGX-314 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 administration. In these patients, visual acuity and CRT was observed to be stable over six months. Interim data from the second dose level (Cohorts 2 and 3) suggested there was no meaningful difference in safety and vision outcomes for patients who are neutralizing antibody (NAb) positive. We have expanded the AAVIATE trial to include a new cohort at the third dose level with short-course prophylactic ocular steroids following RGX-314 administration to evaluate the ability to prevent or reduce the occurrence of the mild to moderate intraocular inflammation seen in previous cohorts. Patients will be enrolled in Cohort 6 regardless of NAb status. We expect to complete enrollment of Cohort 6 in the first half of 2023 and report additional interim trial data, including initial data from Cohort 6, in the second half of 2023. 
 Clinical Development of RGX 314 for the Treatment of DR 
 
 We are evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of suprachoroidal delivery of RGX-314 for the treatment of DR in ALTITUDE , a multi-center, open label, randomized, controlled, dose-escalation Phase II trial. 
 
 In November 2022, we announced additional positive interim data from ALTITUDE. As of October 17, 2022, RGX-314 was reported to be well tolerated across 50 patients dosed in Cohorts 1-3 at two dose levels (D1 and D2). Five SAEs were reported, none of which were considered drug related. For the total group of Cohorts 1-3, common ocular TEAEs in the study eye through six months were predominantly mild and included conjunctival hemorrhage, conjunctival hyperemia and episcleritis. Three patients had intraocular inflammation, all of which were mild and resolved on topical corticosteroids. No meaningful differences in safety outcomes were observed at six months for patients who are NAb positive. BCVA remained stable in Cohorts 1-3 through six months. Patients treated with RGX-314 in Cohorts 1-3 demonstrated clinically meaningful improvements in disease severity and less disease worsening versus observation control at six months as measured by the Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study-Diabetic Retinopathy Severity Scale (DRSS). Specifically, 20 (D1: 40 , D2: 11 achieved 2-step DRSS improvement vs. 10 in control, 54 (D1: 60 , D2: 51 achieved any DRSS improvement vs. 20 in control, and 0 (D1: 0 , D2: 0 worsened 2 steps vs. 20 in control. We have expanded the ALTITUDE trial to include a higher third dose level (1x10 12 GC/eye), with patients stratified by DRSS levels across cohorts and all receiving short-course prophylactic ocular steroids following RGX-314 administration. We expect to complete enrollment of patients receiving the higher third dose level in the first half of 2023 and report additional interim trial data, including initial data from the third dose level, in the second half of 2023. 
 
 RGX-202 for the Treatment of Duchenne 
 
 RGX-202 is our investigational AAV Therapeutic for the treatment of Duchenne, a rare disease caused by mutations in the gene responsible for making dystrophin, a protein of central importance for muscle cell structure and function. Without dystrophin, muscles throughout the body degenerate and become weak, eventually leading to loss of movement and independence, required support for breathing, cardiomyopathy and premature death. There is presently no cure for Duchenne, and for most patients, there are no satisfactory disease modifying treatments available. Duchenne is one of the most common fatal genetic disorders affecting children, primarily boys. Duchenne is estimated to occur in approximately one in every 3,500-5,000 live male births and has an estimated prevalence of more than 30,000 cases in the U.S., Europe and Japan. 
 
 RGX-202 is designed to deliver a transgene for a novel microdystrophin that includes the functional elements of the C-Terminal (CT) domain found in naturally occurring dystrophin. Presence of the CT domain has been shown in preclinical studies to recruit several key proteins to the muscle cell membrane, leading to improved muscle resistance to contraction-induced muscle damage in dystrophic mice. Additional design features, including codon optimization and reduced CpG content, may potentially improve gene expression, increase translational efficiency and reduce immunogenicity. RGX-202 is designed to support the delivery and targeted expression of genes throughout skeletal and heart muscle using the NAV AAV8 vector, and a well-characterized muscle-specific promoter (Spc5-12). 
 
 We have received orphan drug product designation and rare pediatric disease designation from the FDA for RGX 202. 
 
 Clinical Development of RGX-202 
 
 We have received clearance of our Investigational New Drug (IND) application by the FDA to evaluate RGX-202 in a first-in-human, Phase I/II clinical trial, named AFFINITY DUCHENNE TM , which is active and recruiting patients. This is a multicenter, open-label dose evaluation and dose expansion clinical trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability and clinical efficacy of RGX-202 in patients with Duchenne. We expect to report initial data from the trial in the second half of 2023. 
 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Additionally, we are recruiting patients in the AFFINITY BEYOND trial, an observational screening study. The primary objective is to evaluate the prevalence of AAV8 antibodies in patients with Duchenne up to 12 years of age. Information collected in this study may be used to identify potential participants for the AFFINITY DUCHENNE trial and potential future trials of RGX-202. 
 
 RGX 121 for the Treatment of MPS II 
 
 RGX 121 is our investigational AAV Therapeutic for the treatment of MPS II. MPS II, also known as Hunter syndrome, is a rare disease caused by a deficiency of the IDS gene which encodes the I2S enzyme. I2S is responsible for the breakdown of polysaccharides called heparan sulfate (HS) and dermatan sulfate (DS) in lysosomes, which are structures that dispose of waste products inside cells. These polysaccharides, called glycosaminoglycans (GAGs), accumulate in tissues of MPS II patients, resulting in diverse clinical signs and symptoms. HS is a key biomarker of I2S enzyme activity and high amounts of HS accumulate in the central nervous system (CNS) of MPS II patients, which has been shown to correlate with neurocognitive manifestations of the disease. In severe forms of the disease, early developmental milestones may be met during the first year after birth, but developmental delay is readily apparent by 18 to 24 months. Developmental progression begins to plateau between three and five years of age, with regression reported to begin around six and a half years. By the time of death, most patients with CNS involvement are severely mentally handicapped and require constant care. MPS II is estimated to occur in approximately 1 in 100,000 to 1 in 170,000 births worldwide. Based on global population, this equates to approximately 500 to 1,000 MPS II patients born each year worldwide. 
 
 Enzyme replacement therapy (ERT), the current standard of care for patients with MPS II, does not treat CNS manifestations of the disease because the enzyme cannot cross the blood-brain barrier. We believe that specific treatment to address the neurological manifestations of MPS II and prevent or stabilize cognitive decline remains a significant unmet medical need. 
 
 RGX 121 is designed to use the NAV AAV9 vector to deliver the human IDS gene to cells in the CNS. Delivery of the gene therapy and expression of the enzyme that is deficient within cells in the CNS could provide a permanent source of secreted I2S on the CNS side of the blood-brain barrier, allowing for long-term cross-correction of cells throughout the CNS. We believe this strategy could provide rapid I2S delivery to the brain, potentially preventing the progression of cognitive deficits that otherwise occur in MPS II patients. 
 
 We have received orphan drug product designation, rare pediatric disease designation and Fast Track designation from the FDA, as well as orphan designation and advanced therapy medicinal products (ATMP) classification from the European Medicines Agency (the EMA) for RGX 121. 
 
 Clinical Development of RGX 121 for the Treatment of MPS II 
 
 A Phase I/II clinical trial of RGX 121 in patients with MPS II under the age of 5 years old to evaluate the safety and tolerability of RGX-121, as well as the effects of RGX-121 on biomarkers of I2S enzyme activity, neurocognitive development and other clinical measures, is ongoing. The primary endpoint is safety. The secondary and exploratory endpoints include the effect of RGX 121 on biomarkers of I2S activity in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), serum and urine, and the effect of RGX 121 on neurocognitive deficits, as well as other clinical outcome measures. 
 
 Enrollment is ongoing in the pivotal program of CAMPSIITE TM , a Phase I/II/III multi-center, open-label trial to evaluate the efficacy, safety, tolerability and pharmacodynamics of RGX-121 in patients with MPS II up to 5 years old. The trial is expected to enroll 10 MPS II patients at the pivotal dose using commercial-scale cGMP material to support a BLA filing in 2024 using the accelerated approval pathway, with the potential to enroll additional patients. In February 2023, REGENXBIO announced positive interim data from the CAMPSIITE trial of RGX-121. As of January 3, 2023, RGX-121 was reported to be well-tolerated across all cohorts in 15 patients dosed with RGX-121 with no drug-related SAEs. Patients in all three cohorts demonstrated encouraging, dose-dependent reductions of CSF GAGs, key biomarkers of I2S enzyme activity, following one-time administration of RGX-121. Patients receiving the pivotal program dose level continued to demonstrate the largest reductions in CSF GAGs and continued to approach normal levels at 48 weeks. Improvements in neurodevelopmental function and caregiver reported outcomes demonstrated CNS activity up to three years after RGX-121 administration. GAGs in the CSF have the potential to be considered a surrogate biomarker that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit in MPS II disease under the accelerated approval pathway, as buildup of GAGs in the CSF of MPS II patients correlates with clinical manifestations, including neurodevelopmental deficits. CAMPSIITE is expected to complete enrollment of 10 MPS II patients in the first half of 2023 to support a BLA filing in 2024 using the accelerated approval pathway. 
 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 A second Phase I/II trial of RGX-121 is ongoing for the treatment of pediatric patients with MPS II ages 5-18 years old to evaluate the safety of a single administration of RGX-121, the effects of RGX-121 on biomarkers of I2S enzyme activity, and changes in cognitive function, adaptive behavior, daily function and quality of life. 
 
 RGX 111 for the Treatment of MPS I 
 
 RGX-111 is our investigational AAV Therapeutic for the treatment of MPS I, a rare disease caused by deficiency of IDUA, an enzyme required for the breakdown of polysaccharides in lysosomes. Similar to MPS II, many MPS I patients develop symptoms related to GAG accumulation in the CNS, which can include excessive accumulation of fluid in the brain, spinal cord compression and cognitive impairment. MPS I patients span a broad spectrum of disease severity and extent of CNS involvement. The severe form of MPS I is also referred to as Hurler syndrome. Hurler patients have two mutations in the IDUA gene, resulting in no active enzyme. These patients typically present with symptoms before two years of age and universally exhibit severe cognitive decline after an initial period of normal development. MPS I is estimated to occur in approximately 1 in 100,000 births worldwide. Based on global population, this equates to more than 1,000 MPS I patients born each year worldwide. 
 
 The current standard of care for patients with an attenuated form of MPS I is a recombinant form of human IDUA, given as a weekly ERT infusion. This has demonstrated improvement in hepatosplenomegaly, growth, mobility and respiratory function. However, as the enzyme cannot cross the blood-brain barrier, ERT does not treat the CNS manifestations of MPS I. Patients are also often treated with hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) and, although this approach has demonstrated improvements in survival, growth, cardiac and respiratory function, mobility and intellect, it is also associated with clinically relevant morbidity and an estimated 10 to 20 mortality. Accordingly, the procedure is reserved for patients with severe disease before two years of age because the risk-benefit ratio is thought to be more favorable in younger patients who have not yet experienced advanced cognitive decline. Another critical limitation of HSCT is that cognitive decline continues for up to a year after transplant before stabilizing, leaving permanent cognitive deficits. Overall, we believe the limitations of HSCT and ERT leave a significant unmet need for a method to safely achieve long-term IDUA reconstitution in the CNS for MPS I patients experiencing neurological complications. 
 
 RGX 111 is designed to use the NAV AAV9 vector to deliver the human IDUA gene to the CNS. Delivery of the enzyme that is deficient within cells in the CNS could provide a permanent source of secreted IDUA beyond the blood-brain barrier, allowing for long-term cross-correction of cells throughout the CNS. We believe this strategy could also provide rapid IDUA delivery to the brain, potentially preventing the progression of cognitive deficits that otherwise occurs in MPS I patients. 
 
 We have received orphan drug product designation, rare pediatric disease designation and fast track designation from the FDA, as well as orphan designation and ATMP classification from the EMA for RGX 111. 
 
 Clinical Development of RGX 111 for the Treatment of MPS I 
 
 We have completed enrollment in a Phase I/II clinical trial of RGX 111 with follow-up ongoing. The trial is a multi-center, open-label, dose escalation trial that is evaluating the safety, tolerability and pharmacodynamics of RGX-111 delivered to patients with MPS I. The primary endpoint of this trial is safety, and the secondary endpoints include the effect of RGX 111 on biomarkers of IDUA activity in the CSF, serum and urine, neurocognitive development and other outcome measures. 
 
 In addition, RGX-111 was administered to a patient with MPS I through a single-patient IND. 
 
 In February 2023, we announced positive interim data from the Phase I/II trial, as well as positive interim data from the single patient IND of RGX-111 . RGX-111 was reported to be well tolerated across two dose levels in the eight patients enrolled in the Phase I/II trial as of January 17, 2023 and in the single-patient IND as of December 12, 2021, with no drug-related SAEs. Biomarker and neurodevelopmental assessments indicated an encouraging CNS profile in patients dosed with RGX-111. We plan to manufacture commercial-scale cGMP material using the NAVXpress platform process in the first half of 2023 to support the continued development of RGX-111. We expect to share additional updates on program plans in the second half of 2023. 
 
 RGX 181 and RGX-381 for the Treatment of CLN2 Disease 
 
 CLN2 disease, a form of Batten disease, is a rare disease caused by mutations in the tripeptidyl peptidase 1 TPP1 gene. Mutations in the TPP1 gene and subsequent deficiency in TPP1 enzyme activity result in lysosomal accumulation of storage material and degeneration of tissues, including the brain and retina. CLN2 disease is characterized by seizures, rapid deterioration of language and motor functions, cognitive decline, loss of vision and blindness, and premature death by mid-childhood. Onset of symptoms is 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 generally between two to four years of age, with initial features of recurrent seizures (epilepsy), language delay and difficulty coordinating movements (ataxia). CLN2 disease is estimated to occur in approximately 1 in 250,000 births worldwide. Based on global population, this equates to as many as 500 patients born each year worldwide. 
 
 There is currently no cure for CLN2 disease. Current treatment options include palliative care or ERT. While ERT has been an improvement over palliative care in slowing disease progression, it does not address the ocular manifestations of CLN2 and we believe frequent administration of ERT into the CNS, reliance on limited and specialized infusion centers, the need for and complications associated with a permanently implanted device, and lack of a treatment for the underlying genetic cause of CLN2 disease represent an area of significant unmet medical need. 
 
 RGX 181 is our investigational AAV Therapeutic for the treatment of CLN2 disease. It is designed to use the NAV AAV9 vector to deliver the human TPP1 gene to the CNS. Delivery of the gene that is deficient within cells in the CNS could provide a permanent source of secreted TPP1 enzyme, allowing for long-term cross-correction of cells throughout the CNS. In December 2022, we announced that physician investigators at the Hospital de Clinicas in Porto Alegre, Brazil dosed the first child with CLN2 disease with RGX-181 in a single-patient, investigator-initiated study. As of December 20, 2022, RGX-181 was reported to be well-tolerated in this patient with no drug-related SAEs. 
 
 RGX-381 is our investigational AAV Therapeutic targeting the ocular manifestations of CLN2 disease. RGX-381 is designed to use the NAV AAV9 vector to deliver the TPP1 gene directly to the retina. We believe that one-time administration of RGX-381 could provide a durable source of TPP1 activity in the retina, thereby potentially preventing visual decline. There is currently no available treatment for the ocular manifestations of CLN2 disease. In December 2022, we announced that a clinical trial application (CTA) was accepted by the UK Health Authority to support a first-in-human, open-label, dose-escalation Phase I/II clinical trial to evaluate the safety and tolerability, as well as the effect on retinal anatomic and functional outcomes, of the subretinal delivery of RGX-381 for the treatment of ocular manifestations of CLN2 disease. We expect to initiate the Phase I/II clinical trial in the first half of 2023. 
 
 We have received orphan drug product designation and rare pediatric disease designation from the FDA, as well as ATMP classification from the EMA for RGX 181 and RGX-381 . 
 Collaborations, Licensing and Company Formation 
 
 Collaborations, licensing and company formation are a key part of our commitment to enable the ongoing development of gene therapy treatments. 
 
 AbbVie Eye Care Collaboration 
 
 In September 2021, REGENXBIO and AbbVie announced a global strategic partnership to develop and commercialize RGX-314, a potential one-time gene therapy for the treatment of wet AMD, DR and other chronic retinal diseases. 
 
 Under the terms of our Collaboration and License Agreement with AbbVie (the AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement), we received an upfront payment of 370 million. Additionally, we will be eligible to receive up to 1.38 billion in additional development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments. 
 
 Through December 31, 2022, we were responsible for development expenses for certain ongoing trials of RGX-314 and shared additional development expenses related to RGX-314 with AbbVie. Beginning on January 1, 2023, AbbVie is responsible for the majority of all development expenses. 
 
 In the United States, we will participate in commercialization of licensed products to the extent set forth in a commercialization plan to be determined in accordance with the AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement, and the parties will equally share net profits and net losses associated with commercialization of the licensed products in the United States. Outside the United States, AbbVie will be responsible, at its sole cost, for the commercialization of licensed products. We will also be eligible to receive tiered royalties on net sales by AbbVie of licensed products outside the United States at percentages in the mid-teens to low twenties, subject to specified offsets and reductions. 
 
 We will lead the manufacturing of RGX-314 for clinical development and U.S. commercial supply, and AbbVie will lead manufacturing of RGX-314 for commercial supply outside the United States. Manufacturing expenses will be allocated between the parties in accordance with the terms of the AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement and mutually agreed supply agreements. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 

NAV Technology Licensees 
 
 In addition to our internal product development efforts, we sublicense our NAV Vectors to other leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. As of December 31, 2022, our NAV Technology Licensees are currently applying our NAV Technology Platform to a number of AAV Therapeutics over a broad range of therapeutic areas and disease indications. Over 60 clinical trials utilizing NAV Vectors have been registered in the National Institutes of Health (NIH) clinical trials database since 2015, and one of three FDA-approved AAV Therapeutics in the United States uses a NAV Vector (Novartis Zolgensma). As of December 31, 2022, over 2,800 patients have been treated by REGENXBIO and our NAV Technology Licensees using NAV Vectors across the clinical trial, managed access and commercial settings. In 2022, Zolgensma had 1.37 billion in annual sales. 
 
 Our NAV Technology Licensees are shown below. 

We have also taken an active role in the formation of several of our NAV Technology Licensees, including being a founding shareholder in Dimension Therapeutics, Inc. (Dimension), Prevail Therapeutics Inc. (Prevail) and Corlieve Therapeutics SAS (Corlieve), all of which have been acquired in strategic transactions since their formation. We entered into a license agreement with each of these NAV Technology Licensees upon their formation, for which we received equity in the NAV Technology Licensee in addition to other consideration. In November 2017, Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (Ultragenyx) acquired Dimension for approximately 152 million in cash. In January 2021, Eli Lilly and Company acquired Prevail for up to approximately 1.04 billion. In July 2021, uniQure N.V. (uniQure) acquired Corlieve for up to approximately 250 million in cash and uniQure shares. 
 
 NAV Technology licenses have been an important component of our strategy since REGENXBIO s formation, creating opportunity for the development of additional therapies for patients and potential for additional value generation from the platform . Equity ownership in certain NAV Technology Licensees has generated significant additional return for REGENXBIO shareholders, and we believe the acquisition of these NAV Technology Licensees in strategic transactions by biopharmaceutical companies is an important validation of the NAV Technology Platform. 
 
 Zolgensma License 
 
 In March 2014, we entered into an agreement with AveXis, Inc. (AveXis, now Novartis Gene Therapies) for an exclusive, worldwide commercial license, with rights to sublicense, to the NAV AAV9 vector for the treatment of SMA. In 2018, we amended the license to include additional intellectual property owned or in-licensed by us, including rights to the NAV Technology Platform beyond NAV AAV9, as well as additional AAV vectors we may discover or license for a certain period of time, for the treatment of SMA. Under the license agreement, as amended, we were entitled to receive over 270 million in fees, development and commercial milestones. In addition, we are entitled to receive mid-single to low double-digit royalties on net sales for Zolgensma or any product developed for the treatment of SMA using the NAV AAV9 vector. For any product developed for the treatment of SMA using a licensed vector other than NAV AAV9, we are entitled to receive a low double-digit royalty on net sales. 
 
 Novartis acquired AveXis for 8.7 billion in April 2018, and Zolgensma was subsequently approved by the FDA in May 2019. In December 2020, we sold a portion of our royalty rights from the net sales of Zolgensma to entities managed by Healthcare Royalty Management, LLC (HCR) for a gross purchase price of 200 million. As of December 31, 2022, Zolgensma is approved in 47 countries and over 2,500 patients have been treated. 
 Platform License Agreements and Other Licenses 
 Platform Licenses 
 We have exclusively licensed many of our rights in our NAV Technology Platform from the University of Pennsylvania (Penn) and GlaxoSmithKline LLC (GSK), which together we refer to as our Platform Licenses. We currently use our NAV Technology 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Platform to develop treatments in the areas of retinal, neuromuscular and neurodegenerative diseases. We also sublicense our NAV Technology Platform to third parties in order to develop and bring to market AAV Therapeutics for a range of severe diseases with significant unmet medical needs outside of our core disease indications and therapeutic areas. 
 The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania. In February 2009, we entered into an exclusive, worldwide license agreement with Penn for patent and other intellectual property rights relating to a gene therapy technology platform based on AAVs discovered at Penn in the laboratory of James M. Wilson, M.D., Ph.D. This license was amended in September 2014, April 2016, April 2019, September 2020 and March 2022. In February 2009, we also entered into a sponsored research agreement with Penn (the 2009 SRA) under which we funded the nonclinical research of Dr. Wilson relating to AAV gene therapy and obtained an option to acquire an exclusive worldwide license in certain intellectual property created pursuant to such 2009 SRA. We entered into an additional sponsored research agreement (the 2013 SRA) with Penn in November 2013 which was funded entirely by our NAV Technology Licensee, Dimension. In December 2014, we entered into another SRA with Penn funding related nonclinical research of Dr. Wilson (the 2014 SRA). 
 Our license agreement with Penn, as amended, provides us with an exclusive, worldwide license under certain patents and patent applications in order to make, have made, use, import, offer for sale and sell products covered by the claims of the licensed patents and patent applications as well as all patentable inventions (to the extent they are or become available for license) that: 
 were discovered by Dr. Wilson or other Penn researchers working under his direct supervision at Penn; and 

are related to the AAV technology platform discovered by Dr. Wilson at Penn prior to February 2009, pursuant to a sponsored research agreement or subsequent amendment to a sponsored research agreement; or 

are necessary or useful for the practice of Penn s patent rights in the treatment of CLN2 disease, a form of Batten disease, and conceived and reduced to practice since October 2015; and 

are owned and controlled by Penn. 

Prior to entering into the license agreement with us, Penn had previously entered into two license agreements with third parties with respect to certain of the licensed patents and patent applications. Our license from Penn is subject to those preexisting license grants in addition to certain other retained fields. With respect to the first third party license granted by Penn, our license is non-exclusive with respect to the patents and patent applications licensed to the third party for so long as that preexisting license grant remains in effect and will become exclusive upon the expiration or termination of that existing license agreement. The pre-existing licenses also include a license agreement Penn entered into with GSK in May 2002 granting a license to certain patents and patent applications, of which we subsequently sublicensed certain rights to from GSK in March 2009. For further information regarding our GSK sublicense, please see Platform License Agreements and Other Licenses Platform Licenses GlaxoSmithKline LLC located elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our license agreement with Penn provides that should the rights Penn licensed to GSK ever revert to Penn, such rights shall automatically be included in our license agreement with Penn. 
 The Penn license agreement, as amended, also provides us with certain additional rights, including a non-exclusive, worldwide license to use (i) all data and information that was developed since October 2015 by Dr. Wilson, or other Penn researchers working under his direct supervision at Penn, that is related to Batten disease, owned by Penn, and necessary or useful for the practice of the licensed patent rights in the treatment of CLN2 disease; and (ii) all know-how that: 
 was developed by Dr. Wilson, or other Penn researchers working under his direct supervision at Penn; and 

is related to the AAV technology platform discovered by Dr. Wilson prior to September 2014; or 

is related to the AAV technology platform discovered by Dr. Wilson at Penn after September 2014 during the performance of a research program we sponsored; and 

is owned by Penn; and 

is necessary or useful for the practice of the licensed patent rights. 

Under the terms of the Penn license agreement, we issued equity to Penn and are also obligated to pay Penn: 
 up to 20.5 million upon the achievement of various development and sales-based milestones; 

low- to mid-single digit royalties on net sales of licensed pharmaceutical products sold by us or our affiliates; 

low-single digit to low-double digit royalty percentages of net sales on licensed products intended for research purposes only; 

13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 low- to mid-double digit royalty percentage on royalties received from third parties on net sales of licensed pharmaceutical products by such third parties; 

certain sublicense fees, of which 12 million remains outstanding; and 

reimbursements for ongoing patent prosecution and maintenance expenses. 

Our Penn license agreement, as amended, will terminate with respect to licensed products in a field of use other than the treatment of familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis on the date each particular licensed product ceases to be covered by at least one valid claim, issued or pending, under the licensed patent rights. We can terminate this license agreement by giving Penn prior written notice. Penn has the right to terminate: 
 with notice if we are late in paying money due under the license agreement; 

with notice if we fail to achieve a diligence event on or before the applicable completion date or otherwise breach the license agreement; 

if we or our affiliates experience insolvency; or 

if we commence any action against Penn to declare or render any claim of the licensed patent rights invalid or unenforceable. 

Under the 2014 SRA, as amended, we funded research at Penn, paid certain intellectual property legal and filing expenses and received the rights to certain research results. The Penn license agreement, as amended, and the 2014 SRA, as amended, provide that all patentable inventions conceived, created, or conceived and reduced to practice pursuant to the 2014 SRA, together with patent rights represented by or issuing from the U.S. patents and patent applications, including provisional patent applications, automatically become exclusively licensed to us and all research results become automatically licensed to us as know-how. Under the 2009 SRA, as amended, in consideration for our funding of research at Penn, we received an option to acquire a worldwide license on commercially reasonable terms to practice all patentable inventions conceived, created, or reduced to practice pursuant to the 2009 SRA, together with patent rights represented by or issuing from the U.S. patents and patent applications, including provisional patent applications. 
 GlaxoSmithKline LLC. In March 2009, we entered into a license agreement with GSK, which was amended in April 2009, in order to secure the exclusive rights to patents and patent applications covering NAV Technology that GSK had previously licensed from Penn (subject to certain rights retained by GSK and Penn). Under this GSK license agreement, we receive an exclusive, worldwide sublicense under the licensed patent rights to make, have made, use, import, sell and offer for sale products covered by the licensed patent rights anywhere in the world. Our rights under this GSK license agreement are subject to certain rights retained by GSK for the benefit of itself and other third parties, including rights relating to: domain antibodies; RNA interference and antisense drugs; internal research purposes and GSK s discovery research efforts with non-profit organizations and GSK collaborators; AAV8 for the treatment of hemophilia B; AAV9 for the treatment of Muscular Dystrophy, congestive heart failure suffered by Muscular Dystrophy patients and cardiovascular diseases by delivery of certain genes; and non-commercial research in the areas of Muscular Dystrophy, hemophilia B, congestive heart failure suffered by Muscular Dystrophy patients, and other cardiovascular disease. Under the terms of the license agreement, we issued equity to GSK and are obligated to pay GSK: 
 up to 1.5 million in aggregate milestone payments, all of which have been paid; 

low- to mid-double digit percentages of any sublicense fees we receive from sublicensees for the licensed intellectual property rights; and 

reimbursements for certain patent prosecution and maintenance expenses. 

In addition, under our GSK license agreement, we are obligated to pay low- to mid-single digit royalty percentages on net sales of licensed products. This payment has been assigned by GSK to Penn such that any royalties we are obligated to pay under the GSK license agreement will be paid to Penn rather than GSK. Under our GSK license agreement, we are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products. Our GSK license agreement will terminate upon the expiration, lapse, abandonment or invalidation of the last licensed claim to expire, lapse, become abandoned or unenforceable in all the countries of the world where the licensed patent rights existed. However, if no patent ever issues from patent rights licensed from GSK, this license agreement will terminate a specified number of years after the first commercial sale of the first licensed product in any country. We may terminate this license agreement for any reason upon a specified number of days written notice. GSK can terminate this license agreement if: 
 we are late in paying GSK any money due under the agreement and do not pay in full within a specified number of days of GSK s written demand; 

14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 we materially breach the agreement and fail to cure within a specified number of days; or 

we file for bankruptcy. 

Other Licenses 
 Regents of the University of Minnesota. In November 2014, we entered into a license agreement with Regents of the University of Minnesota (Minnesota) for the exclusive rights to Minnesota s undivided interest in intellectual property jointly owned by Minnesota and us relating to the delivery of AAV vectors to the CNS. This license was amended in November 2016 and September 2021. Under this Minnesota license agreement, as amended, we receive an exclusive license under the licensed patent rights to make, have made, use, offer to sell or sell, offer to lease or lease, import or otherwise offer to dispose or dispose of products covered by the licensed patent rights in all fields of use in any country or territory in which a licensed patent has been issued and is unexpired or a licensed patent application is pending until November 2019, after which time the field of use would be limited to all fields of use using our NAV Vectors in addition to certain additional indications and areas. Under the terms of the agreement, we are obligated to pay Minnesota upfront fees, annual maintenance fees, royalties on net sales, if any, sublicense fees and fees upon the achievement of various milestones. 
 Emory University . In August 2018, we entered into a license agreement with Emory University (Emory) for the exclusive rights to Emory s undivided interest in intellectual property jointly owned by Emory and us relating to the delivery of AAV vectors to the CNS. Under this Emory license agreement, we receive an exclusive license under the licensed patent rights to make, have made, use, import, offer to sell or sell licensed products in all fields of use in any country. Under the terms of the agreement, we are obligated to pay Emory an upfront fee, annual maintenance fees under certain circumstances, royalties on net sales, sublicense fees, and fees upon the achievement of various milestones for the first licensed product. 
 Clearside Biomedical, Inc. In August 2019, we entered into an option and license agreement with Clearside for the option to receive an exclusive, worldwide commercial license, with rights to sublicense, to Clearside s SCS Microinjector for the delivery of AAV gene therapies for the treatment of wet AMD, DR, and other conditions for which chronic anti-VEGF treatment is currently the standard of care. In October 2019, we exercised the option. This option and license agreement was amended in January 2023. Under the terms of the agreement, as amended, we are obligated to pay Clearside an upfront fee, royalties on net sales, and fees upon the achievement of various milestones. As between us and Clearside, we will be responsible for all development, regulatory and commercialization activities for our gene therapy product candidates. Clearside will be responsible for supplying the SCS Microinjector in support of our preclinical studies, clinical studies and commercial use. 
 Johns Hopkins University . In June 2022, we entered into a license agreement with Johns Hopkins University (JHU) for the exclusive rights to JHU's undivided interest in intellectual property jointly owned by JHU and us relating to suprachoroidal delivery of anti-VEGF vectors. Under this JHU license agreement, we receive an exclusive license under the licensed patent rights to make, have made, use, import, export, offer to sell and sell licensed products in all fields of use in any country. Under the terms of the agreement, we are obligated to pay JHU an upfront fee, royalties on net sales, minimum annual royalties, sublicense fees and fees upon the achievement of various milestones for the first two licensed products. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay for certain costs incurred related to the maintenance of the licensed patents. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our patent portfolio includes patents and patent applications that we own, co-own and license from third parties and covers all aspects of our NAV Technology Platform, clinical candidates and programs, formulations, devices, manufacturing and research programs. We believe this patent portfolio enables us to support our development of AAV Therapeutics to address significant unmet medical needs. 
 
 NAV Technology Platform 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio included 22 issued U.S. patents and six European patents relating to the AAV7, AAV8, AAV9 and AAVrh10 vectors and their uses. These patents have terms that will expire as late as 2026, not including patent term extensions. 
 
 Our Investigational AAV Therapeutics 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, in addition to the patents related to our NAV Technology Platform described above, our patent portfolio included a total of five issued U.S. patents, two issued European patents, five pending International Patent applications filed 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 pursuant to the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCTs) and 22 PCTs that have entered national stage relating to our product candidates, which are described below: 
 
 Retinal Diseases 
 
 In addition to our NAV Technology Platform patents covering the NAV AAV8 vector and manufacture of NAV AAV8 vectors used in our retinal disease programs, our patent portfolio includes more recent filings relating to our clinical candidate vectors, clinical protocols, routes of administration to the eye (subretinal and suprachoroidal), formulations and target diseases treated by our gene therapy vectors. 
 RGX-314: Our patent portfolio supports our clinical development and our collaboration with AbbVie for the clinical development of RGX-314. Our patent portfolio covers the use of RGX-314 for the treatment of wet AMD through subretinal or suprachoroidal administration and for the treatment of DR through suprachoroidal administration; it also covers formulations and devices used for suprachoroidal administration. 

Our patent portfolio relating to RGX-314 includes one issued U.S. patent that will expire in 2037 and seven PCTs that have entered national stage for which any issued U.S. or European patent would expire in 2037, 2038, 2039 or 2040, in each case without taking into account any possible patent term adjustment or extension. 
 RGX-381: Our patent portfolio covers RGX-381 and its use for the treatment of ocular manifestations of CLN2 disease through subretinal or suprachoroidal administration. Our patent portfolio relating to RGX-381 includes three PCTs that have entered national stage for which any issued U.S. or European patent would expire in 2038, 2039 or 2040, and one pending PCT for which any issued U.S. or European patents would expire in 2041, in each case without taking into account any possible patent term adjustment or extension. 

Neuromuscular Diseases 
 
 In addition to our NAV Technology Platform patents covering the NAV AAV8 vector and its manufacture, our patent portfolio includes more recent filings relating to RGX-202, the NAV AAV8 capsid carrying our microdystrophin construct used to treat Duchenne and the manufacture of RGX-202. Our patent portfolio also covers other AAV vectors carrying our microdystrophin transgene, as well as intravenous and other modes of administration, formulations and bioanalytical assays. 
 
 Our patent portfolio relating to RGX-202 includes three pending PCTs and two PCTs that have entered the national stage for which any issued U.S. or European patent would expire in 2040 or 2042, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustment or extension. 
 
 Neurodegenerative Diseases 
 
 In addition to our NAV Technology Platform patents covering the NAV AAV9 vector and the manufacture of NAV AAV9 vectors used in our neurodegenerative disease programs, our patent portfolio includes more recently filed patents, that cover our clinical candidate vectors, routes of administration used in our neurodegenerative disease clinical-stage programs (intracisternal administration for intrathecal delivery, as well as lumbar puncture and intraventricular administration), formulations and target diseases, including MPS II, MPS I and CLN2 disease. 
 RGX-121/111: Our patent portfolio relating to RGX-121 or RGX-111 includes one issued U.S. patent that will expire in 2037, three issued U.S. patents that will expire in 2034, one issued European patent that will expire in 2034, one issued European patent that will expire in 2036, 14 PCTs that have entered national stage and one pending PCT for which any issued U.S. or European patents would expire in 2034, 2036, 2037, 2038, 2039, 2040, 2041 or 2042, in each case without taking into account any possible patent term adjustment or extension. 

RGX-181: Our patent portfolio relating to RGX-181 includes two PCTs that have entered national stage for which any issued U.S. or European patent would expire in 2038 or 2039, and one pending PCT for which any issued U.S. or European patents would expire in 2042, in each case without taking into account any possible patent term adjustment or extension. 

16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Our patent portfolio covers aspects of our manufacturing processes which support our ability to perform large scale manufacturing, increase yield and purity of AAV vector products and meet clinical supply requirements. 
 
 Our patent portfolio also includes protection for novel validation and potency assays that further support and streamline our manufacturing processes. 
 Customers 
 Our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 consisted solely of license and royalty revenue. One customer (Novartis Gene Therapies) accounted for approximately 90 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Two customers (AbbVie and Novartis Gene Therapies) accounted for approximately 99 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. One customer (Novartis Gene Therapies) accounted for approximately 94 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. We expect future license and royalty revenue to continue to be derived from a limited number of licensees. Future license and royalty revenue is uncertain due to the contingent nature of our licenses granted to third parties and may fluctuate significantly from period to period. 
 Competition 
 We are aware of a number of companies focused on developing gene therapies in various disease indications, including 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc., Adverum Biotechnologies, Inc., Amicus Therapeutics, Inc., BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc., Homology Medicines, Inc., MeiraGTx Limited, Novartis AG, Passage Bio, Inc., PTC Therapeutics, Inc., Roche, Sanofi, Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc., Solid Biosciences, Inc., Taysha Gene Therapies, Inc., Tenaya Therapeutics, Inc. and uniQure N.V., as well as a number of companies addressing other methods for modifying genes and regulating gene expression. Additionally, we have sublicensed our NAV Technology Platform for developing gene therapies in various disease indications to our NAV Technology Licensees. Not only must we compete with other companies that are focused on gene therapy products using earlier generation AAV technology and other gene therapy platforms, but any products that we may commercialize will have to compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. 
 There are other organizations working to improve existing therapies or to develop new therapies for our initially selected disease indications. Depending on how successful these efforts are, it is possible they may increase the barriers to adoption and success for our product candidates, if approved. These efforts include the following: 
 Wet AMD. Marketed competition for wet AMD largely consists of anti-VEGF therapies developed by Roche/Genentech, Inc. (Lucentis, Susvimo, Vabysmo), Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Eylea) and Novartis (Beovu). Lucentis biosimilars (Biogen - Byooviz, Coherus Biosciences - Cimerli) are also now marketed. Companies with products in development for the treatment of wet AMD include, but may not be limited to, Adverum, Kodiak Sciences, Inc., Opthea, Outlook Therapeutics, Inc. and 4D Molecular Therapeutics. 

DR. Currently marketed anti-VEGF competition for DR with DME include Roche/Genentech (Lucentis, Vabysmo), Regeneron (Eylea) and Coherus Biosciences (Cimerli). Companies with products in development for the treatment of DR with DME include, but may not be limited to, Kodiak Sciences, Novartis, Opthea and Roche. The principal marketed anti-VEGF competition for DR without DME is Roche/Genentech (Lucentis) and Regeneron (Eylea). Companies with products in development for the treatment of DR without DME include, but may not be limited to, Kodiak Sciences, Novartis and Roche. 

DMD. There are currently three companies with marketed branded products to treat DMD. Sarepta's products (Exondys, Vyondys, Amondys), PTC Therapeutics' products (Translarna, Emflaza), and NS Pharma's product (Viltepso) are only available in select geographies. There are two principal competitive gene therapy products in clinical development from Pfizer, Inc. (PF-06939926) and Sarepta/Roche (SRP-9001). Other companies with gene therapies in early development for DMD include, but may not be limited to, Solid Biosciences, Genethon, Ultragenyx and Vertex. 

17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 MPS II. The principal marketed competition for the treatment of MPS II is a systemic enzyme replacement therapy marketed by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company, Ltd. and Sanofi (Elaprase). Two additional products are marketed in select geographies in Asia by JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Izcargo) and GC Pharma (Hunterase ICV). Companies with products in development for the treatment of MPS II include, but may not be limited to, Avrobio, Inc., Denali Therapeutics Inc., Homology Medicines, Sigilon Therapeutics, Inc. and Takeda. 

MPS I. There is one principal competitor with a marketed product for the treatment of MPS I, Sanofi (Aldurazyme). Companies with products in development for the treatment of MPS I include, but may not be limited to, JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., Orchard Therapeutics plc. and Sigilon Therapeutics, Inc. 

CLN2 Disease. There is one principal competitor with a marketed product for the treatment of CLN2 disease, BioMarin (Brineura). Companies with products in development for the treatment of CLN2 disease include, but may not be limited to, Lexeo Therapeutics, Orphion Therapeutics, Roche and Polaryx Therapeutics. 

Many of our competitors, either alone or with their strategic partners, have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than we do. Our competitors may be more successful than us in obtaining approval for treatments and achieving widespread market acceptance. Our competitors treatments may be more effective, or more effectively marketed and sold, than any treatment we may commercialize and may render our treatments obsolete or non-competitive before we can recover the expenses of developing and commercializing any of our treatments. 
 Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 
 We anticipate that we will face intense and increasing competition as new drugs and treatments enter the market and advanced technologies become available. We expect any treatments that we develop and commercialize to compete on the basis of, among other things, efficacy, safety, convenience of administration and delivery, price, level of biosimilar competition and availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. 
 Government Regulation 
 In the United States, biological products, including gene therapy products, are subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD C Act), and the Public Health Service Act (PHS Act) and other federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations. Both the FD C Act and the PHS Act and their corresponding regulations govern, among other things, the testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, packaging, storage, record keeping, distribution, reporting, advertising and other promotional practices involving biological products. Applications to the FDA are required before conducting clinical testing of biological products, and each clinical study protocol for a gene therapy product is reviewed by the FDA. 
 
 Within the FDA, the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) regulates gene therapy products. The FDA has published guidance documents related to, among other things, gene therapy products in general, their preclinical assessment, observing subjects involved in gene therapy studies for delayed adverse events, potency testing, and chemistry, manufacturing and control information in gene therapy INDs. 
 Ethical, scientific, social and legal concerns about gene therapy, genetic testing and genetic research could result in additional regulations restricting or prohibiting the processes we may use. Federal and state agencies, congressional committees and foreign governments have expressed interest in further regulating biotechnology. More restrictive regulations or claims that our products are unsafe or pose a hazard could prevent us from commercializing any products. New government requirements may be established that could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our product candidates under development. It is impossible to predict whether legislative changes will be enacted, regulations, policies or guidance changed, or interpretations by agencies or courts changed, or what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 U.S. Biological Products Development Process 
 The process required by the FDA before a biological product may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of nonclinical laboratory tests, including evaluations of product chemistry, formulations, toxicity in animal studies in accordance with good laboratory practice (GLP) and applicable requirements for the humane use of laboratory animals or other applicable regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical studies may begin; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies according to the FDA s requirements for good clinical practice (GCP) and additional requirements for the protection of human research subjects and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed biological product for its intended use; 

submission to the FDA of a BLA for marketing approval that includes substantive evidence of safety, purity, and potency from results of nonclinical testing and clinical studies, as well as information on the chemistry, manufacturing and controls to ensure product identity and quality, and proposed labeling; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biological product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product s identity, strength, quality and purity and, if applicable, the FDA s current good tissue practice (GTP), for the use of human cellular and tissue products; 

potential FDA inspection of the nonclinical and clinical study sites and the clinical study sponsor that generated the data in support of the BLA; and 

FDA review and approval, or licensure, of the BLA. 

The clinical study sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA places the clinical study on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical study can begin. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a biological product candidate at any time before or during clinical studies due to safety concerns or non-compliance. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, studies may not recommence without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. Accordingly, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical studies to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such studies. 
 Clinical studies involve the administration of the biological product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the study sponsor s control. Clinical studies are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical study, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety, including stopping rules that assure a clinical study will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol and any amendments to the protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Clinical studies must be conducted and monitored in accordance with the FDA s regulations imposing the GCP requirements, including the requirement that all research subjects provide informed consent. Further, each clinical study must be reviewed and approved by an independent institutional review board (IRB) at or servicing each institution at which the clinical study will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of study participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical studies are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the form and content of the informed consent that must be signed by each clinical study subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical study until completed. Clinical studies generally also must be reviewed by an institutional biosafety committee (IBC), a local institutional committee that reviews and oversees basic and clinical research conducted at that institution. The IBC assesses the safety of the research and identifies any potential risk to public health or the environment. Some studies also employ a Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB), which operates with independence from the study sponsor and has access to unblinded study data during the course of the study and may halt a study for ethical reasons such as undue safety risks. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Human clinical studies are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 
 Phase I. The biological product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety. However, in the case of some products for rare, severe or life-threatening diseases, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients. 

Phase II. The biological product is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule. 

Phase III. Clinical studies are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy, potency, and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical study sites. These clinical studies are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product approval and labeling. Post-approval clinical studies, sometimes referred to as Phase IV clinical studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These clinical studies are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow-up. In some cases, Phase IV studies may be required by the FDA as a condition of approval. The FDA recommends that sponsors observe subjects for potential gene therapy-related delayed adverse events for as long as 15 years. 

During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data, and clinical study investigators. Annual progress reports detailing the results of the clinical studies must be submitted to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be promptly submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events, any findings from other studies, tests in laboratory animals or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human subjects, or any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND safety report within 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for expedited reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days after the sponsor s initial receipt of the information. Phase I, Phase II and Phase III clinical studies may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor or its DSMB may suspend a clinical study at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical study at its institution if the clinical study is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the biological product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 
 Human gene therapy products are a new category of therapeutics. Because this is a relatively new and expanding area of novel therapeutic interventions, there can be no assurance as to the length of the study period, the number of patients the FDA will require to be enrolled in the studies in order to establish the safety, efficacy, purity and potency of human gene therapy products, our ability to recruit sufficient numbers of study subjects for any trial, or that the data generated in these studies will be acceptable to the FDA to support marketing approval. 
 Concurrent with clinical studies, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the physical characteristics of the biological product as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. To help reduce the risk of the introduction of adventitious agents with use of biological products, the PHS Act emphasizes the importance of manufacturing control for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of the final biological product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the biological product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 U.S. Review and Approval Processes 
 After the completion of clinical studies of a biological product, FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before commercial marketing of the biological product. The BLA must include results of product development, laboratory and animal studies, human studies, information on the manufacture and composition of the product, proposed labeling and other relevant information. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), the BLA must be accompanied by a substantial user fee payment unless an exception or waiver applies. In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), a BLA or supplement to a BLA must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the biological product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of pediatric data or full or partial waivers of pediatric requirements. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any biological product for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. The testing and approval processes require substantial time and effort and there can be no assurance that the FDA will accept the BLA for filing and, even if filed, that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the BLA. The FDA reviews the BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and potent, including whether it is effective, for its intended use, and has an acceptable purity profile, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality, potency and purity as those factors relate to the safety or effectiveness of the product. The FDA may refer applications for novel biological products or biological products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. During the biological product approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) is necessary to assure the safe use of the biological product upon marketing. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the BLA without a REMS, if required. 
 Before approving a BLA, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. For a gene therapy product, the FDA also will not approve the product if the manufacturer is not in compliance with GTP. These are FDA regulations that govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture of human cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue based products (HCT/Ps) which are human cells or tissue intended for implantation, transplant, infusion, or transfer into a human recipient. The primary intent of the GTP requirements is to ensure that cell and tissue based products are manufactured in a manner designed to prevent the introduction, transmission and spread of communicable disease. FDA regulations also require tissue establishments to register and list their HCT/Ps with the FDA and, when applicable, to evaluate donors through screening and testing. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure that the clinical studies were conducted in compliance with IND study requirements and GCP requirements. To assure cGMP, GTP and GCP compliance, an applicant must incur significant expenditure of time, money and effort in the areas of training, record keeping, production, and quality control. 
 Notwithstanding the submission of relevant data and information, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA does not satisfy its regulatory criteria for approval and deny approval. Data obtained from clinical studies are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. If the agency decides not to approve the BLA in its present form, the FDA will issue a complete response letter that usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the BLA identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical studies. Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. 
 If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. The FDA may impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing, or dispensing in the form of a REMS, or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. In addition, the FDA may require post marketing clinical studies designed to further assess a biological product s safety and effectiveness, and testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. 
 One of the performance goals agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA is to review 90 of standard BLAs in 10 months of the 60-day filing date and 90 of priority BLAs in six months of the 60-day filing date, whereupon a review decision is to be made. Two months are added to these time periods for new molecular entities. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority BLAs and its review goals are subject to change from time to time. The review process and the PDUFA goal date may be extended by three months if the FDA requests or the BLA sponsor otherwise provides additional information, or clarification regarding information already provided in the submission, constituting a major amendment to the BLA. 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biological product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is defined under the FD C Act as a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug or biological product available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 recovered from sales of the product. Orphan product designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan product designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan product designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 
 If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for that product for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug or biological product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity. Competitors, however, may receive approval of different products for the indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same product but for a different indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity. Orphan product exclusivity also could block the approval of one of our products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval of the same biological product as defined by the FDA or if our product candidate is determined to be contained within the competitor s product for the same indication or disease. If a drug or biological product designated as an orphan product receives marketing approval for an indication broader than what is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan product exclusivity. Orphan drug status in the European Union (EU) has similar, but not identical, benefits. 
 Orphan drug products are also eligible for Rare Pediatric Disease Designation if greater than 50 of patients living with the disease are under age 18. A priority review voucher will be given to the sponsor of a product with a Rare Pediatric Disease Designation at the time of product approval that is transferable to another company. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA has a Fast Track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drugs and biological products, including precision drugs or biological products, that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs and biological products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a new drug or biologic may request the FDA to designate the drug or biologic as a Fast Track product at any time during the clinical development of the product. Also under the Fast Track program, the FDA may consider for review sections of the marketing application on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the application. 
 Any product submitted to the FDA for marketing, including under a Fast Track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as Breakthrough Therapy designation, priority review, and accelerated approval. Under the Breakthrough Therapy program, products intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may be eligible for additional benefits when preliminary clinical evidence demonstrates that such product may have substantial improvement on one or more clinically significant endpoints over existing therapies. The FDA will seek to ensure the sponsor of a breakthrough therapy product receives timely advice and interactive communications to help the sponsor design and conduct a development program as efficiently as possible. In addition, gene therapies, including genetically modified cells, that lead to a durable modification of cells or tissues, may be eligible for regenerative medicine advanced therapy (RMAT) designation. Products with an RMAT designation are eligible for the benefits of Breakthrough Therapy in addition to allowing the sponsor the ability to participate in meetings with the FDA to discuss whether accelerated approval would be appropriate based on surrogate or intermediate endpoints reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit. Any product is eligible for priority review if it has the potential to provide safe and effective therapy where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition compared to marketed products. Specific priority review programs exist for material threat medical countermeasures, rare pediatric diseases and tropical diseases. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new drug or biological product designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review, in accordance with FDA guidance. Additionally, a product may be eligible for accelerated approval. Drug or biological products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may receive accelerated approval, which means that they may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical studies establishing that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an effect on a clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity. As a condition of approval, the FDA will require that a sponsor of a drug or biological product receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies to confirm the clinical benefit of the medicine. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-submission of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy or RMAT 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval. Rather, these programs are intended to expedite the development and approval process, but do not necessarily accomplish that intent. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Maintaining substantial compliance with applicable federal, state, and local statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Rigorous and extensive FDA regulation of biological products continues after approval, particularly with respect to cGMP. We will rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of any products that we may commercialize. Manufacturers of our products are required to comply with applicable requirements in the cGMP regulations, including quality control and quality assurance and maintenance of records and documentation. Other post-approval requirements applicable to biological products, include reporting of cGMP deviations that may affect the identity, strength, quality, potency, or purity of a distributed product in a manner that may impact the safety or effectiveness of the product, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse effects, reporting updated safety and efficacy information, and complying with electronic record and signature requirements. After a BLA is approved, the product also may be subject to official lot release. As part of the manufacturing process, the manufacturer is required to perform certain tests on each lot of the product before it is released for distribution. If the product is subject to official release by the FDA, the manufacturer submits samples of each lot of product to the FDA together with a release protocol showing a summary of the history of manufacture of the lot and the results of all of the manufacturer s tests performed on the lot. The FDA also may perform certain confirmatory tests on lots of some products, such as viral vaccines, before releasing the lots for distribution by the manufacturer. In addition, the FDA conducts laboratory research related to the regulatory standards on the safety, purity, potency, and effectiveness of biological products. 
 We also must comply with the FDA s advertising and promotion and related medical communication requirements, such as those related to direct-to-consumer advertising, the prohibition on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the product s approved labeling (known as off-label use ), the requirement to balance promotion information on efficacy with important safety information and limitations on use, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and promotional activities involving the internet. Discovery of previously unknown problems or the failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may result in restrictions on the marketing of a product or withdrawal of the product from the market as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant or manufacturer to administrative or judicial civil or criminal sanctions and adverse publicity. FDA sanctions could include refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, clinical hold, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, debarment, restitution, disgorgement of profits, or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Biological product manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved biological products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved BLA, including withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process or facility generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented and other types of changes to the approved product or conditions of approval, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. 
 U.S. Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of the FDA approval of the use of our product candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of a BLA plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved biological product is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may apply for restoration of patent term for one of our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical studies and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant BLA. 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 A biological product can obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted in the case of a biologic approved under a BLA, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a study. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) signed into law on March 23, 2010, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be similar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product. This amendment to the PHS Act attempts to minimize duplicative testing. Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study or studies. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product and, for products administered multiple times, the biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. However, complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structure of biological products, as well as the process by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to interchangeability approval. 
 A reference biologic is granted 12 years of exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the reference product. The first biologic product submitted under the abbreviated approval pathway that is determined to be interchangeable with the reference product has exclusivity against other biologics submitting under the abbreviated approval pathway for the lesser of (i) one year after the first commercial marketing, (ii) 18 months after approval if there is no legal challenge, (iii) 18 months after the resolution in the applicant s favor of a lawsuit challenging the biologics patents if an application has been submitted, or (iv) 42 months after the application has been approved if a lawsuit is ongoing within the 42-month period. 
 Additional Regulation 
 In addition to the foregoing, state and federal laws regarding environmental protection and hazardous substances, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservancy and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, our operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could be liable for damages and governmental fines. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and that continued compliance therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in these laws may affect our future operations. Equivalent laws have been adopted in other countries that impose similar obligations. 
 Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Regulations 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and use of pharmaceutical products that are granted marketing approval. Arrangements with third-party payors, existing or potential customers and referral sources are subject to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, and these laws and regulations may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which manufacturers market, sell and distribute the products for which they obtain marketing approval. Such restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or kind, in exchange for, or to induce, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers, on the one hand, and prescribers, patients, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. PPACA amends the intent requirement of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it; 

the federal False Claims Act (FCA), which prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent. Federal Anti-Kickback Statute violations and certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, also may implicate the FCA; 

federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected health information; and 

state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to: items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances. Many of these state and foreign laws differ from federal law and from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations may result in penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, the exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and imprisonment. Furthermore, efforts to ensure that business activities and business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations can be costly for manufacturers of branded prescription products. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and markets in other countries, sales of any product candidates for which regulatory approval for commercial sale is obtained will depend in part on the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. Third-party payors include government authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a drug product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the drug product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. Moreover, a payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. 
 Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. New metrics frequently are used as the basis for reimbursement rates, such as average sales price, average manufacturer price and actual acquisition cost. In order to obtain coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, it may be necessary to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of the products, in addition to the costs required to obtain regulatory approvals. If third-party payors do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its products at a profit. Health Technology Assessment which is intended to take account of medical, social, economic and ethical issues when determining the suitability of a medicinal product for reimbursement has increasingly become an element of the pricing and reimbursement decisions of the competent authorities in EU Member States. 
 The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid health care costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. By way of example, PPACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products, including, for example, increasing the minimum rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, extending the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care plans, addressing a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected and establishing annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal health care programs. In addition, the enactment of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) in August 2022 includes significant changes to potential Medicare drug product reimbursement through government negotiation of certain drug prices, as well as manufacturer discount and inflation rebate obligations. Adoption of government controls and 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 measures, and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceuticals. 
 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), to which we are subject, prohibits corporations and individuals from engaging in bribery and corruption when dealing with foreign government officials. It is illegal to pay, offer to pay, promise or authorize the payment of money or anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign government official, political party or political candidate in an attempt to secure an improper advantage in order to obtain or retain business or to otherwise improperly influence a foreign official in his or her official capacity. Comparable laws have been adopted in other countries that impose similar obligations. We are also subject to the FCPA s accounting provisions, which require us to keep accurate books and records and to maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to assure management s control, authority, and responsibility over our assets. The failure to comply with the FCPA and similar laws could result in civil or criminal sanctions or other adverse consequences. 
 Government Regulation Outside of the United States 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical studies and any commercial sales and distribution of our products. Because biologically sourced raw materials are subject to unique contamination risks, their use may be restricted in some countries. 
 Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical studies or marketing of the product in those countries. Many countries outside of the United States have a similar process that requires the submission of a clinical study application much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical studies. In the EU, for example, clinical trials are governed by the new EU Regulation on Clinical Trials (Reg. EU No. 536/2014), or CTR, which became applicable in January 2022 and stipulates the process of obtaining competent authority approval for clinical trials in the EU. Under the CTR, trial sponsors submit their application for approval via an EU Portal. The approvals will still need to be granted by the competent authorities of the EU Member States where a trial takes place; however, the procedure for approval will be conducted in a coordinated manner among the concerned EU Member States as provided under the CTR. While the process for the application and granting of the approvals was streamlined, it remains a complex process that can significantly delay the start of a multinational clinical trial. 
 To obtain regulatory approval of a biological medicinal product under EU regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application. The grant of marketing authorization in the EU for products containing viable human tissues or cells such as gene therapy medicinal products is governed by Regulation 1394/2007/EC on advanced therapy medicinal products, read in combination with Directive 2001/83/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, commonly known as the Community code on medicinal products and Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 March 2004 laying down Community procedures for the authorization and supervision of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing the EMA, commonly referred to as the EMA Regulation. Regulation 1394/2007/EC lays down specific rules concerning the authorization, supervision and pharmacovigilance of gene therapy medicinal products, somatic cell therapy medicinal products and tissue engineered products. The EMA s Committee for Advanced Therapies (CAT) is responsible for assessing the quality, safety and efficacy of ATMP. ATMP include gene therapy medicinal products, somatic cell therapy medicinal products and tissue engineered products. The role of the CAT is to prepare a draft opinion on an application for marketing authorization for an ATMP candidate that is submitted to the EMA. The EMA then provides a final opinion regarding the application for marketing authorization. The European Commission grants or refuses marketing authorization after the EMA has delivered its opinion. 
 Innovative medicinal products are authorized in the EU on the basis of a full marketing authorization application (as opposed to an application for marketing authorization that relies, in whole or in part, on data in the marketing authorization dossier for another, previously approved medicinal product). Applications for marketing authorization for innovative medicinal products must contain the results of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical trials conducted with the medicinal product for which marketing authorization is sought. Innovative medicinal products for which marketing authorization is granted are entitled to eight years of data exclusivity. During this period, applicants for approval of generics or biosimilars of these innovative products cannot rely on data contained in the marketing authorization dossier submitted for the innovative medicinal product to support their application. Innovative medicinal products for which marketing authorization is granted are also entitled to ten years of market exclusivity. During these ten years of market exclusivity, no generic or biosimilar medicinal product may be placed on the EU market even if a marketing authorization application for approval of a generic or biosimilar of the innovative product has been submitted to the EMA or to the competent regulatory authorities in the EU Member States and marketing authorization has been granted. The ten years of market exclusivity will be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. However, there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EU s regulatory authorities to be an innovative medicinal product which is eligible for the relevant periods of data and market exclusivity. 
 Products authorized as orphan medicinal products in the EU are entitled to benefits additional to those granted in relation to innovative medicinal products. In accordance with Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No. 141/2000 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 1999 on orphan medicinal products, a medicinal product may be designated as an orphan medicinal product if (i) it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition; (ii) either (a) such condition affects no more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made, or (b) the product, without the incentives derived from orphan medicinal product status, would not generate sufficient return in the EU to justify investment; and (iii) there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition authorized for marketing in the EU, or if such a method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition. Further guidance on such criteria is provided in European Commission Regulation (EC) No. 847/2000 of 27 April 2000 laying down the provisions for implementation of the criteria for designation of a medicinal product as an orphan medicinal product and definitions of the concepts similar medicinal product and clinical superiority . Orphan medicinal products are eligible for financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and following grant of a marketing authorization, the EMA and the EU Member States competent authorities are not permitted to accept another application for a marketing authorization, or grant a marketing authorization or accept an application to extend an existing marketing authorization, for the same therapeutic indication of a similar medicinal product for ten years following grant or authorization. The application for orphan drug designation must be submitted before the application for marketing authorization. The applicant may receive a fee reduction for the marketing authorization application if the orphan drug designation has been granted, but not if the designation is still pending at the time the marketing authorization is submitted. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 
 The 10-year market exclusivity that an orphan drug enjoys may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation, for example, if the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Additionally, marketing authorization may be granted to a similar product during the 10-year period of market exclusivity for the same therapeutic indication at any time if: 
 The second applicant can establish in its application that its product, although similar to the orphan medicinal product already authorized, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior; 

The holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application; or 

The holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product. 

Similar to obligations imposed in the United States, medicinal products authorized in the EU may be subject to post-authorization obligations, including the obligation to conduct Post Marketing Safety Studies (PASS) or Post Marketing Efficacy Studies (PAES). 
 Reimbursement for medicinal products is still an area that is not harmonized in the EU and is largely governed by EU Member States laws. However, there are some EU level legal frameworks that must be taken into account, including Council Directive 89/105/EEC (the Price Transparency Directive). The aim of the Price Transparency Directive is to ensure that pricing and reimbursement mechanisms established in EU Member States are transparent and objective, do not hinder the free movement and trade of medicinal products in the EU and do not hinder, prevent or distort competition on the market. The Price Transparency Directive does not, however, provide any guidance concerning the specific criteria on the basis of which pricing and reimbursement decisions are to be made in individual EU Member States. Neither does it have any direct consequence for pricing or levels of reimbursement in individual EU Member States. The national authorities of the individual EU Member States are free to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices and/or reimbursement of medicinal products for human use. Individual EU Member States adopt policies according to which a specific price or level of reimbursement is approved for the medicinal product. Other EU Member States adopt a system of reference pricing, basing the price or reimbursement level in their territory either, on the pricing and reimbursement levels in other countries, or on the pricing and reimbursement levels of medicinal products intended for the same therapeutic indication. Furthermore, some EU Member States impose direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. 
 In 2011, Directive 2011/24/EU was adopted at the EU level. This Directive concerns the application of patients rights in cross-border healthcare. The Directive is intended to establish rules for facilitating access to safe and high-quality cross-border healthcare in the EU. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Health Technology Assessment (HTA) of medicinal products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in some EU Member States. HTA is the procedure according to which the assessment of the public health impact, therapeutic impact and the economic and societal impact of the use of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country is conducted. HTA generally focuses on the clinical efficacy and effectiveness, safety, cost, and cost-effectiveness of individual medicinal products as well as their potential implications for the national healthcare system. Those elements of medicinal products are compared with other treatment options available on the market. 
 The outcome of HTA may influence the pricing and reimbursement status for specific medicinal products within individual EU member states. The extent to which pricing and reimbursement decisions are influenced by the HTA of a specific medicinal product vary between the EU Member States. 
 A new Regulation on HTA on EU level was adopted in December 2021: Regulation (EU) 2021/2282 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2021 on health technology assessment and amending Directive 2011/24/EU (the HTA Regulation). The HTA Regulation covers new medicines and certain new medical devices. Member states will be able to use common HTA tools, methodologies and procedures across the EU, working together in four main areas: (i) joint clinical assessments focusing on the most innovative health technologies with the most potential impact for patients; (ii) joint scientific consultations whereby developers can seek advice from HTA authorities; (iii) identification of emerging health technologies to identify promising technologies early; and (iv) continuing voluntary cooperation in other areas. Individual member states will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technology, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement. The HTA Regulation will become applicable in January 2025. For other countries outside of the EU, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical studies, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical studies are conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 The United Kingdom (UK) formally left the EU on January 31, 2020 and a transitional period applied until the UK s withdrawal from the EU became fully effective on December 31, 2020. As of January 1, 2021, the UK is a third country with respect to the EU (subject to the terms of the EU UK Trade Agreement), and EU law ceased to apply directly in the UK. However, the UK has retained the EU regulatory regime with certain modifications as standalone UK legislation. Therefore, the UK regulatory regime is currently similar to EU regulations, but under proposed legislation, the Medicines and Medical Devices Act, the UK may adopt changed regulations that may diverge from the EU legislative regime for medicines, including their research, development and commercialization, and has issued a consultation document with respect to future changes. For a two-year period, which started in January 2021, the UK has adopted transitional provisions that apply to the importation of medicines into the UK and decision reliance procedures with respect to certain EMA marketing authorization application procedures. 
 If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of February 23, 2023, we employed 401 full-time employees, of which 322 were engaged in research and development activities, including preclinical, manufacturing and clinical study related functions, and 79 were engaged in general administrative activities, including commercial, corporate development, finance, legal, human resources, information technology, facilities and other general and administrative functions. We have never had a work stoppage, and none of our employees are represented by a labor organization or under any collective bargaining arrangements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 Talent, Growth and Retention 
 We appreciate the importance of retention, growth and development of our employees. We seek and value employees who have substantial experience in the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of innovative therapies in a complex regulatory environment. For certain key functions, especially in research and development and manufacturing activities, we require specialized scientific and gene therapy expertise. To attract and retain the talent we require, we believe we offer competitive compensation, including salary, cash incentive awards and equity awards, along with competitive benefits packages, including medical, dental, vision and life insurance, flexible spending accounts, short- and long-term disability and matching contributions to a 401(k) tax-deferred savings plan. All full-time employees are eligible to participate in the same health and welfare and retirement savings plans. Additionally, we provide professional development programs and on-demand learning opportunities to cultivate talent at all levels throughout our company. 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which is integral to our mission of improving lives through the curative potential of gene therapy. We are firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and aim for appropriate representation of gender, race and ethnicity at every level of our company. We have emphasized diversity, equity and inclusion as part of our company culture, as set out in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and we are determined to support further progress in this area. 
 Health and Safety 
 We prioritize the health and safety of our employees and have implemented policies to minimize the spread of COVID-19 in our workplace. At various times during the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented work-from-home policies for all employees who are not essential to be onsite, as well as policies relating to testing, vaccination, facial coverings, social distancing and contact tracing. Additionally, we have provided employees with resources to help persevere through the pandemic, including work-from-home technology packages and personal protective equipment. 
 Available Information 
 Our principal offices are located at 9804 Medical Center Drive, Rockville, MD 20850, and our telephone number is (240) 552-8181. Our website address is www.regenxbio.com. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other documents with the SEC under the Exchange Act. You may obtain any reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that we file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 You also may view and download copies of our SEC filings free of charge at our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Investors should also note that we use our website, as well as SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts, to announce financial information and other material developments regarding our business. We use these channels, as well as any social media channels listed on our website, to communicate with investors and members of the public about our business. It is possible that the information that we post on our social media channels could be deemed material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to review the information that we post on our social media channels. 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTOR S 
 You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings in evaluating our business. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, these risks could cause actual results and developments to differ materially and adversely from those projected in the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (please read the Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements appearing at the beginning of this Form 10-K). Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Risks Related to Our NAV Technology Platform and the Development of Our Product Candidates 
 It is difficult to predict the time and cost of development and of obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates. 

Our business depends substantially on the success of our lead product candidates. 

We have limited clinical results for most of our product candidates. 

Regulatory authorities may not consider the endpoints of our clinical trials to provide clinically meaningful results. 

The results from our preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates may not support as broad a marketing approval as we seek, and we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials or evaluate subjects for a follow-up period. 

We may encounter substantial delays in our planned clinical trials, or we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. 

Undesirable side effects may delay or prevent our product candidates and those of our licensees or collaborators from obtaining regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences following approval. 

We cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may affect our business, operations and preclinical and clinical development timelines and plans. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position 
 We face significant competition and there is a possibility that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before us or develop products that are safer, less expensive or more convenient or effective than ours. 

We expect to normally incur losses for the foreseeable future and may never again achieve or maintain profitability. 

Failure to obtain additional funding when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate certain of our licensing activities, product development efforts or other operations. 

We have never generated revenue from sales of our product candidates and may never do so in the future. 

Risks Related to Third Parties 
 If third parties do not meet our deadlines, our preclinical and clinical development programs could be delayed or unsuccessful. 

If our licensing arrangements or collaborations are not successful, our business could be harmed. 

Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 

Risks Related to Manufacturing 
 Products intended for use in gene therapies are novel, complex and difficult to manufacture. 

30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Delays in obtaining regulatory approval of our manufacturing process or disruptions in our manufacturing process may delay or disrupt our commercialization efforts. 

Third parties we rely upon to conduct our product manufacturing may not perform satisfactorily. 

We are required to comply with ongoing manufacturing regulatory requirements. 

Risks Related to the Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, if approved, we may be unable to generate any product revenue. 

We may not achieve our projected development goals in the timeframes we announce and expect. 

Even if we receive regulatory approval, we still may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

Failure to obtain or maintain adequate insurance coverage and reimbursement for our products, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate product revenue. 

Government price controls could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for any of our products, if approved. 

Risks Related to Our Business Operations 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to identify or discover additional product candidates. 

Our future success depends on our ability to retain key employees, consultants and advisors and to attract qualified personnel. 

We may face liability for our conduct and that of our employees, principal investigators, consultants or commercial partners. 

We may face product liability lawsuits. 

We could become subject to fines or penalties related to the failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws. 

We and our collaborators or other contractors or consultants may suffer cybersecurity breaches. 

Our customers are concentrated and therefore the loss of a significant customer may harm our business. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Our intellectual property rights may be limited by the terms and conditions of licenses granted to us by others. 

We must obtain and maintain patent protection for our products and technology to protect our intellectual property rights. 

Our intellectual property licenses with third parties may be subject to disagreements. 

We are required to comply with the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties. 

We may not be successful in obtaining necessary rights to our product candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights in the United States and throughout the world. 

Issued patents covering our NAV Technology Platform or our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable. 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. 

We may be subject to intellectual property claims. 

Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 

We may be unable to obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for our product candidates. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our operating results are difficult to predict and could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. 

31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. 

Future acquisitions or strategic partnerships may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities and subject us to other risks. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control. 

Our certificate of incorporation includes exclusive forum clauses for certain litigation. 

Our business could be negatively affected as a result of the actions of activist stockholders. 

Risks Related to our NAV Technology Platform and the Development of Our Product Candidates 
 Our gene therapy product candidates are based on a novel technology that makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of development and of subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. Only a few gene therapy products have been approved in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere. 
 We have concentrated our research and development efforts on our proprietary AAV gene delivery platform (our NAV Technology Platform), and we have granted licenses to certain intellectual property related to our NAV Technology Platform to our NAV Technology Licensees. Our future success depends on our and our NAV Technology Licensees successful development and commercialization of viable gene therapy product candidates. There can be no assurance that we or our NAV Technology Licensees will not experience problems or delays in developing current or future product candidates or that such problems or delays will not cause unanticipated costs, or that any such development problems can be solved. We also may experience unanticipated problems or delays in expanding our manufacturing capacity, and this may prevent us from completing our clinical trials, meeting the obligations of our collaborations or commercializing our products on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. For example, we, a partner or another group may uncover one or more previously unknown risks associated with AAV or our NAV Technology Platform, and this may prolong the period of observation required for obtaining regulatory approval, necessitate additional clinical testing or invalidate our NAV Technology. 
 In addition, the clinical trial requirements of the FDA, the EMA and other regulatory authorities and the criteria these regulators use to determine the quality, safety and efficacy of a product candidate vary substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use and market of such product candidates. The regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as ours can be significantly more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or more extensively studied product candidates. Only a few gene therapy products have been approved in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere. It is difficult to determine how long it will take or how much it will cost to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere, or how long it will take to commercialize our product candidates, if approved. Furthermore, approvals by one regulatory authority may not be indicative of what other regulatory authorities may require for approval, and approvals of ex vivo gene therapy products may not be indicative of what may be required for approval of in vivo gene therapy products. 
 Regulatory requirements governing gene and cell therapy products have changed frequently and may continue to change in the future. Additionally, we may seek regulatory approval in territories outside the United States and the European Union, which may have their own regulatory authorities along with frequently changing requirements or guidelines. The regulatory review committees and advisory groups in the United States, the European Union and elsewhere, and any new guidelines they promulgate, may lengthen the regulatory review process, require us to perform additional studies, increase our development costs, lead to changes in regulatory positions and interpretations, delay or prevent approval and commercialization of our product candidates or lead to significant post-approval limitations or restrictions. As we advance our product candidates, we will be required to consult with these regulatory and advisory groups, and comply with applicable guidelines. If we fail to do so, we may be required to delay or discontinue development of certain of our product candidates. These additional processes may result in a review and approval process that is longer than we otherwise would have expected. Delay or failure to obtain, or unexpected costs in obtaining, the regulatory approval necessary to bring a potential product to market could decrease our ability to generate product revenue, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be materially harmed. 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our business depends substantially on the success of our lead product candidates. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize , our lead product candidates, our business will be materially harmed. 
 Several of our lead product candidates are in the early stages of development and all of our lead product candidates will require substantial clinical development and testing, manufacturing bridging studies and process validation and regulatory approval prior to commercialization. Successful continued development and ultimate regulatory approval of our lead product candidates is critical for our future business success and our ability to generate product revenue. We have invested, and will continue to invest, a significant portion of our financial resources in the development of our lead product candidates. We will need to raise sufficient funds for, and successfully complete, our clinical trials of our lead product candidates in appropriate subjects. The future regulatory and commercial success of these product candidates is subject to a number of risks, including the following: 
 we may not have sufficient financial and other resources or patient availability to complete the necessary clinical trials for our lead product candidates ; 

we may not be able to provide evidence of quality, efficacy and safety for our lead product candidates ; 

we do not know the degree to which our lead product candidates will be accepted by patients, the medical community and third-party payors as a therapy for the respective diseases to which they relate, even if approved ; 

the results of our clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory bodies for marketing approval, and modifications to the design of our clinical trials could delay their enrollment, commencement or completion ; 

subjects in our clinical trials may die or suffer other adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related to our lead product candidates ; 

subjects in clinical trials undertaken by our licensees or collaborators, or undertaken by others using AAV, may die or suffer other adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related to our NAV Technology Platform or AAV ; 

certain patients immune systems might prohibit the successful delivery of certain gene therapy products to the target tissue, thereby limiting the treatment outcomes ; 

we may not successfully establish commercial manufacturing capabilities; 

if approved for treatment of the expected conditions, our lead product candidates will likely compete with other treatments then available, including the off-label use of products already approved for marketing and other therapies currently available or which may be developed ; 

our products and products developed by our licensees and collaborators may not maintain a continued acceptable safety profile following regulatory approval ; 

we may not maintain compliance with post-approval regulation and other requirements ; and 

we may not be able to obtain, maintain or enforce our rights under our licensed patents and other intellectual property rights . 

Of the large number of biologics and drugs in development in the biopharmaceutical industry, only a small percentage result in the submission of a BLA to the FDA or marketing authorization application (MAA) to the EMA and even fewer are approved for commercialization. Due to several of the risk factors identified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we may not achieve our goal to have multiple AAV vector-based gene therapies that are approved or in pivotal trials through our internal and partnered programs by the end of 2025. Furthermore, even if we do receive regulatory approval to market our lead product candidates, any such approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which we may market the product. Accordingly, even if we are able to obtain the requisite financing to continue to fund our development programs, we cannot assure you that our lead product candidates will be successfully developed or commercialized. If we or any of our future development partners are unable to develop, or obtain regulatory approval for, or, if approved, successfully commercialize, our lead product candidates, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to continue our business. 
 We have limited clinical results for most of our product candidates and success in preclinical studies or early clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained in later trials. 
 Gene therapy development has inherent risks. Most of our lead product candidates have limited clinical and preclinical results and we may experience unexpected results in the future. We or any of our future development partners will be required to demonstrate through adequate and well-controlled clinical trials that our product candidates containing our proprietary vectors are safe and effective, with a favorable benefit-risk profile, for use in their target indications before we can seek regulatory approvals for their 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 commercial sale. Drug development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and delay or failure can occur at any stage of development, including after commencement of any of our clinical trials. 
 The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials are not always predictive of future results. Any product candidate we or any of our future development partners advance into clinical trials, including our lead product candidates, may not have favorable results in later clinical trials, if any, or receive regulatory approval. There is a high failure rate for drugs and biologic products proceeding through clinical trials. Data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are subject to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition, we may experience regulatory delays or rejections as a result of many factors, including due to changes in regulatory policy during the period of our product candidate development. Any such delays could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Because we are developing product candidates for the treatment of certain diseases in which there is little clinical experience and we are using new endpoints and methodologies, there is increased risk that the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities may not consider the endpoints of our clinical trials to provide clinically meaningful results and that these results may be difficult to analyze. 
 During the FDA review process, we will need to identify success criteria and endpoints such that the FDA will be able to determine the clinical efficacy and safety profile of our product candidates. As we are developing novel treatments for diseases in which there is little clinical experience with new endpoints and methodologies, there is heightened risk that the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory bodies may not consider the clinical trial endpoints to provide clinically meaningful results (reflecting a tangible benefit to patients). In addition, the resulting clinical data and results may be difficult to analyze. Even if the FDA does find our success criteria to be sufficiently validated and clinically meaningful, we may not achieve the pre-specified endpoints to a degree of statistical significance. Further, even if we do achieve the pre-specified criteria, we may produce results that are unpredictable or inconsistent with the results of the non-primary endpoints or other relevant data. The FDA also weighs the benefits of a product against its risks, and the FDA may view the efficacy results in the context of safety as not being supportive of regulatory approval. The EMA and other regulatory authorities in the European Union and other countries may make similar comments with respect to these endpoints and data. 
 The results from our preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates may not support as broad a marketing approval as we seek, and the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities may require us to conduct additional clinical trials or evaluate subjects for an additional follow-up period. 
 While we believe our product candidates should be applicable for the treatment of patients with certain conditions, the results from our preclinical and planned clinical trials may not support as broad of a marketing approval as we seek. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we may be required by the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory bodies to conduct additional clinical trials to support approval of our product candidates for patients diagnosed with different mutations of the respective diseases to which our product candidates relate. This could result in our experiencing significant increases in costs and substantial delays in obtaining, or never obtaining, marketing approval for our product candidates to treat patients. The inability to market our product candidates to treat patients for the intended indications would materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may encounter substantial delays in our planned clinical trials, or we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. 
 Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates. Clinical testing is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent successful or timely commencement and completion of preclinical and clinical development include: 
 delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory authorities on trial design; 

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites; 

delays in opening clinical trial sites or obtaining required institutional review board or independent Ethics Committee approval at each clinical trial site; 

delays in recruiting and enrolling suitable subjects to participate in our clinical trials, due to factors such as the size of the subject population, process for identifying subjects, design of protocols, eligibility and exclusive criteria, perceived risks and benefits of the relevant product candidate or gene therapy generally, availability of competing therapies and trials, 

34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 severity of the disease under investigation, need and length of time required to discontinue other potential therapies, availability of genetic testing, availability and proximity of trial sites for prospective subjects, ability to obtain subject consent and referral practices of physicians; 

imposition of a clinical hold by regulatory authorities, including as a result of a serious adverse event or after an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites; 

failure by us, any CROs we engage or any other third parties to adhere to clinical trial requirements; 

failure to perform in accordance with GCP, or applicable regulatory guidelines in the European Union and other countries; 

delays in the testing, validation, manufacturing and delivery of our product candidates to the clinical sites, including delays by third parties with whom we have contracted to perform; 

delays in having subjects complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

clinical trial sites or subjects dropping out of a trial; 

selection of clinical endpoints that require prolonged periods of clinical observation or analysis of the resulting data; 

occurrence of serious adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; 

occurrence of serious adverse events in trials of the same class of agents conducted by other sponsors; or 

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols. 

Any inability to successfully complete research studies and preclinical and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenues from product sales, regulatory and commercialization milestones and royalties. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we may need to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates, if approved, and may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Additionally, if the results of our planned clinical trials are inconclusive or if there are safety concerns or serious adverse events associated with our product candidates, we may: 
 be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates, if at all; 

obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; 

obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings; 

be subject to changes in the way the product is administered; 

be required to perform additional clinical trials to support approval or be subject to additional post-marketing testing or other requirements; 

have regulatory authorities withdraw, vary or suspend their approval of the product or impose restrictions on its distribution in the form of a modified risk evaluation and mitigation; 

be subject to the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications; 

be sued; or 

experience damage to our reputation. 

Our NAV Technology Platform, our product candidates or our licensees or collaborators product candidates, and the process for administering such product candidates, may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent regulatory approval of product candidates, limit the commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences following any potential marketing approval. 
 There have been several significant adverse side effects in gene therapy treatments in the past, including reported cases of leukemia in trials using lentivirus vectors and death seen in trials sponsored by other companies using adenovirus vectors and AAV vectors, including NAV vectors. Gene therapy is still a relatively new approach to disease treatment and additional adverse side 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 effects could develop. There also is the potential risk of delayed adverse events following exposure to gene therapy products due to persistent biologic activity of the genetic material or other components of products used to carry the genetic material. Possible adverse side effects that could occur with treatment with gene therapy products include an immunologic reaction early after administration which could substantially limit the effectiveness of the treatment. In previous clinical trials involving AAV vectors for gene therapy, some subjects experienced the development of a T-cell response, whereby after the vector is within the target cell, the cellular immune response system triggers the removal of transduced cells by activated T-cells. Furthermore, in clinical trials sponsored by other companies involving AAV vectors administered intravitreally for the treatment of retinal conditions, serious adverse reactions, such as panuveitis and loss of vision, have occurred. In addition to side effects caused by product candidates, the administration process or related procedures also can cause adverse side effects. If any such adverse events occur in our or third party trials, our clinical trials could be suspended or terminated. 
 As a result of these concerns, we may decide, or the FDA, the European Commission, the EMA or other regulatory authorities could order us, to halt, delay or amend preclinical development or clinical development of our product candidates or we may be unable to receive regulatory approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Even if we are able to demonstrate that all future serious adverse events are not product-related, such occurrences could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial. Moreover, if we elect, or are required, to delay, suspend or terminate any clinical trial of any of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of such product candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates may be delayed or eliminated. Any of these occurrences may harm our ability to develop other product candidates and may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 Additionally, if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, the FDA could require us to adopt a REMS and other regulatory authorities could impose other specific obligations as a condition of approval to ensure that the benefits of our product candidates outweigh their risks, which could delay approval of our product candidates. A REMS may include, among other things, a medication guide outlining the risks of the product for distribution to patients; a communication plan to health care practitioners or patients; and elements to assure safe use, which can severely restrict the distribution of a product by, for example, requiring that health care providers receive particular training and obtain special certification prior to prescribing and dispensing the product, limiting the healthcare settings in which the product may be dispensed and subjecting patients to monitoring and enrollment in a registry. If the FDA requires us to adopt a REMS for our products and we are unable to comply with its requirements, the FDA may deem our products to be misbranded and we may be subject to civil money penalties. The European Commission, the EMA and other regulatory authorities may, following grant of marketing authorization in their territory, impose similar obligations. 
 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of our NAV Technology Platform and our product candidates and could materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, we cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate in the United States or elsewhere, and the approval may be for a narrower indication than we seek. 
 We cannot commercialize a product candidate until the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved the product candidate. Even if our product candidates meet their safety and efficacy endpoints in clinical trials, the regulatory authorities may not complete their review processes in a timely manner or we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval. Additional delays may result if an FDA Advisory Committee or other regulatory authority recommends non-approval or restrictions on approval. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based on additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action or based on changes in regulatory authority policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and the review process. 
 Regulatory authorities also may approve a product candidate for more limited indications than requested or they may impose significant limitations in the form of narrow indications, warnings or a REMS. These regulatory authorities may require precautions or contra-indications with respect to conditions of use or they may grant approval subject to the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, regulatory authorities may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates and materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Further, the regulatory authorities may require concurrent approval or the CE mark (a mandatory conformity assessment marking for certain products sold within the European Economic Area (the EEA)) of a companion diagnostic device, since it may be necessary to use FDA-cleared or FDA-approved, or CE-marked, diagnostic tests or diagnostic tests approved by other comparable foreign regulatory authorities to diagnose patients or to assure the safe and effective use of our product candidates in trial subjects. FDA refers to such tests as in vitro companion diagnostic devices. The FDA has articulated a policy position that, when safe and 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 effective use of a therapeutic product depends on a diagnostic device, the FDA generally will require approval or clearance of the companion diagnostic device at the same time that the FDA approves the therapeutic product. The FDA s guidance allows for two exceptions to the general rule of concurrent drug/device approval, namely, when the therapeutic product is intended to treat serious and life-threatening conditions for which no alternative exists, and when a serious safety issue arises for an approved therapeutic agent, and no FDA-cleared or FDA-approved companion diagnostic test is yet available. It is unclear how the FDA will apply this policy to our current or future gene therapy product candidates. Should the FDA deem genetic tests used for diagnosing patients for our therapies to be in vitro companion diagnostics requiring FDA clearance or approval, we may face significant delays or obstacles in obtaining approval of a BLA for our product candidates. 
 In the European Union, companion diagnostics are subject to the European Union Directive on in vitro diagnostic medical devices and its implementation in the European Union Member States. Recently revised European Union laws on in vitro diagnostics applied beginning in 2022, which provide for stricter requirements for in vitro diagnostic medical devices and impose additional obligations on manufacturers of in vitro diagnostic medical devices that may impact the development and authorization of our product candidates in the European Union. For example, the new regulation extends the requirement for performance assessment procedures and requires greater involvement of notified bodies in the development of in vitro diagnostic medical devices. This may result in additional regulatory and premarket requirements to market new in vitro diagnostic medical devices. Companies producing in vitro diagnostic medical devices will be required to have a responsible person to oversee regulatory compliance. In addition, the new regulation introduces risk classification of in vitro diagnostic medical devices and significantly increases the number of products that will be subject to stricter regulation. It also introduces the requirement to involve a notified body in the conformity assessment procedure. 
 Approval of a product candidate in the United States by the FDA does not ensure approval of such product candidate by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA. Sales of our product candidates outside of the United States will be subject to foreign regulatory requirements governing clinical trials and marketing approval. Even if the FDA grants marketing approval for a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries also must approve the manufacturing and marketing of the product candidates in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and more onerous than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials. In many countries outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products, if approved, is also subject to approval. We intend to submit a marketing authorization application to EMA for approval of our product candidates by the European Commission in the European Union. However, obtaining such approval from the European Commission following the opinion of EMA is a lengthy and expensive process. Additionally, the approval procedures in the UK for our product candidates may be uncertain following the UK s exit from the European Union. 
 Even if a product candidate is approved, the FDA or the European Commission, as the case may be, may limit the indications for which the product may be marketed, require extensive warnings on the product labeling or require expensive and time-consuming additional clinical trials or reporting as conditions of approval. Regulatory authorities in countries outside of the United States and the European Union also have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those countries. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our product candidates in certain countries. 
 Further, clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries. Also, regulatory approval for any of our product candidates may be withdrawn. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be harmed. 
 Our business, operations and preclinical and clinical development timelines and plans could be adversely affected by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including further resurgences or multiple waves of infections, and other public health crises. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and other public health crises in regions where we have clinical trial sites or other business operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and preclinical and clinical development timelines and plans, and could significantly constrain or disrupt the operations of third parties upon which we rely, including contract research organizations (CROs) and contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs). In addition, if the business and operations of our licensees are adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, our revenues could in turn be adversely affected. We are proactively taking measures to mitigate or reduce any adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the progress of our clinical trials and other business initiatives. 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have experienced an increase in remote working during the COVID-19 pandemic, which may result in increased cybersecurity, privacy and fraud risks. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused delays to our clinical trials and may further delay or prevent us from proceeding with our clinical trials. Some subjects have been, and may continue to be, disinterested in participating in trials with regular follow-up visits during a pandemic, and some subjects have been, and may continue to be, unable or unwilling to comply with clinical trial protocols. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic may impact our ability to procure resources, raw materials or components necessary for our research studies, preclinical and clinical development, manufacturing and supply chain, and prices have escalated due to limited supplies of such resources, raw materials and components. For instance, our supply chain may be disrupted or our CMOs may be required to dedicate their facilities, personnel and resources to support vaccine production, which could lead to reduced inventory and delays to our clinical trials. Additionally, required inspections and reviews by regulatory authorities may be delayed due to a focus of resources on COVID-19 as well as continued travel and other restrictions. Significant delays in the timing and completion of our research studies and preclinical and clinical development would increase our costs and could adversely affect our ability to obtain marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the commercialization of our product candidates. Further, meetings with regulatory authorities that would be important in progressing our programs may be delayed or impeded in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Scientific and economic analyses of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the expected impact of variants, vaccinations and therapeutics, continue to evolve and we will continue to monitor the situation closely. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and other public health crises is highly unpredictable and subject to change. We are not yet certain about the full extent of the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business, operations and preclinical and clinical development. To the extent COVID-19 adversely affects our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as global economic conditions more generally, it may also heighten many of the other risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological change and there is a possibility that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before us or develop products that are safer, less expensive or more convenient or effective than ours, which may harm our financial condition and our ability to successfully market or commercialize our product candidates. 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including the gene therapy field, are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, significant competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. We face substantial competition from many different sources, including large and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions, government agencies and public and private research institutions. 
 We are aware of a number of companies focused on developing gene therapies in various indications, as well as a number of companies addressing other methods for modifying genes and regulating gene expression. Any advances in gene therapy technology made by a competitor may be used to develop therapies that could compete against any of our product candidates. 
 Many of our potential competitors, alone or with their strategic partners, have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development, clinical, marketing and manufacturing organizations. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of competitors. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly or earlier than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Additionally, technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing our product candidates against those of competitors. The availability of our competitors products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for any products that we may develop and commercialize. 
 Even though we have obtained orphan drug exclusivity for certain product candidates, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product candidate from competition because the FDA may subsequently approve another drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the latter drug is not the same drug or is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. In the European Union, marketing authorization may be granted to a similar medicinal product for the same orphan indication if: 
 the second applicant can establish in its application that its medicinal product, although similar to the orphan medicinal product already authorized, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior 

38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application or 

the holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product cannot supply sufficient quantities of orphan medicinal product. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position 
 We have incurred cumulative net losses and have had few profitable quarters since inception. We expect to regularly incur losses and may never again achieve or maintain profitability. 
 Since inception, we have incurred cumulative net losses. We have historically financed our operations primarily through private and public offerings of our equity securities, collaborations and licensing rights to our NAV Technology Platform, including milestone payments and royalties from our NAV Technology Licensees. We have devoted substantially all of our efforts to research and development, including preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates, and licensing our NAV Technology Platform, as well as to building out our team. We expect that it could be several years, if ever, before we commercialize a product candidate. We license certain intellectual property related to our NAV Technology Platform to our NAV Technology Licensees and collaborators. Our NAV Technology Licensees and collaborators have multiple preclinical studies and clinical trials in progress. However, only one gene therapy product based on our licensing program, Novartis AG s Zolgensma, has been approved or commercialized. Other than revenue in connection with sales of Zolgensma, we may generate only limited recurring revenue in the near term from our current NAV Technology Licensees and collaborators. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and regularly incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: 
 continue our research studies and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates, including our lead product candidates; 

initiate additional preclinical studies and clinical trials for our lead product candidates and future product candidates, if any; 

initiate additional activities relating to manufacturing, including building out additional laboratory and manufacturing capacity; 

seek to identify additional product candidates; 

prepare our BLA and MAA for our lead product candidates and seek marketing approvals for any of our other product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials, if any; 

further develop our NAV Technology Platform; 

establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval, if any; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio and enforce our intellectual property rights; and 

acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 

For us to become consistently profitable, we and our licensees and collaborators must develop and commercialize product candidates with significant market potential. This will require us and our licensees and collaborators to be successful in a range of business challenges, including expansion of the licensing of our NAV Technology Platform, completing preclinical studies of product candidates, commencing and completing clinical trials of product candidates, obtaining marketing approval for these product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling those products for which we may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any post-marketing requirements. We may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if we do, we may never consistently generate revenues that are sufficient to achieve profitability, and we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become consistently profitable and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company also could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We may need to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate certain of our licensing activities, product development efforts or other operations. 
 We expect to require substantial future capital in order to complete research studies, preclinical and clinical development for our current product candidates and any future product candidates, and potentially commercialize these product candidates, if approved. We expect our spending levels to increase in connection with our preclinical and clinical trials of our product candidates. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant expenses related to product sales, medical affairs, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate certain of our licensing activities, our research and development programs or other operations. 
 Our operations have consumed significant amounts of cash since inception. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the timing of enrollment, commencement and completion of our clinical trials; 

the results of our clinical trials; 

the results of our preclinical studies for our product candidates and any subsequent clinical trials; 

the scope, progress, results and costs of drug discovery, laboratory testing, preclinical development and clinical trials for our product candidates; 

the costs associated with building out additional laboratory and manufacturing capacity; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the costs of future product sales, medical affairs, marketing, manufacturing and distribution activities for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 

revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our products, should any of our product candidates receive marketing approval; 

revenue received from commercial sales of Zolgensma and the timing and amount of Zolgensma royalties paid to HCR under our royalty purchase agreement; 

revenue received from other commercial sales of our licensees and collaborators products, should any of their product candidates receive marketing approval, and other revenue received under our licensing agreements and collaborations; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending any intellectual property-related claims; 

our current licensing agreements or collaborations remaining in effect, including the AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement; 

our ability to establish and maintain additional licensing agreements or collaborations on favorable terms, if at all; and 

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 

Many of these factors are outside of our control. Identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain regulatory and marketing approval and achieve product sales. In addition, our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our product revenues, if any, and any commercial milestones or royalty payments under our licensing agreements, will be derived from or based on sales of products that may not be commercially available for many years, if at all. In addition, revenue from our NAV Technology Platform licensing is dependent in part on the clinical and commercial success of our licensing partners, including the commercialization of Zolgensma, and in part on maintaining our license agreements with our licensor partners, including GSK and Penn. Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. 
 The issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. We also could be required to seek funds through arrangements with partners or otherwise that may require us to relinquish rights to our intellectual property, our product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Although we have generated significant revenues from licensing our NAV Technology Platform and our other intellectual property, such as our licensing pursuant to the AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement, we have never generated revenue from sales of our product candidates and may never do so in the future. 
 We have generated significant revenues from licensing our NAV Technology Platform, including sublicense fees, milestone payments and royalties on net sales of a licensed product, Zolgensma, and licensing our intellectual property to AbbVie pursuant to the AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement. However, our ability to generate revenue from sales of our internal product candidates will depend on our ability, alone or with partners, to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize, our product candidates. 
 Our ability to generate future revenues from sales of our product candidates and in connection with sales of our licensees and collaborators products depends heavily on our, and our licensees and collaborators , success in: 
 completing research studies and preclinical and clinical development of product candidates and identifying new gene therapy product candidates; 

obtaining regulatory and marketing approvals for product candidates for which clinical trials are completed; 

commercializing product candidates for which regulatory and marketing approval is obtained by establishing a sales force, marketing and distribution infrastructure or, alternatively, collaborating with a commercialization partner; 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we or our licensees and collaborators may enter and performing our obligations in such collaborations; 

qualifying for adequate coverage and reimbursement by government and third-party payors for product candidates; 

maintaining and enhancing a sustainable, scalable, reproducible and transferable manufacturing process for our vectors and product candidates; 

establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide adequate, in both amount and quality, products and services to support clinical development and the market demand for product candidates, if approved; 

obtaining market acceptance of product candidates as a viable treatment option; 

competing effectively when other companies may develop products that are priced lower, reimbursed more favorably by government or other third-party payors, safer, more effective or more convenient to use than our products, if any, or our licensees and collaborators products; 

implementing additional internal systems and infrastructure, as needed; 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter and performing our obligations in such collaborations; 

maintaining, protecting and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; 

avoiding and defending against third-party interference, infringement and other intellectual property related claims; and 

attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 

Many of these factors as they relate to our licensees and collaborators products, including Zolgensma, will be outside our control, and future revenues in connection with sales of such products may be precluded or limited by any of these factors. Under our AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement, we will have limited influence and control over the RGX-314 development and commercialization activities of AbbVie in markets outside the United States, and future revenues in connection with sales of licensed products under such agreement may be precluded or limited by any of these factors. 
 Even if one or more of the product candidates that we develop is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate. Our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities to perform clinical and other studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate. Even if we are able to generate revenues from sales of any of our product candidates or in connection with sales of any of our licensees or collaborators products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations. 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Related to Third Parties 
 We rely on third parties to conduct certain preclinical research and development activities and aspects of our clinical trials. If these third parties do not meet our deadlines or otherwise conduct the preclinical research and development activities and trials as required, our preclinical and clinical development programs could be delayed or unsuccessful. 
 We do not have the ability to conduct all aspects of our preclinical research and development activities or clinical trials ourselves. We are dependent on third parties to conduct certain aspects of our clinical trials and, therefore, the timing of the initiation and completion of these trials may be controlled by such third parties and may occur on substantially different timing from our estimates. Specifically, we rely on third parties to conduct a portion of our preclinical research and development activities and we may also rely on CROs, medical institutions, clinical investigators, consultants or other third parties to conduct our clinical trials in accordance with our clinical protocols and regulatory requirements. A loss or deterioration of our relationships with such third parties or the principal investigators for our preclinical and clinical programs could materially harm our business. 
 There is no guarantee that any third party on which we rely for our preclinical research and development activities and the administration and conduct of our clinical trials will devote adequate time and resources to such activities or trials or perform as contractually required. If any such third party fails to meet expected deadlines, fails to adhere to our preclinical or clinical protocols or otherwise performs in a substandard manner, our preclinical programs and clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, which could materially harm our business. Additionally, if any of our clinical trial sites terminates for any reason, we may experience the loss of follow-up information on subjects enrolled in our ongoing clinical trials unless we are able to transfer those subjects to another qualified clinical trial site. Furthermore, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and may receive cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site may be jeopardized, which could result in substantial delays in our clinical trials and materially harm our business. 
 We have in the past, and in the future may, enter into licensing agreements or collaborations with third parties licensing parts of our NAV Technology Platform for the development of product candidates. If these licensing arrangements or collaborations are not successful, our business could be harmed. 
 We have entered into agreements involving the licensing of parts of our NAV Technology Platform and relating to the development and commercialization of certain product candidates and plan to enter into additional licensing agreements or collaborations in the future. We have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our current and future licensees and collaborators dedicate to the development or commercialization of product candidates or of products utilizing licensed components of our NAV Technology Platform. Our ability to generate revenues from these arrangements will depend on our and our licensees and collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to each of us in these arrangements. In addition, our licensees and collaborators have the ability to abandon research or development projects and terminate applicable agreements. Moreover, an unsuccessful outcome in any clinical trial for which our licensee or collaborator is responsible could be harmful to the public perception and prospects of our NAV Technology Platform or product candidates. 
 Any current or future licensing agreements or future collaborations we enter into may pose additional risks, including the following: 
 subjects in clinical trials undertaken by our licensees and collaborators may suffer adverse effects, including death; 

our licensees and collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates that achieve regulatory approval or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the licensees or collaborators strategic focus or available funding or external factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities; 

we may not have access to, or may be restricted from disclosing, certain information regarding product candidates being developed or commercialized under a collaboration and, consequently, may have limited ability to inform our stockholders about the status of such product candidates; 

our licensees or collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates if the licensees or collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

product candidates developed in collaboration with us may be viewed by our licensees or collaborators as competitive with their own product candidates or products, which may cause licensees or collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our product candidates; 

42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 a licensee or collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of our product candidates that achieve regulatory approval may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of any such product candidate; 

our licensees or collaborators may breach their reporting, payment, intellectual property or other obligations to us, which could prevent us from complying with our contractual obligations to GSK and Penn; 

disagreements with licensees or collaborators, including disagreements over intellectual property and other proprietary rights, payment obligations, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development of any product candidates, may cause delays or termination of the research, development or commercialization of such product candidates, may lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to such product candidates or may result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive and could potentially lessen the value of such agreements and collaborations; 

our licensees or collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 

disputes may arise with respect to the ownership of our other rights to intellectual property developed pursuant to our licensing agreements or collaborations; 

our licensees or collaborators may infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; and 

licensing agreements or collaborations may be terminated for the convenience of the licensee or collaborator and, if terminated, we could be required to raise additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. 

For example, under our AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement, we will have limited influence and control over the RGX-314 development and commercialization activities of AbbVie in markets outside the United States. Failure by AbbVie to meet its obligations under our AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement, apply sufficient efforts at developing and commercializing licensed products, or comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements, may materially adversely affect our business. 
 If our licensing agreements or collaborations do not result in the successful development and commercialization of products, or if one of our licensees or collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may not receive any future milestone or royalty payments, as applicable, under the license agreement or collaboration. If we do not receive the payments we expect under these agreements, our development of product candidates could be delayed and we may need additional resources to develop our product candidates. In addition, if one of our licensees or collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may find it more difficult to attract new licensees or collaborators and the perception of us in the business and financial communities could be harmed. Each of our licensees and collaborators is subject to similar risks with respect to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization, and any such risk could result in its business being harmed, which could adversely affect our collaboration. 
 We may in the future decide to partner or collaborate with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. These relationships, or those like them, may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near- and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders or disrupt our management and business. In addition, we could face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Our ability to reach a definitive licensing agreement or collaboration agreement will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a variety of factors. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to establish such a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for our product candidates because our research and development pipeline may be insufficient, our product candidates may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort or third parties may not view our product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy or market opportunity. In addition, we may be restricted under existing collaboration agreements from entering into future agreements with potential collaborators. If we license rights to product candidates, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate the licensed product candidates with our existing operations. 
 If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable licensees or collaborators on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a product candidate, reduce or delay its development program, delay its potential commercialization, reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities or increase our expenditures and undertake development or 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 Because we rely on third parties, including contractors, to research, develop and manufacture our product candidates, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, including our trade secrets. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, these provisions may be breached, and the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor s independent discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may materially harm our business. 
 In addition, these agreements typically restrict the ability of our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, although our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. For example, any academic institution that we collaborate with, or may collaborate with in the future, will sometimes be granted rights to publish data arising out of such collaboration, provided that we are notified in advance and given the opportunity to delay publication for a limited time period in order for us to secure patent protection of intellectual property rights arising from the collaboration, in addition to the opportunity to remove confidential or trade secret information from any such publication. We may also conduct joint research and development programs that may require us to share trade secrets under the terms of our research and development or similar agreements. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, our competitors may discover our trade secrets, either through breach of our agreements with third parties, independent development or publication of information by any of our third-party collaborators. A competitor s discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Manufacturing 
 Products intended for use in gene therapies are novel, complex and difficult to manufacture. We could experience production problems that result in delays in our development or commercialization programs, limit the supply of our products or otherwise harm our business. 
 We currently have development, manufacturing and testing agreements with third parties to manufacture supplies of our product candidates, in addition to our internal manufacturing laboratory. Several factors could cause production interruptions, including equipment malfunctions, facility contamination, raw material shortages or contamination, a decline in stability of a product that reduces its shelf life, natural disasters, public health crises, disruption in utility services, human error or disruptions in the operations of suppliers. 
 Our product candidates require processing steps that are more complex than those required for most chemical pharmaceuticals. Moreover, unlike chemical pharmaceuticals, the physical and chemical properties of biologics such as ours generally cannot be fully characterized. As a result, assays of the finished product may not be sufficient to ensure that the product will perform in the intended manner. Accordingly, we employ multiple steps to control our manufacturing process to assure that the process works and the product candidate is made strictly and consistently in compliance with the process. Problems with the manufacturing process, even minor deviations from the normal process, could result in product defects or manufacturing failures that may not be detected in standard release testing, which could result in lot failures, product recalls, declines in stability, product liability claims or insufficient inventory. We may encounter problems achieving adequate quantities and quality of clinical-grade materials that meet FDA, EMA or other applicable foreign standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yields and costs. 
 In addition, the FDA, the EMA and other foreign regulatory authorities may require us to submit samples of any lot of any approved product together with the protocols showing the results of applicable tests at any time. Under some circumstances, the FDA, the EMA or other foreign regulatory authorities may require that we not distribute a lot or batch until the competent authority authorizes its release. Slight deviations in the manufacturing process, including those affecting quality attributes and stability, may result in unacceptable changes in the product that could result in lot/batch failures or product recalls. Lot/batch failures, which we have experienced in the past, or product recalls could cause us to delay clinical trials or product launches which could be costly to us and otherwise harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We also may encounter problems hiring and retaining the experienced scientific, quality control and manufacturing personnel needed to operate our manufacturing process which could result in delays in our production or difficulties in maintaining compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 Any problems in our manufacturing process or the facilities with which we contract could make us a less attractive collaborator for potential partners, including larger pharmaceutical companies and academic research institutions, which could limit our access to additional attractive development programs. Problems in third-party manufacturing processes or facilities also could restrict our ability to meet market demand for our products. Additionally, should our manufacturing agreements with third parties be terminated for any reason, there may be a limited number of manufacturers who would be suitable replacements and it could take a significant amount of time to transition the manufacturing to a replacement. 
 Delays in obtaining regulatory approval of our manufacturing process or disruptions in our manufacturing process, including the development of our cGMP production facility, may delay or disrupt our commercialization efforts. 
 Before we can begin to commercially manufacture our product candidates in third-party or our own facilities, we must obtain regulatory approval from the FDA, which includes a review of the manufacturing process and facility. A manufacturing authorization must also be obtained from the appropriate European Union Member State regulatory authorities and may be required by other foreign regulatory authorities. The timeframe required to obtain such approval or authorization is uncertain. In order to obtain approval, we will need to ensure that all of our processes, methods and equipment are compliant with cGMP, and perform extensive audits of vendors, contract laboratories and suppliers. If we or any of our vendors, contract laboratories or suppliers are found to be out of compliance with cGMP, we may experience delays or disruptions in manufacturing while we work to remedy the violation or while we work to identify suitable replacement vendors, contract laboratories or suppliers. The cGMP requirements govern quality control of the manufacturing process and documentation policies and procedures. In complying with cGMP, we will be obligated to expend time, money and effort in production, record keeping and quality control to assure that the product meets applicable specifications and other requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we would be subject to possible regulatory action, which could result in fines or reputational harm, and we may not be permitted to sell any products that we may develop. 
 We currently rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct our product manufacturing, and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily. 
 We currently plan to have some of the material manufactured for our planned preclinical and clinical programs by third parties. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of a portion of our preclinical study and planned clinical trial materials and, therefore, we can control only certain aspects of their activities. 
 We rely on additional third parties to manufacture ingredients of our product candidates and to perform quality testing, and reliance on these third parties entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured the product candidates ourselves, including: 
 reduced control for certain aspects of manufacturing activities; 

termination or nonrenewal of manufacturing and service agreements with third parties in a manner or at a time that is costly or damaging to us; 

disruptions to the operations of our third-party manufacturers and service providers caused by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of, or legal or regulatory actions against, the manufacturer or service provider; 

reduced capacity of our third-party manufacturers and service providers caused by increased demand by their other customers; 

discovery of data integrity issues with our third-party manufacturers and service providers which directly or indirectly impact our ability to use our product candidates; and 

legal or regulatory actions against our third-party manufacturers and service providers which adversely affect our ability to use our product candidates. 

FDA, EMA or other regulatory authority action could include injunction, recall, seizure or total or partial suspension of product manufacture or manufacturing authorization. Any of these events could lead to clinical trial delays or failure to obtain regulatory approval, or impact our ability to successfully commercialize future product candidates, and therefore may cause our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects to be materially harmed. 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Failure to comply with ongoing manufacturing regulatory requirements could cause us to suspend production or put in place costly or time-consuming remedial measures, and shortages of resources or raw materials could result in delays in our research studies, preclinical and clinical development or marketing schedules. 
 Regulatory authorities may, at any time following approval of a product for sale, audit the manufacturing facilities for such product. If any such inspection or audit identifies a failure to comply with applicable regulations, or if a violation of product specifications or applicable regulations occurs independent of such an inspection or audit, the relevant regulatory authority may require remedial measures that may be costly or time-consuming to implement and that may include the temporary or permanent suspension of a clinical trial or commercial sales or the temporary or permanent closure of a manufacturing facility. Any such remedial measures imposed upon us or any of our third-party manufacturers could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we or any of our third party-manufacturers fail to comply with applicable cGMP regulations, regulatory authorities can impose regulatory sanctions including, among other things, refusal to approve a pending application for a new product candidate or suspension or revocation of a pre-existing approval. Such an occurrence may cause our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects to be materially harmed. 
 Additionally, if supply from a manufacturing facility is interrupted, there could be a significant disruption in commercial supply of our products. An alternative manufacturer would need to be qualified, through a supplement to its regulatory filing, which could result in further delay. Regulatory authorities also may require additional trials if a new manufacturer is relied upon for commercial production. Switching manufacturers may involve substantial costs and could result in a delay in our desired clinical and commercial timelines. 
 Given the nature of biologics manufacturing, there is a risk of contamination during manufacturing. Any contamination could materially harm our ability to produce product candidates on schedule and could harm our results of operations and cause reputational damage. 
 Some of the resources, raw materials and components required in our manufacturing or research and development processes are derived from biologic sources, and we normally rely on suppliers to provide such resources, raw materials and components. These may be difficult to procure and subject to contamination or recall. Certain resources, raw materials and components, especially those that are specifically catered to the gene therapy industry, may become unavailable to us in sufficient quantities from time to time due to increased demand. 
 A material shortage, contamination, recall or restriction on the use of biologically derived substances in the manufacture of our product candidates may be beyond our control and could adversely impact or disrupt the commercial manufacturing or the production of clinical material, which could materially harm our development timelines and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to the Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, if approved, we may be unable to generate any product revenue. 
 We currently have no products to sell and therefore no product sales and marketing organization. To successfully commercialize any products that may result from our development programs, we will need to develop these capabilities, either on our own or with others. The establishment and development of our own commercial team or the establishment of a contract sales force to market any products we may develop will be expensive and time-consuming and could delay any product launch. Moreover, we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully develop this capability. We may enter into collaborations regarding one or more of our product candidates with other entities to utilize their marketing and distribution capabilities, such as our collaboration with AbbVie, but we may be unable to enter into such agreements on favorable terms, if at all. If any current licensees or collaborators, or future licensees or collaborators, do not commit sufficient resources to commercialize our products, if approved, or we are unable to develop the necessary capabilities on our own, we will be unable to generate sufficient product revenue to sustain our business. We compete with many companies that currently have extensive, experienced and well-funded marketing and sales operations to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts of our product candidates. Without an internal team or the support of a third party to perform marketing and sales functions, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies. 
 Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. Such efforts may require more resources than are typically required due to the 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 complexity and uniqueness of our potential products. If any of our product candidates is approved but fails to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients or third-party payors, we will not be able to generate significant revenues from such product, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we do not achieve our projected development goals in the timeframes we announce and expect, the commercialization of our products may be delayed and, as a result, our stock price may decline. 
 From time to time, we estimate the timing of the accomplishment of various scientific, clinical, regulatory and other product development goals, which we sometimes refer to as milestones. These milestones may include, but are not limited to, the commencement or completion of scientific studies and clinical trials, the submission of regulatory filings, the announcement of results from scientific studies or clinical trials and the announcement of additional product candidates. From time to time, we may publicly announce the expected timing of some of these milestones. All of these milestones are and will be based on numerous assumptions. The actual timing of these milestones can vary dramatically compared to our estimates, in some cases for reasons beyond our control. If we do not meet these milestones as publicly announced, or at all, the commercialization of our products may be delayed or never achieved and, as a result, our stock price may decline. 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval, we still may not be able to successfully commercialize our lead product candidates or any future product candidate, and the revenue that we generate from any approved product s sales, if any, could be limited. 
 Ethical, social and legal concerns about gene therapy could result in additional regulations restricting or prohibiting our products. From time to time, public sentiment may be more adverse to commercialization of gene therapy as a therapeutic technique. Even with the requisite approvals from the FDA, the EMA and other regulatory authorities, the commercial success of our product candidates will depend, in part, on the acceptance of physicians, patients and health care payors of gene therapy products in general, and our product candidates in particular, as medically necessary, cost-effective and safe. Any product that we commercialize may not gain acceptance by physicians, patients, health care payors and others in the medical community. If these products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenue and may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 demonstration of clinical efficacy and safety compared to other more-established products; 

limitation of our targeted patient population and other limitations or warnings contained in any FDA or European Commission labeling, or other comparable foreign regulatory authority-approved labeling; 

acceptance of a new formulation by health care providers and their patients; 

the prevalence and severity of any adverse effects; 

new procedures or methods of treatment that may be more effective in treating or may reduce the conditions which our products are intended to treat; 

pricing and cost-effectiveness; 

the effectiveness of our or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

our ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage and reimbursement from government health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors; 

unfavorable publicity and negative public opinion relating to product candidates or gene therapy generally, including due to serious adverse events in gene therapy trials; and 

the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or reimbursement. 

If any product candidate is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, hospitals, healthcare payors or patients, we may not generate sufficient revenue from that product candidate and may not become or remain profitable. Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our lead product candidates or any future product candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. In addition, our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates will depend on our ability to differentiate our products from competing products and defend and enforce our intellectual property rights relating to our products. Additionally, if the market opportunities for our lead product candidates or any future product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, our product revenues may be harmed and our business may suffer. 
 We focus our research and product development on treatments for severe genetic and orphan diseases. Our understanding of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on estimates. These estimates may prove to be incorrect and new studies 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 may reduce the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of patients in the United States, the European Union and elsewhere may turn out to be lower than expected, may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our products or patients may become increasingly difficult to identify and access, all of which would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Further, there are several factors that could contribute to making the actual number of patients who receive any products we develop less than the potentially addressable market. These include the lack of widespread availability of, and limited reimbursement for, new therapies in many underdeveloped markets. Further, the severity of the progression of a disease up to the time of treatment, especially in certain degenerative conditions such as the conditions our lead product candidates are intended to treat, will likely diminish the therapeutic benefit conferred by a gene therapy due to irreversible cell death. Lastly, certain patients immune systems might prohibit the successful delivery of certain gene therapy products to the target tissue, thereby limiting the treatment outcomes. 
 The insurance coverage and reimbursement status of newly approved products is uncertain. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our products, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate product revenue. 
 We expect the cost of a single administration of gene therapy products, such as those we are developing, to be substantial, when and if they achieve regulatory approval. We expect that coverage and reimbursement by government and private payors will be essential for most patients to be able to afford these treatments. Accordingly, sales of our product candidates will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the prices of our product candidates will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or will be reimbursed by government authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon several factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe, effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate for the specific patient; 

cost-effective; and 

neither experimental nor investigational. 

Obtaining coverage and reimbursement for a product from third-party payors is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to the payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data. We may not be able to provide data sufficient to gain acceptance with respect to coverage and reimbursement. If coverage and reimbursement are not available, or are available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be adequate to realize a sufficient return on our investment. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to third-party coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products, including potential one-time gene therapies. In the United States, third-party payors, including government payors such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining the extent to which new drugs and biologics will be covered and reimbursed. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models for how private payors and government payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies. It is difficult to predict what the CMS, the agency responsible for administering the Medicare program, will decide with respect to coverage and reimbursement for fundamentally novel products such as ours, as there is no body of established practices and precedents for these types of products. We cannot be assured that Medicare or Medicaid will cover any of our products, if approved, or provide reimbursement at adequate levels to realize a sufficient return on our investment. In addition, government regulators and legislative bodies in the United States are considering numerous proposals that may result in limitations on the prices at which we could charge customers for our products if we have products that are approved for sale. For example, the IRA permits HHS to engage in price-capped negotiation to set the price of certain drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D. The IRA contains statutory exclusions to the negotiation program, including for certain orphan designated drugs for which the only approved indication is for the orphan disease or condition. Should our product candidates be approved and covered by Medicare Part B or Part D, and fail to fall within a statutory exclusion, such as that for an orphan drug, those products could, after a period of time (e.g., 13 years after FDA approval of biologics, including gene therapies), be selected for negotiation and become subject to prices representing a significant discount from average prices to wholesalers and direct purchasers. The IRA also establishes a rebate obligation for drug manufacturers that increase prices of Medicare Part B and Part D covered drugs at a rate greater than the rate of inflation. The inflation rebates may require us to pay rebates if we increased the cost of a covered Medicare Part B or Part D approved product faster than the rate of inflation. At this time, we are unable to predict how these recent legislative changes might affect our business. Moreover, reimbursement agencies in the European Union may be more conservative 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 than CMS. It is difficult to predict what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates. 
 Outside the United States, international operations generally are subject to extensive government price controls and other market regulations, and increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in the European Union and other countries may put pricing pressure on us. In many countries, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. It also can take a significant amount of time after approval of a product to secure pricing and reimbursement for such product in many countries outside the United States. In general, the prices of medicines under such systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medical products, but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our product candidates. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for our products may be reduced compared with the reimbursement in the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable product revenues. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by government and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for new products approved and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. Payors increasingly are considering new metrics as the basis for reimbursement rates, and the existing data for reimbursement based on some of these metrics is limited. Therefore, it may be difficult to project the impact of these evolving reimbursement metrics on the willingness of payors to cover candidate products that we or our partners are able to commercialize. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. 
 Additionally, our lead product candidates are designed to provide therapeutic benefit after a single administration and, therefore, the pricing and reimbursement of a single administration of our lead product candidates, if approved, must be adequate to support our commercial infrastructure. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. If we are unable to obtain adequate levels of reimbursement, our ability to successfully market and sell our product candidates will be harmed. The manner and level at which reimbursement is provided for services related to our product candidates (e.g., for administration of our product to patients) is also important. Inadequate reimbursement for such services may lead to physician resistance and limit our ability to market or sell our products. 
 Government price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for any of our product candidates, if approved, which would adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 
 We expect that coverage and reimbursement of drugs and biologics may be increasingly restricted in the United States and internationally. The escalating cost of health care has led to increased pressure on the health care industry to reduce costs. In particular, pricing by biopharmaceutical companies recently has come under increased scrutiny and continues to be subject to intense political and public debate in the United States and abroad. Government and private third-party payors have proposed health care reforms and cost reductions of drugs and biologics. A number of federal and state proposals to control the cost of health care have been made in the United States. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed federal and state bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies. In some international markets, the government controls drug and biologic pricing, which can affect profitability. 
 We cannot predict the extent to which our business may be affected by these or other potential future legislative or regulatory developments. However, future price controls or other changes in pricing regulation or negative publicity related to the pricing of drugs and biologics generally could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our future products, if any, which could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Operations 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to identify or discover additional product candidates and may fail to capitalize on programs or product candidates that may be a greater commercial opportunity or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 The success of our business depends upon our ability to identify, develop and commercialize product candidates based on our NAV Technology Platform. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources. Although certain of our product candidates are currently in research studies or preclinical development, we may fail to identify potential product candidates for clinical development for several reasons. For example, our research may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates or our potential product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects, may be commercially impracticable to manufacture or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval. 
 Additionally, because we have limited resources, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with certain programs or product candidates or for indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our spending on current and future research and development programs may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through strategic collaboration, licensing or other arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. Alternatively, we may allocate internal resources to a product candidate in a therapeutic area in which it would have been more advantageous to enter into a partnering arrangement. 
 If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts with respect to a particular product candidate or fail to develop a potentially successful product candidate, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain key employees, consultants and advisors and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 We are highly dependent on members of our executive team, the loss of any of whose services may adversely impact the achievement of our objectives. While we have entered into employment agreements with each of our executive officers, any of them could leave our employment at any time, as all of our employees are at will employees. We currently do not have key person insurance on any of our employees. The loss of the services of one or more of our current employees, consultants and advisors might impede the achievement of our research, development, licensing and commercialization objectives. 
 Recruiting and retaining other qualified employees, consultants and advisors for our business, including scientific and technical personnel is, and will continue to be, critical to our success. There currently is a shortage of skilled individuals with substantial gene therapy experience, which we believe is likely to continue. As a result, competition for skilled personnel, including in gene therapy research and vector manufacturing, is intense and the turnover rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and academic institutions for individuals with similar skill sets. In addition, failure to succeed in preclinical studies or clinical trials or applications for marketing approval may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The inability to recruit, or loss of services of any of our key executives, employees, consultants or advisors may impede the progress of our research, development, licensing and commercialization objectives and materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we are successful in executing our business strategy, we will need to expand our managerial, operational, financial and other systems and resources to manage our operations, continue our research and development and licensing activities, and, in the longer term, build a sales and marketing infrastructure to support commercialization of any of our product candidates that are approved for sale. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management. It is likely that our management, finance, development personnel, systems and facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support this future growth. Our need to effectively manage our operations, growth and product candidates requires that we continue to develop more robust business processes and improve our systems and procedures in each of these areas and to attract and retain sufficient numbers of talented employees. We may be unable to successfully implement these tasks on a larger scale and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and growth goals. 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If our employees, principal investigators, consultants or commercial partners engage in misconduct, or if we are unable to comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws or other applicable laws or regulations, then we could face substantial penalties. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations or the regulations applicable in the European Union and other jurisdictions, provide accurate information to the FDA, the European Commission and other regulatory authorities, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct also could involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials or interactions with the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of business conduct applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from government investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 If we obtain the approval of the FDA, the European Commission or other regulatory authorities for any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States or outside the United States, our operations will be directly, or indirectly through our prescribers, customers and purchasers, subject to various federal, state and foreign fraud and abuse laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Health Care Program Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal civil and criminal False Claims Act and Physician Payments Sunshine Act and regulations, and similar laws in foreign jurisdictions. These laws will impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing and educational programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy laws by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that will affect our operations include, but are not limited to: 
 the federal Health Care Program Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, in return for the purchase, recommendation, leasing or furnishing of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand, and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. Liability may be established under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute without proving actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid or other government payors that are false or fraudulent. PPACA provides and recent government cases against pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers support the view that federal Anti-Kickback Statute violations and certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may implicate the False Claims Act; 

HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit a person from knowingly and willfully executing a scheme or from making false or fraudulent statements to defraud any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private); 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH), and its implementing regulations, and as amended again by the final HIPAA omnibus rule, Modifications to the HIPAA Privacy, Security, Enforcement, and Breach Notification Rules Under HITECH and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act; 

Other Modifications to HIPAA, which imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization by entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, health care clearinghouses and health care providers; 

federal transparency laws, including the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, that require disclosure of payments and other transfers of value provided to physicians and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare providers and their immediate family members and applicable group purchasing organizations; 

51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 national laws, industry codes and professional codes of conduct applicable to certain European Union Member States which require payments made to physicians to be publicly disclosed and agreements with physicians to often be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physicians employer, his or her competent professional organization and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual Member States; 

federal, state and foreign laws relating to the processing, storage and transfer of personal data, including, but not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act and the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, which may require us to incur substantial costs or change our business practices with respect to the treatment of personal data; and 

state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts in certain circumstances, such as specific disease states. 

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other government regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment, reputational harm, public reprimands, third party actions, such as cease and desist letters or injunctions, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could harm our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is prohibited in the European Union. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is also governed by the national anti-bribery laws of European Union Member States, such as the UK Bribery Act 2010. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and could limit licensing of our NAV Technology Platform or commercialization of any product candidates that we may develop. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to our licensed NAV Technology Platform and the testing of our product candidates in clinical trials and may face an even greater risk if products utilizing our NAV Technology Platform are commercialized. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our technology or product candidates caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for our technology, including any product candidates that we may develop; 

loss of revenue; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

significant time and costs to defend the related litigation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

the inability to license our NAV Technology Platform or commercialize any product candidates that we may develop; and 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention. 

Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, this insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. We anticipate that we will evaluate the need to increase our insurance coverage each time we commence a clinical trial and may from time to time purchase additional coverage for clinical trials. We may need to increase our product liability insurance coverage if we successfully commercialize any product candidates. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive and we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 
 If we, our development partners, including our licensees and collaborators, or our third-party manufacturers or suppliers fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could materially harm the success of our business. 
 We, our development partners, including our licensees and collaborators, and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 generation, handling, use, storage, treatment, manufacture, transportation and disposal of, and exposure to, hazardous materials and wastes, as well as laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biologic and radioactive materials. Our operations and the operations of our development partners and third-party manufacturers and suppliers also produce hazardous waste products. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from the use of hazardous materials by us, our development partners or our third-party manufacturers or suppliers, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance for certain costs and expenses we may incur due to work-related injuries to our employees, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Although we maintain insurance for claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biologic, hazardous or radioactive materials, this insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur in connection with such claims. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which have tended to become more stringent over time. These current or future laws and regulations may impair us or our development partners , including our licensees and collaborators , research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or liabilities, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those of our collaborators or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our business or financial operations, including our licensing and product development programs. 
 Our internal computer systems and those of our current and any future collaborators and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we believe we have not experienced any system failure, accident or security breach to date that has had a material effect on our business, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our business or financial operations, including our licensing and development programs. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential patient or employee data, including personally identifiable information, whether through breach of computer systems, systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or otherwise, or unauthorized access to or through our information systems and networks, whether by our employees or third parties, could result in negative publicity, legal liability and damage to our reputation. Unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information could also expose us to sanctions for violations of data privacy laws and regulations around the world, especially since the regulatory environment surrounding data privacy laws are increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss of, or damage to, our trade secrets, data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability, our competitive position could be harmed and the further licensing of our NAV Technology Platform and development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. For example, the loss of, or damage to, clinical trial data for any of our product candidates could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. 
 Our computer systems or our business partners computer systems may be vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and random attack. Security breaches pose a risk that sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information, may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability, threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability, and fraudulently obtain funds. Our business partners face similar risks, and a security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. While we continue to invest in data protection and information technology, including providing an information security training and compliance program to our employees, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm. 
 Although we have general liability and cybersecurity insurance coverage, our insurance may not cover all claims, continue to be available on reasonable terms or be sufficient in amount to cover one or more large claims; additionally, the insurer may disclaim coverage as to any claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed or are not covered by our insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our customers are concentrated and therefore the loss of a significant customer may harm our business. 
 Our current revenues are derived from a concentrated customer base. Our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted solely of license and royalty revenue. One customer accounted for approximately 90 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Two customers accounted for approximately 99 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. We expect future license and royalty revenue to be derived from a limited number of licensees and collaborators. Future license and royalty revenue is uncertain due to the contingent nature of our licenses granted to third parties. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Our rights to license our NAV Technology Platform and to develop and commercialize our product candidates are subject, in part, to the terms and conditions of licenses granted to us by others. 
 We are heavily reliant upon licenses to certain patent rights and proprietary technology from third parties that are important or necessary to the development of our technology and products, including technology related to our manufacturing process and our gene therapy product candidates. These and other licenses may not provide exclusive rights to use such intellectual property and technology in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to license our platform or develop or commercialize our technology and products in the future. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing and commercializing competitive products in territories not included in all of our licenses. For example, under our license agreement with GSK, GSK retained certain exclusive and non-exclusive rights under the patent rights that it licensed from Penn. 
 Licenses to additional third-party technology that may be required for our licensing or development programs may not be available in the future or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which could materially harm our business and financial condition. 
 In some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain or enforce the patents, covering technology that we license from third parties. For example, under our license agreement with Penn, Penn is entitled to control the preparation, prosecution and maintenance of the patent rights licensed to us. However, if we determine that we desire a greater degree of control over such patent rights, the Penn license agreement provides that Penn will work in good faith with us to enter into an arrangement for such additional control with reimbursement by us of certain expenses. If our licensors fail to maintain such patents, or lose rights to those patents or patent applications, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated and our right to develop and commercialize any of our products that are the subject of such licensed rights could be impacted. In addition to the foregoing, the risks associated with patent rights that we license from third parties will also apply to patent rights we may own in the future. 
 Furthermore, the research resulting in certain of our licensed patent rights and technology was funded by the U.S. government. As a result, the government may have certain rights, or march-in rights, to such patent rights and technology. When new technologies are developed with government funding, the government generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a non-exclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the United States. Any exercise by the government of such rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our products and technology, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully license our NAV Technology Platform and commercialize our products and technology may be harmed. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our proprietary NAV Technology Platform, our product candidates and our manufacturing technology. Our licensors have sought and we intend to seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to many of our novel technologies and product candidates that are important to our business. 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming and complex, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. In addition, certain patents in the field of gene therapy that may have otherwise potentially provided patent protection for certain of our product candidates have expired or will soon expire. In some cases, the work of certain academic researchers in the gene therapy field has entered the public domain, which we believe precludes our ability to obtain patent protection for certain inventions relating to such work. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. 
 We are a party to intellectual property license agreements with GSK and Penn, each of which is important to our business, and other entities and we expect to enter into additional license agreements in the future. Our existing license agreements impose, and we expect that future license agreements will impose, various diligence, development and commercialization timelines, milestone payments, royalties and other obligations on us. If we or our licensees or collaborators fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to market products covered by the license. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has, in recent years, been the subject of much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. For example, we have filed a complaint for patent infringement against Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. arising from its use of cultured host cell technology, which we believe is claimed in a patent we licensed from Penn, to make gene therapy products to treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy and Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy, among other products. Our litigation against Sarepta will have an uncertain outcome and may not result in the patent enforcement we desire. 
 Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our technology or product candidates or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and product candidates. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 
 We may not be aware of all third-party intellectual property rights potentially relating to our technology and product candidates. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing or, in some cases, not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in any owned or any licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 
 Even if the patent applications we license or may own in the future do issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors or other third parties may avail themselves of safe harbor under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (the Hatch-Waxman Amendments) to conduct research and clinical trials and may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and product candidates. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our intellectual property licenses with third parties may be subject to disagreements over contract interpretation, which could narrow the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, increase our financial or other obligations to our licensors or other parties, or decrease financial or other obligations of our licensees and collaborators. 
 The agreements under which we currently license intellectual property or technology from or to third parties, including the AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement, are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, or decrease what we believe to be the financial or other obligations of our licensee under the relevant agreement, any of which could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We have entered into license agreements with third parties and may need to obtain additional licenses from others to advance our research, to expand our licensing program or to allow commercialization of our product candidates. It is possible that we may be unable to obtain additional licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology or product candidates or the methods for manufacturing them or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or commercial basis. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to redesign our platform technology or to develop or commercialize the affected product candidates, which could materially harm our business. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist or will not be issued, which might be enforced against our current platform technology, manufacturing methods, product candidates or future methods or products, resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our licensing, manufacture or sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties. 
 In many of our existing license agreements, patent prosecution of our licensed technology is controlled primarily by the licensor, and we are required to reimburse the licensor for certain costs of patent prosecution and maintenance. If our licensors fail to obtain and maintain patent or other protection for the proprietary intellectual property we license from them, we could lose our rights to the intellectual property or our exclusivity with respect to those rights, and our competitors could market competing products using the intellectual property. Further, in our license agreements, we could be responsible for bringing actions against any third party for infringing on the patents we have licensed. Certain of our license agreements in which we are the licensee also require us to meet development milestones to maintain the license, including establishing a set timeline for developing and commercializing products and minimum diligence obligations in developing and commercializing the product. Disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on or otherwise violate intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

the sublicensing and corresponding payment obligations of patent and other intellectual property rights under our collaborative development relationships; 

our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

the inventorship or ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and 

the priority of invention of patented technology. 

If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We may not be successful in obtaining necessary rights to our product candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 We currently have rights to intellectual property, through licenses from third parties, to develop our product candidates. Because our programs may require the use of intellectual property or other proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend, in part, on our ability to acquire, in-license or use such intellectual property and proprietary rights. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes (and patents for such technology) or other intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our technology platform and product candidates. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. 
 We sometimes collaborate with non-profit and academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. Some of these institutions may provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such option, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. 
 If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of the relevant program or product candidate and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights in the United States and throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our platform technology or product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States could be less extensive than those in the United States. Although our license agreements with GSK and Penn grant us worldwide rights, certain of our in-licensed U.S. patent rights lack corresponding foreign patents or patent applications. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensing partners, or we may be required to defend against claims of infringement or that our intellectual property is invalid or unenforceable. To counter infringement or unauthorized use claims or to defend against claims of infringement or other intellectual property related claims can be expensive and time consuming. Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could materially harm the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent and other intellectual property litigation or proceedings could materially harm our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other government fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO) and various patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of our licensed patents and/or applications and any patent rights we may own or license in the future. We may rely on our licensing partners to pay these fees due to non-U.S. patent agencies with respect to our licensed patent rights. The USPTO and various non-U.S. patent agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply and we are also dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. In many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance could materially harm our business. 
 We have registered trademarks with the USPTO, including for the marks AAVIATE, ALTITUDE , ATMOSPHERE , NAV and REGENXBIO, as well as for the REGENXBIO logos. Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long-term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be harmed. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Issued patents covering our NAV Technology Platform or our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court. We may not be able to protect our trade secrets in court. 
 If one of our licensing partners or we initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering our NAV Technology Platform or one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including subject-matter eligibility, novelty, non-obviousness, written description or enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld information material to patentability from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties also may raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post grant review, inter partes review and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. Such proceedings could result in the revocation or cancellation of or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our NAV Technology Platform or our product candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which the patent examiner and we or our licensing partners were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we could lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on one or more of our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could materially harm our business. 
 In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our technology, product candidate discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect and some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. 
 Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could materially harm our business. 
 Our commercial success depends, in part, upon our ability to license our NAV Technology Platform, and upon our ability and our licensees and collaborators ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell products and use our proprietary technologies without infringing or otherwise violating the proprietary rights and intellectual property of third parties. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by extensive and complex litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. We may in the future become party to, or be threatened with, adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates and technology, including interference proceedings, post grant review and inter partes review before the USPTO. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future, regardless of their merit. There is a risk that third parties may choose to engage in litigation with us to enforce or to otherwise assert their patent rights against us. Even if we believe such claims are without merit, a court of competent jurisdiction could hold that these third-party patents are valid, enforceable and infringed, which could materially harm our ability to license our technology platform or commercialize our lead product candidates or any future product candidates or technologies covered by the asserted third-party patents. In order to successfully challenge the validity of any such U.S. patent in federal court, we would need to overcome a presumption of validity. As this burden is a high one requiring us to present clear and convincing evidence as to the invalidity of any such U.S. patent claim, there is no assurance that a court of competent jurisdiction would invalidate the claims of any such U.S. patent. If we are found to infringe a third party s valid and enforceable intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue licensing, developing, manufacturing and marketing our product candidates and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies licensed to us, and it could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease licensing, developing, manufacturing and commercializing the infringing technology or product candidates. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent or other intellectual property right. A finding of infringement could prevent us from licensing our technology platform or manufacturing and commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could similarly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims asserting that our employees, consultants or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Many of our employees, consultants or advisors are currently, or were previously, employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that these individuals or we have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 The patent positions of companies engaged in the development and commercialization of biologics and pharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain. On March 20, 2012, the Supreme Court issued a decision in Mayo Collaborative Services v. Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. (Prometheus) , a case involving patent claims directed to a process of measuring a metabolic product in a patient to optimize a drug dosage for the patient. According to the Supreme Court, the addition of well-understood, routine or conventional activity such as administering or determining steps was not enough to transform an otherwise patent-ineligible natural 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 phenomenon into patent-eligible subject matter. On June 13, 2013, the Supreme Court issued its decision in Association for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc. (Myriad) , a case involving patent claims held by Myriad relating to the breast cancer susceptibility genes BRCA1 and BRCA2. Myriad held that an isolated segment of naturally occurring DNA, such as the DNA constituting the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes, is not patent eligible subject matter, but that complementary DNA, which is an artificial construct that may be created from RNA transcripts of genes, may be patent eligible. 
 The USPTO has issued a number of guidance memoranda and updates to instruct USPTO examiners on the ramifications of the Prometheus , Myriad and other court rulings and the application of the rulings to natural products and principles including all naturally occurring nucleic acids. USPTO guidance may be further updated in view of developments in the case law and in response to public feedback. Patents for certain of our product candidates contain claims related to specific DNA sequences that are naturally occurring and, therefore, could be the subject of future challenges made by third parties. In addition, USPTO guidance or changes in guidance or procedures issued by the USPTO could make it impossible for us to pursue similar patent claims in patent applications we may prosecute in the future. 
 We cannot assure you that our efforts to seek patent protection for our technology and products will not be negatively impacted by the decisions described above, rulings in other cases or changes in guidance or procedures issued by the USPTO. We cannot fully predict what ongoing impact the Supreme Court s decisions in Prometheus and Myriad may have on the ability of life science companies to obtain or enforce patents relating to their products and technologies in the future. These decisions, the guidance issued by the USPTO and rulings in other cases or changes in USPTO guidance or procedures could materially harm our existing patent portfolio and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future. 
 Moreover, although the Supreme Court has held in Myriad that isolated segments of naturally occurring DNA are not patent-eligible subject matter, certain third parties could allege that activities that we may undertake infringe other gene-related patent claims, and we may deem it necessary to defend ourselves against these claims by asserting non-infringement and/or invalidity positions, or paying to obtain a license to these claims. In any of the foregoing or in other situations involving third-party intellectual property rights, if we are unsuccessful in defending against claims of patent infringement, we could be forced to pay damages or be subjected to an injunction that would prevent us from utilizing the patented subject matter. Such outcomes could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for our product candidates, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent extension term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our revenue could be reduced, possibly materially. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our operating results may fluctuate substantially, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. 
 We expect our operating results to be subject to fluctuations. Our net income or loss and other operating results may be affected by numerous factors, including: 
 any variations in the level of expenses related to our NAV Technology Platform, lead product candidates or future product candidates and technologies; 

the addition or termination of any clinical trials and the timing and outcomes of clinical trials; 

any regulatory or clinical developments affecting our lead product candidates, any future product candidates or our licensees product candidates; 

60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our execution of any collaborative, licensing or similar arrangements and the timing of any payments we may make or receive under these arrangements; 

changes in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or partners; 

the nature and terms of any stock-based compensation grants; 

any intellectual property infringement lawsuits in which we may become involved; 

our ability to adequately support future growth; 

potential unforeseen business disruptions that increase our costs or expenses; 

future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; and 

the changing and volatile global economic environment. 

The cumulative effect of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, we believe that comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis is not necessarily meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of securities or industry analysts or investors for any period. If our operating results fall below the expectations of investors or analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly or annual fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our stock to fluctuate substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated revenue or earnings guidance we have provided. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. 
 We have raised significant capital through public offerings of our common stock in order to fund our operations, which has caused dilution to our stockholders. We may seek to raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships, licensing arrangements or other means. We have an effective shelf registration statement on file with the SEC, which allows us to access capital in a timely manner. To the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, the share ownership of existing stockholders will be diluted. Any future debt financing may involve covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends, redeem our stock, make certain investments or engage in certain merger, consolidation, or asset sale transactions. In addition, if we seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners, these arrangements may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or products or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us. 
 If we engage in future acquisitions or strategic partnerships, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities and subject us to other risks. 
 We may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic partnerships, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies, or businesses. Any potential acquisition or strategic partnership may entail numerous risks, including: 
 increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 

the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 

the issuance of our equity securities; 

assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 

the diversion of our management's attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic merger or acquisition; 

retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 

risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and regulatory approvals; and 

61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs. 

In addition, if we undertake acquisitions, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. Moreover, we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition opportunities and this inability could impair our ability to grow or obtain access to technology or products that may be important to the development of our business. 
 Provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and under Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our board of directors and, therefore, depress our stock price. 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our board of directors that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. Among other things, these provisions: 
 establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time; 

permit the board of directors to establish the number of directors; 

provide that directors may only be removed for cause 

require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws; 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; 

eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal our bylaws; and 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on merger, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation includes exclusive forum clauses for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Pursuant to our restated certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Additionally, if the subject matter of any action within the scope of the preceding sentence is filed in a court other than a court located with the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the preceding sentence and (b) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 
 Additionally, our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to this provision. 
 The forum selection clauses in our restated certificate of incorporation may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us, our directors, officers or other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Our business could be negatively affected as a result of the actions of activist stockholders. 
 Proxy contests have been waged against many companies in the biopharmaceutical industry over the last several years, and proxy advisory firms may recommend changes to our business operations, provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, or the composition of our board of directors or its committees. If faced with a proxy contest or other type of stockholder activism, or a proxy advisory firm recommendation that is adverse to a management proposal, we may not be able to respond successfully to the contest or dispute, which could be disruptive to our business. Even if we are successful, our business could be adversely affected by such a contest or dispute involving us or our partners because: 
 responding to proxy contests or other actions by activist stockholders, or adverse proxy advisory firm recommendations, can be costly and time-consuming, disrupting operations and diverting the attention of management and employees; 

perceived uncertainties as to future direction may result in the loss of potential acquisitions, collaborations or licensing opportunities, and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners; and 

if individuals are elected to our board of directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively and timely implement our strategic plan and create additional value for our stockholders. 

These actions could cause our stock price to decrease and experience periods of increased volatility. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Rockville, Maryland. We occupy approximately 186,000 square feet of office, laboratory and manufacturing space at this location, including a fully operational cGMP manufacturing facility, under a lease that expires in September 2036, subject to certain extension and termination options that we hold under the lease agreement. 
 We also occupy approximately 72,000 square feet of office, laboratory and warehousing space at other locations in Rockville, Maryland and Washington, D.C., and approximately 10,000 square feet of office space in New York, New York, under leases that expire at various dates through 2029, some of which are renewable for additional years. 
 We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are party to various lawsuits, claims or other legal proceedings that arise in the normal course of our business. We do not believe that we are currently party to any pending legal actions that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol RGNX. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return of (a) the Nasdaq Composite Index and (b) the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index, over the same period. The figures below assume an investment of 100 in our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index at the closing price on December 31, 2017 and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. 
 The comparisons shown in the graph below are based upon historical data. We caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock. Information used in the graph was obtained from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, a financial data provider and a source believed to be reliable. The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC is not responsible for any errors or omissions in such information. 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 

100 investment in stock or index 
 
 December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2018 

December 31, 2019 

December 31, 2020 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2022 

REGENXBIO Inc. 

100 

126 

123 

136 

98 

68 

Nasdaq Composite 

100 

97 

133 

192 

235 

159 

Nasdaq Biotechnology 

100 

91 

114 

144 

144 

130 

64 
 
 Table of Contents 

Holders 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were five holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, as stockholders who are beneficial owners of our common stock hold such shares in street name through brokers and other nominees that are record holders of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since our inception. We do not plan to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, you should read the Risk Factors and Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 For a full discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, including a year-over-year comparison to the year ended December 31, 2020, please read the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which we filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 
 Overview 
 We are a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company seeking to improve lives through the curative potential of gene therapy. Our investigational gene therapies are designed to deliver functional genes to address genetic defects in cells, enabling the production of therapeutic proteins or antibodies that are intended to impact disease. Through a single administration, gene therapy could potentially alter the course of disease significantly and deliver improved patient outcomes with long-lasting effects. 
 Overview of Product Candidates 
 We have developed a broad pipeline of gene therapy programs using our proprietary adeno-associated virus (AAV) gene therapy delivery platform (NAV Technology Platform) to address genetic diseases. Our programs and product candidates are described below: 
 RGX-314: We are developing RGX-314 in collaboration with AbbVie as a potential one-time treatment for wet age-related macular degeneration (wet AMD), diabetic retinopathy (DR) and other additional chronic retinal conditions which cause total or partial vision loss. We are evaluating two separate routes of administration of RGX-314 to the eye: a subretinal delivery procedure as well as a targeted, in-office administration to the suprachoroidal space. We have licensed certain exclusive rights to the SCS Microinjector from Clearside Biomedical, Inc. (Clearside) to deliver gene therapy treatments to the suprachoroidal space of the eye. 

Enrollment is ongoing in two pivotal trials, ATMOSPHERE and ASCENT , to evaluate the efficacy and safety of RGX-314 in patients with wet AMD using the subretinal delivery approach, and we expect these pivotal trials to support a Biologics License Application (BLA) submission in 2024. 
 We are also evaluating the pharmacodynamics, safety and efficacy of RGX-314 in patients with wet AMD using the subretinal delivery approach in a Phase II bridging study using cGMP material produced by our NAVXpress bioreactor platform process. 
 We are also evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of suprachoroidal delivery of RGX-314 through AAVIATE , a multi-center, open label, randomized, controlled, dose-escalation Phase II trial of RGX-314 for the treatment of wet AMD. 
 We are also evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of RGX-314 for the treatment of DR through ALTITUDE , a multi-center, open label, randomized, controlled, dose-escalation Phase II trial. 
 RGX-202: We are developing RGX-202 for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy (Duchenne), a rare disease caused by mutations in the gene responsible for making dystrophin, a protein of central importance for muscle cell structure and function. Without dystrophin, muscles throughout the body degenerate and become weak, eventually leading to loss of movement and independence, required support for breathing, cardiomyopathy and premature death. 

AFFINITY DUCHENNE , a multicenter, open-label dose evaluation and dose expansion clinical trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability and clinical efficacy of a one-time intravenous (IV) dose of RGX-202 in patients with Duchenne, is active and recruiting patients. 
 The AFFINITY BEYOND trial, an observational screening study, is also active and recruiting patients. The primary objective is to evaluate the prevalence of AAV8 antibodies in patients with Duchenne up to 12 years of age. Information collected in this study may be used to identify potential participants for the AFFINITY DUCHENNE trial and potential future trials of RGX-202. 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 RGX-121: We are developing RGX-121 for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis Type II (MPS II), a rare disease caused by a deficiency of the IDS gene which encodes I2S, an enzyme that is responsible for the breakdown of structures that dispose of waste products inside cells. 

Enrollment is ongoing in the pivotal program of CAMPSIITE TM , a Phase I/II/III multi-center, open-label trial to evaluate the efficacy, safety, tolerability and pharmacodynamics of RGX-121 in patients with MPS II up to 5 years old. The trial is expected to enroll up to 10 MPS II patients using commercial-scale cGMP material to support a BLA filing in 2024 using the accelerated approval pathway, with the potential to enroll additional patients. 
 A second Phase I/II trial of RGX-121 is ongoing for the treatment of pediatric patients with MPS II ages 5-18 years old to evaluate the safety of a single administration of RGX-121, the effects of RGX-121 on biomarkers of I2S enzyme activity, and changes in cognitive function, adaptive behavior, daily function and quality of life. 
 RGX-111: We are developing RGX-111 for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis Type I (MPS I), a rare disease caused by a deficiency of IDUA, an enzyme required for the breakdown of structures that dispose of waste products inside cells. 

We are conducting a Phase I/II clinical trial in patients with MPS I to evaluate the safety, tolerability and pharmacodynamics of RGX-111, as well as the effects of RGX-111 on biomarkers of IDUA activity, neurocognitive development and other outcome measures. We continue with plans to enroll additional patients in a Cohort 2 expansion arm of the Phase I/II trial. 
 RGX-181: We are developing RGX-181 for the treatment of late-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease, a form of Batten disease, caused by mutations in the tripeptidyl peptidase 1 (TPP1) gene. 

RGX-381: We are developing RGX-381 for the treatment of the ocular manifestations of CLN2 disease. 

A clinical trial application (CTA) has been accepted by the UK Health Authority to support a first-in-human, open-label, dose-escalation Phase I/II clinical trial to evaluate the safety and tolerability, as well as the effect on retinal anatomic and functional outcomes, of the subretinal delivery of RGX-381 for the treatment of ocular manifestations of CLN2 disease. We expect to initiate the Phase I/II clinical trial in the first half of 2023. 
 Overview of Our NAV Technology Platform 
 In addition to our internal product development efforts, we also selectively license the NAV Technology Platform to other leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, which we refer to as NAV Technology Licensees. As of December 31, 2022, our NAV Technology Platform was being applied in one FDA approved product (Zolgensma ), and the preclinical and clinical development of a number of partnered programs. Licensing the NAV Technology Platform allows us to maintain our internal product development focus on our core disease indications and therapeutic areas while still expanding the NAV gene therapy pipeline, developing a greater breadth of treatments for patients, providing additional technological and potential clinical proof-of-concept for our NAV Technology Platform and creating potential additional revenue. 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 We are continuing to actively monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the emergence of variant strains and governmental reactions, on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were not significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations and financial condition in the future remains unknown at this time and will depend on future developments that are highly unpredictable. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of the risks we face as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Financial Overview 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues to date consist primarily of license and royalty revenue resulting from the licensing of our NAV Technology Platform and other intellectual property rights. We have not generated any revenues from commercial sales of our own products. If we fail to complete the development of our product candidates in a timely manner or obtain regulatory approval and adequate labeling, our ability to generate future revenues will be materially compromised. 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We license our NAV Technology Platform and other intellectual property rights to other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including collaborators for the joint development and commercialization of our product candidates. The terms of the licenses vary, and licenses may be exclusive or non-exclusive and may be sublicensable by the licensee. Licenses may grant intellectual property rights for purposes of internal and preclinical research and development only, or may include the rights, or options to obtain future rights, to commercialize drug therapies for specific diseases using the NAV Technology Platform and other licensed rights. License agreements generally have a term at least equal to the life of the underlying patents, but are terminable at the option of the licensee. Consideration from licensees under our license agreements may include: (i) up-front and annual fees, (ii) milestone payments based on the achievement of certain development and sales-based milestones, (iii) sublicense fees, (iv) royalties on sales of licensed products and (v) other consideration payable upon optional goods and services purchased by licensees. 
 Future license and royalty revenues are dependent on the successful development and commercialization of licensed products, which is uncertain, and revenues may fluctuate significantly from period to period. Additionally, we may never receive consideration in our license agreements that is contemplated on option fees, development and sales-based milestone payments, royalties on sales of licensed products or sublicense fees, given the contingent nature of these payments. Our revenues are concentrated among a low number of licensees and licenses are terminable at the option of the licensee. The termination of our licenses by licensees may materially impact the amount of revenue we recognize in future periods. Please refer to Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of segment and geographical information regarding our revenues. 
 Zolgensma Royalties 
 Royalty revenue to date consists primarily of royalties on net sales of Zolgensma, which is marketed by Novartis Gene Therapies, Inc. (formerly AveXis, Inc.) (Novartis Gene Therapies), a wholly owned subsidiary of Novartis AG (Novartis), for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). Zolgensma is a licensed product under our license agreement with Novartis Gene Therapies for the development and commercialization of treatments for SMA using the NAV Technology Platform. 
 Collaboration and License Agreement with AbbVie 
 Effective in November 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with AbbVie Global Enterprises Ltd. (AbbVie), a subsidiary of AbbVie Inc., to jointly develop and commercialize RGX-314 (the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement). We recognized license and royalty revenue of 370.0 million upon the effective date of the collaboration in November 2021, and the collaboration may materially impact our future revenues, operating expenses and operating cash flows associated with the development and commercialization of RGX-314. For additional information regarding the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement, please refer to Note 10, License and Collaboration Agreements AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement to the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist primarily of cost of revenues, research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses. Personnel costs including salaries, wages, benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation expense, comprise a significant component of research and development and general and administrative expenses. We allocate indirect expenses associated with our facilities, information technology costs, depreciation and other overhead costs between research and development and general and administrative categories based on employee headcount and the nature of work performed by each employee or using other reasonable allocation methodologies. 
 68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Our cost of revenues consists primarily of upstream fees due to our licensors as a result of revenue generated from the licensing of our NAV Technology Platform and other intellectual property rights, including sublicense fees and royalties on net sales of licensed products. Sublicense fees are based on a percentage of license fees received by us from licensees and are recognized in the period that the underlying license revenue is recognized. Royalties are based on a percentage of net sales of licensed products by licensees and are recognized in the period that the underlying sales occur. Future costs of revenues are uncertain due to the nature of our license agreements and significant fluctuations in cost of revenues may occur from period to period. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Our research and development expenses consist primarily of: 
 Salaries, wages and personnel-related costs, including benefits, travel and stock-based compensation, for our scientific personnel performing research and development activities; 

costs related to executing preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

costs related to acquiring, developing and manufacturing materials for preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

fees paid to consultants and other third parties who support our product candidate development; 

other costs in seeking regulatory approval of our product candidates; and 

direct costs and allocated costs related to laboratories and facilities, depreciation expense, information technology and other overhead. 

Up-front fees incurred in obtaining technology licenses for research and development activities, as well as associated milestone payments, are charged to research and development expense as incurred if the technology licensed has no alternative future use. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue development of our product candidates and engage in early research and development for prospective product candidates and new technologies. The following table summarizes our research and development expenses incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Direct Expenses 

RGX-314 

49,538 

26,084 

24,083 

RGX-202 

16,863 

8,215 

14,073 

RGX-121 and RGX-111 

12,265 

10,795 

13,646 

Other product candidates 

2,089 

2,632 

12,137 

Total direct expenses 

80,755 

47,726 

63,939 

Unallocated Expenses 

Platform and new technologies 

43,236 

35,188 

24,936 

Personnel-related 

90,383 

76,979 

63,531 

Facilities and depreciation expense 

22,820 

18,918 

12,488 

Other unallocated 

5,259 

2,626 

1,400 

Total unallocated expenses 

161,698 

133,711 

102,355 

Total research and development 

242,453 

181,437 

166,294 

Direct expenses related to the development of RGX-314 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include 19.3 million and 5.9 million, respectively, in net cost reimbursement from AbbVie under our eye care collaboration which were recorded as a reduction of research and development expenses during the periods. Net cost reimbursement from AbbVie includes reimbursement of personnel and overhead costs attributable to the development of RGX-314, the underlying costs of which are reported as unallocated expenses in the table above. We typically utilize our employee and infrastructure resources across our development programs. In general, we do not allocate personnel and other internal costs, such as facilities and other overhead costs, to specific product candidates or development programs. Platform and new technologies include direct costs not identifiable with a specific lead product candidate, including costs associated with our research and development platform used across programs, process development, manufacturing analytics and early research and development for prospective product candidates and new technologies. 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, wages and personnel-related costs, including benefits, travel and stock-based compensation, for employees performing functions other than research and development. This includes certain personnel in executive, commercial, corporate development, finance, legal, human resources, information technology, facilities and administrative support functions. Additionally, general and administrative expenses include facility-related and overhead costs not otherwise allocated to research and development expense, professional fees for accounting, legal, commercial and other advisory services, expenses associated with obtaining and maintaining patents, insurance costs, costs of our information systems and other general corporate activities. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will continue to increase as we continue to develop, and potentially commercialize, our product candidates. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest Income from Licensing 
 In accordance with our revenue recognition policy, interest income from licensing consists of imputed interest recognized from significant financing components identified in our license agreements with NAV Technology Licensees as well as interest income accrued on unpaid balances due from licensees. 
 Investment Income 
 Investment income consists of interest income earned and gains and losses realized from our cash equivalents, marketable securities and non-marketable equity securities, as well as unrealized gains and losses on marketable equity securities. Cash equivalents are comprised of money market mutual funds and highly liquid debt securities with original maturities of 90 days or less at acquisition. Marketable securities are comprised of available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest imputed on the liability related to the sale of future Zolgensma royalties to entities managed by Healthcare Royalty Management, LLC (collectively, HCR). Interest expense is recognized using the effective interest method, based on our estimate of total royalty payments expected to be received by HCR under the royalty purchase agreement. For further information regarding the royalty purchase agreement with HCR, please refer to Note 7, Liability Related to Sale of Future Royalties to the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities for the periods presented. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities, and other reported amounts, that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Our significant accounting policies are fully described in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe the following accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our financial statements and understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). Topic 606 requires entities to recognize revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The following five steps are performed to determine the appropriate revenue recognition for arrangements within the scope of Topic 606: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations. 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We apply the five-step model to contracts that are within the scope of Topic 606 only when it is probable that we will collect the consideration we are entitled to in exchange for the goods or services we transfer to the customer. At contract inception, for contracts within the scope of Topic 606, we assess the goods or services promised within each contract and determine those that are performance obligations and whether each promised good or service is distinct. We then recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to respective performance obligations when (or as) the respective performance obligations are satisfied. 
 We evaluate our contracts with customers for the presence of significant financing components. If a significant financing component is identified in a contract and provides a financing benefit to the customer, the transaction price for the contract is adjusted to account for the financing portion of the arrangement, which is recognized as interest income over the financing term using the effective interest method. In determining the appropriate interest rates for significant financing components, we evaluate the credit profile of the customer and prevailing market interest rates and select an interest rate in which we believe would be charged to the customer in a separate financing arrangement over a similar financing term. 
 License and royalty revenue 
 We license our NAV Technology Platform and other intellectual property rights to other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. The terms of the licenses vary, and licenses may be exclusive or non-exclusive and may be sublicensable by the licensee. Licenses may grant intellectual property rights for purposes of internal and preclinical research and development only, or may include the rights, or options to obtain future rights, to commercialize drug therapies for specific diseases using our NAV Technology Platform and other licensed rights. License agreements generally have a term at least equal to the life of the underlying patents, but are terminable at the option of the licensee. Consideration payable to us under our license agreements may include: (i) up-front and annual fees, (ii) milestone payments based on the achievement of certain development and sales-based milestones, (iii) sublicense fees, (iv) royalties on sales of licensed products and (v) other consideration payable upon optional goods and services purchased by licensees. 
 Our license agreements are accounted for as contracts with customers within the scope of Topic 606, with the exception of transactions for which the counterparty is determined not to be a customer. At the inception of each license agreement, we determine the contract term for purposes of applying the requirements of Topic 606. Licenses are generally terminable at the option of the licensee with advance notice to us. For each license granted, including licenses granted upon the exercise of license options, we evaluate these termination rights to determine whether a substantive termination penalty would be incurred by the licensee upon termination. If the licensee incurs a substantive termination penalty upon termination, the contract term for revenue recognition purposes is generally equal to the stated term of the license, which is the life of the underlying licensed patents. Alternatively, if the licensee does not incur a substantive termination penalty upon termination, the contract term for revenue recognition purposes may be shorter than the stated term of the license, in which case the termination rights may be accounted for as contract renewal options. The determination of whether a substantive termination penalty is associated with the termination rights requires significant judgment. In making this determination, we consider, among other things, the nature of the intellectual property rights that would be returned to us upon termination, including the exclusivity of the licensed rights and the stage of development of the licensed products, the payment terms, including the amount and timing of non-refundable or guaranteed payments, and the business purpose of the termination rights granted to the licensee. Generally, the most significant judgment in determining whether a substantive termination penalty exists relates to the amount of any up-front or guaranteed non-refundable payments relative to the amount of annual payments that may be avoided by the licensee upon termination of the license. We consider all of the facts and circumstances relevant to each license when making this determination. 
 Performance obligations under our license agreements may include (i) the delivery of intellectual property licenses, (ii) options granted to licensees to acquire additional licenses, to the extent the options represent material rights to the licensee, and (iii) research and development services to be performed by us related to licensed products. License agreements may provide licensees with contract renewal options or options to acquire additional licenses, goods or other services. Options are evaluated at the inception of the license agreement to determine whether they provide material rights to the licensee. In making this determination, we consider whether the options are priced at an incremental discount to the standalone selling price for the underlying licenses, goods or services, in which case the option is considered to be a material right to the licensee and is accounted for as a separate performance obligation under the current license agreement. At the inception of each license agreement which contains performance obligations for research and development services, we evaluate whether the license is distinct from the research and development services, which requires judgment. In making this determination, we consider, among other things, the stage of development of the licensed products and whether the research and development services will significantly impact further development of the licensed products. If it is determined that the license is not distinct from the research and development services, the license is combined with the research and development services into a single performance obligation. 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We evaluate the transaction price of our license agreements at the inception of each agreement and at each reporting date. The transaction price includes the fixed consideration payable to us during the contract term, as well as any variable consideration to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur in the future. Fixed consideration under the license agreements includes up-front and annual fees payable during the contract term. Variable consideration under the license agreements includes development and sales-based milestone payments, sublicense fees and royalties on sales of licensed products. Consideration contingent upon the exercise of options by a licensee is excluded from the transaction price and not accounted for as part of the license agreement until the option is exercised. 
 The transaction price for each license agreement is allocated to the underlying performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices and recognized as revenue when (or as) the performance obligations are satisfied. Consideration allocated to performance obligations for the delivery of an intellectual property license is recognized as revenue in full upon the delivery of the license to the licensee. Consideration allocated to performance obligations for license options is recognized as revenue in full upon the earlier of the option exercise or expiration. The exercise of a license option by a licensee is accounted for as a new license for revenue recognition purposes. Consideration allocated to performance obligations for research and development services is recognized as revenue as the services are performed by us. 
 Up-front and annual licenses fees payable to us over the contract term of each license are included in the transaction price, and the portion of this consideration allocated to the performance obligation for the delivery of the intellectual property license is recognized as revenue in full upon the delivery of the license to the licensee. If annual license fees are payable to us in periods beyond 12 months from the delivery of the license, a significant financing component is deemed to exist which provides a financing benefit to the licensee. If a significant financing component is identified, we adjust the transaction price for the license to include only the present value of the annual license fees payable to us over the contract term. The discounted portion of the license fees is recognized as interest income from licensing over the financing period of the license. 
 Development milestone payments are payable to us upon the achievement of specified development milestones. At the inception of each license agreement that contains development milestone payments, we evaluate whether the milestones are considered probable of achievement and estimate the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur in the future, milestone payments are included in the transaction price and recognized as revenue upon the delivery of the license. Milestone payments contingent on the achievement of development milestones that are not within our control or the control of the licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of being achieved and are excluded from the transaction price until the milestone is achieved. At each reporting date, we re-evaluate the probability of achievement of each outstanding development milestone and, if necessary, adjust the transaction price for any milestones for which the probability of achievement has changed due to current facts and circumstances. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis and recognized as revenue in the period of the adjustment. 
 Royalties on sales of licensed products, sales-based milestone payments, including milestones payable upon first commercial sales of licensed products, and sublicense fees based on the receipt of certain fees by licensees from any sublicensees are excluded from the transaction price of each license and recognized as revenue in the period that the related sales or sublicenses occur, provided that the associated license has been delivered to the licensee. 
 Royalty revenue to date consists primarily of royalties on net sales of Zolgensma, which is a licensed product under our license agreement with Novartis Gene Therapies for the development and commercialization of treatments for SMA. We recognize royalty revenue from net sales of Zolgensma in the period in which the underlying products are sold by Novartis Gene Therapies, which in certain cases may require us to estimate royalty revenue for periods of net sales which have not yet been reported to us. Estimated royalties are reconciled to actual amounts reported in subsequent periods, and any differences are recognized as an adjustment to royalty revenue in the period the royalties are reported. Sales-based milestone payments related to net sales of Zolgensma are recognized as royalty revenue in the period in which the milestone is achieved. 
 We receive payments from licensees based on the billing schedules established in each license agreement. Amounts recognized as revenue which have not yet been received from licensees, including unbilled royalties, are recorded as accounts receivable when our rights to the consideration are conditional solely upon the passage of time. Amounts recognized as revenue which have not yet been received from licensees are recorded as contract assets when our rights to the consideration are not unconditional. Contract assets are recorded as other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. If a licensee elects to terminate a license prior to the end of the license term, the licensed intellectual property is returned to us and any consideration recorded as accounts receivable or contract assets which is not contractually payable by the licensee is charged off as a reduction of license revenue in the period of the termination. Amounts received by us prior to the delivery of underlying performance obligations are deferred and recognized as revenue upon the satisfaction of the performance obligations. Deferred revenue which is not expected to be recognized within 12 months from the reporting date is recorded as non-current on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Collaborative Arrangements 
 We evaluate our agreements with collaboration partners to determine whether they are within the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (Topic 808). Such arrangements are within the scope of Topic 808 if they involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. This evaluation is performed throughout the life of the arrangement based on any changes in the roles and responsibilities of the parties under the arrangement. For collaboration arrangements within the scope of Topic 808 that contain multiple elements, we identify the various transactions with the counterparty and determine if any unit of account is more reflective of a transaction with a customer and therefore should be accounted for within the scope of Topic 606. For transactions that are accounted for pursuant to Topic 808, an appropriate method of recognition and presentation is determined and consistently applied. For transactions that are accounted for pursuant to Topic 606, we apply the five-step model as described in our revenue recognition policies. 
 For additional information regarding our collaborative arrangements, including our RGX-314 collaboration with AbbVie which became effective in November 2021, please refer to Note 10, License and Collaboration Agreements to the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements. 
 Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 We estimate our accrued research and development expenses as of each balance sheet date. This process involves reviewing contracts and purchase orders with service providers, identifying services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed, the expected remaining period of performance and the associated expenses incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual cost. Depending on the timing of payments to the service providers and the estimated expenses incurred, we may record net prepaid or accrued research and development expenses relating to these costs. 
 Examples of estimated accrued research and development expenses include fees paid to: 
 Contract research organizations (CROs) and other vendors in connection with preclinical development and clinical studies; 

Contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) and other vendors related to process development and manufacturing of materials for use in preclinical development and clinical studies; and 

service providers for professional service fees such as consulting and other research and development related services. 

Our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing may vary and may result in us reporting changes in estimates in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences from our estimates to the amount actually incurred. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 We account for our stock-based compensation awards in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . ASC 718 requires all stock-based awards to employees and nonemployees to be recognized as expense based on the grant date fair value of the awards. Our stock-based awards include stock options and restricted stock units granted to employees and nonemployees and shares issued to employees under our employee stock purchase plan. 
 Our stock-based awards may be subject to either service or performance-based vesting conditions. Compensation expense related to awards with service-based vesting conditions is recognized on a straight-line basis based on the estimated grant date fair value over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the vesting term. Compensation expense related to awards with performance-based vesting conditions is recognized based on the estimated grant date fair value over the requisite service period using the accelerated attribution method to the extent achievement of the performance condition is probable. 
 We have elected to not estimate forfeitures of stock-based awards and account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 We estimate the fair value of our stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the input of subjective assumptions, including (i) the fair value of the underlying common stock, (ii) the expected stock price volatility, (iii) the expected term of the award, (iv) the risk-free interest rate and (v) expected dividends. The fair value of our common stock, as used as an input to determine the fair value of our stock option awards, is based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of the grant. For reporting periods through December 31, 2020, we did not have sufficient historical or implied volatility data for our 
 73 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 common stock necessary to estimate expected volatility over a period of time commensurate with the expected term of our stock option awards. For such reporting periods, we estimated expected volatility based on a weighted-average of the historical volatility of our common stock and the common stock of a selected peer group of similar publicly traded companies for which sufficient historical volatility data was available. As more historical trading data became available over time, we gradually increased the weight placed on the historical volatility of our common stock versus the historical peer group volatility data. Effective January 1, 2021, we eliminated the use of historical peer group volatility data and now estimate expected volatility based solely on the historical volatility of our common stock given that sufficient historical volatility data has become available. Due to the lack of sufficient historical data, we estimate the expected term of our employee stock options using the simplified method, whereby the expected term equals the arithmetic average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the option. For stock options granted to nonemployees, we use the contractual term of the award rather than expected term to estimate the fair value of the award. We estimate the risk-free interest rates for periods within the expected term of its options based on the rates of U.S. Treasury securities with maturity dates commensurate with the expected term of the associated awards. We assume a dividend yield of zero for our common stock as we have never paid dividends and do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We estimate the fair value of our restricted stock units based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of the grant. 
 Interest Expense on Liability Related to Sale of Future Royalties 
 We recorded a liability for the net proceeds received from the sale of our Zolgensma royalty payments to HCR. The liability is amortized over the estimated life of the arrangement using the effective interest method. The total amount of royalty payments received by HCR under the agreement, less the net proceeds we received from the sale, is recorded as interest expense over the life of the arrangement. We estimate the effective interest rate based on our estimate of total future royalty payments to be received by HCR under the agreement. We reassess these estimates at each reporting date and adjust the effective interest rate and amortization of the liability on a prospective basis as necessary. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, which provides for deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are provided if based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of 83.1 million, U.S. state NOL carryforwards of 118.0 million and federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of 62.6 million (net of unrecognized tax benefits of 0.1 million) which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities. Our federal NOL carryforwards and a portion of our state NOL carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 may be carried forward indefinitely. The remaining portion of our state NOL carryforwards and our federal and state credit carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 expire at various dates between 2029 and 2042. 
 We have evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of our deferred tax assets, including our NOL and credit carryforwards. Based on our history of operating losses, and other relevant facts and circumstances, we concluded that it is more likely than not that the benefit of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, we provided a full valuation allowance for our net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Our consolidated results of operations were as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Revenues 

License and royalty revenue 

112,724 

470,347 

154,567 

(357,623) 

315,780 

Total revenues 

112,724 

470,347 

154,567 

(357,623) 

315,780 

Operating Expenses 

Cost of revenues 

54,545 

51,833 

35,714 

2,712 

16,119 

Research and development 

242,453 

181,437 

166,294 

61,016 

15,143 

General and administrative 

85,281 

79,333 

63,817 

5,948 

15,516 

Credit losses (recoveries) 

(2,569) 

7,678 

2,569 

(10,247) 

Other operating expenses (income) 

(6,679) 

333 

297 

(7,012) 

36 

Total operating expenses 

375,600 

310,367 

273,800 

65,233 

36,567 

Income (loss) from operations 

(262,876) 

159,980 

(119,233) 

(422,856) 

279,213 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest income from licensing 

342 

719 

4,271 

(377) 

(3,552) 

Investment income 

5,383 

6,825 

9,723 

(1,442) 

(2,898) 

Interest expense 

(23,254) 

(26,277) 

(771) 

3,023 

(25,506) 

Total other income (expense) 

(17,529) 

(18,733) 

13,223 

1,204 

(31,956) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(280,405) 

141,247 

(106,010) 

(421,652) 

247,257 

Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 

84 

(13,407) 

(5,240) 

13,491 

(8,167) 

Net income (loss) 

(280,321) 

127,840 

(111,250) 

(408,161) 

239,090 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 License and Royalty Revenue. License and royalty revenue decreased by 357.6 million, from 470.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 112.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to non-recurring revenue of 370.0 million recognized in 2021 upon the effectiveness of our collaboration and license agreement with AbbVie for the development and commercialization of RGX-314. The decrease in revenue was partially offset by Zolgensma royalty revenues, which increased by 6.9 million, from 95.0 million in 2021 to 101.9 million in 2022. As reported by Novartis, Zolgensma has been approved in most major markets and sales growth is now mainly driven by the incident patient population. 
 Cost of Revenues. Cost of revenues increased by 2.7 million, from 51.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 54.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to a non-recurring charge of 9.2 million recognized in the first quarter of 2022 related to the amendment of our license agreement with The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania (Penn) (the Penn License) to buy out our obligation to pay sublicense fees to Penn under the license agreement. For further information regarding the amendment of the Penn License, please refer to Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies to the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements. The increase in cost of revenues in 2022 resulting from the amendment to the Penn License was partially offset by a decrease in sublicense fees payable to licensors on revenues generated under our collaboration and license agreement with AbbVie. We incurred 8.5 million in sublicense fees in 2021 as a result of the non-recurring up-front revenue recognized under the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement during the period. We did not recognize any cost of revenues under the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement in 2022. 
 Research and Development Expense. Research and development expenses increased by 61.0 million, from 181.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 242.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to the following: 
 an increase of 33.6 million in costs associated with clinical trial activities for our lead product candidates, largely driven by the advancement of our RGX-314 clinical trials; 

an increase of 20.4 million in manufacturing-related expenses, primarily related to clinical supply for our RGX-314 and RGX-202 clinical trials; 

an increase of 13.4 million in personnel-related costs as a result of increased headcount of research and development personnel, including a 1.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, largely driven by the commencement of in-house manufacturing of clinical supply in 2022; and 

75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 an increase of 7.1 million in costs for laboratories and facilities used by research and development personnel, including a 3.4 million increase in depreciation expense allocated to research and development functions, largely driven by the occupation of our new corporate headquarters in mid-2021 and the activation of our cGMP facility in mid-2022. 

The increase in research and development expenses was partially offset by an increase of 13.4 million in net development cost reimbursement from AbbVie recorded in 2022 under our RGX-314 collaboration, which was recorded as a reduction of research and development expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expense. General and administrative expenses increased by 5.9 million, from 79.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 85.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to the following: 
 an increase of 2.1 million in information technology and software expenses, largely driven by enhancements to our information systems and infrastructure; 

an increase of 1.5 million for net cost reimbursement to AbbVie for commercialization and other general and administrative activities performed under our RGX-314 collaboration; and 

an increase of 0.4 million in personnel-related costs as a result of increased headcount of general and administrative personnel, including a 0.2 million increase in stock-based compensation expense. 

The remaining 2.0 million increase in general and administrative expenses in 2022 was primarily attributable to travel and meeting-related expenses and other corporate overhead costs. 
 Other Operating Expenses (Income). Other operating expenses (income) were (6.7) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily attributable to proceeds of 7.5 million received under a settlement agreement with a third party in the fourth quarter of 2022 that released certain claims regarding infringement of the Company's intellectual property. 
 Investment Income . Investment income decreased by 1.4 million, from 6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to a realized gain of 5.2 million recognized in 2021 upon the acquisition of our non-marketable equity securities of Corlieve Therapeutics SAS (Corlieve) by uniQure N.V. (uniQure) in July 2021. The decrease in investment income was partially offset by an increase of 3.8 million in interest income in 2022, primarily attributable to higher yields on investments in cash equivalents and marketable debt securities. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 565.2 million, which were primarily derived from the sale of our common stock, license and royalty revenue and the monetization of our Zolgensma royalty stream. We expect that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements, and are sufficient to meet our financial commitments and obligations, for at least the next 12 months from the date of this report, based on our current business plan. Our recent sources of liquidity include the following events and transactions: 
 Effective in November 2021, we entered into the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement for the development and commercialization of RGX-314. Pursuant to the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement, we received an up-front fee of 370.0 million from AbbVie upon the effective date of the agreement in November 2021, and we are eligible to receive up to 1.38 billion from AbbVie upon the achievement of specified development and sales-based milestones. Additionally, the parties will share equally in the net profits and net losses associated with the commercialization of RGX-314 in the United States, and we are eligible to receive tiered royalties on net sales by AbbVie of RGX-314 outside the United States. 

In January 2021, we completed a public offering of 4,899,000 shares of our common stock (inclusive of 639,000 shares pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares) at a price of 47.00 per share. The aggregate net proceeds from the offering, inclusive of the underwriters option exercise, were 216.1 million, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us. 

In December 2020, we entered into a royalty purchase agreement with HCR to monetize a portion of our Zolgensma royalty stream. Under the agreement, we received a gross up-front payment of 200.0 million from HCR in December 2020. In exchange, HCR received the rights to a capped amount of Zolgensma royalty payments under our license 

76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 agreement with Novartis Gene Therapies, including a portion of the royalty payments we received in the fourth quarter of 2020. The aggregate net proceeds received from the sale were 192.5 million, net of a 4.0 million deduction from the purchase price as payment for the pledged royalties we received in the fourth quarter of 2020 and other transaction costs payable by us. 

Novartis Gene Therapies launched commercial sales of Zolgensma in the second quarter of 2019, upon which we began recognizing royalty revenue on net sales of the licensed product. In accordance with the license agreement, Novartis Gene Therapies was obligated to pay a sales-based milestone fee of 80.0 million to us upon the achievement of 1.0 billion in cumulative net sales of licensed products. Novartis Gene Therapies achieved cumulative net sales of Zolgensma of 1.0 billion in third quarter of 2020 and we received payment of the 80.0 million milestone fee in October 2020. Upon the achievement of this milestone, there are no further development or sales-based milestones remaining under the associated license agreement with Novartis Gene Therapies for the development and commercialization of treatments for SMA. 

We intend to devote the majority of our current capital to clinical development, seeking regulatory approval of our product candidates and, if approved, commercialization of our product candidates, as well as additional capital expenditures needed to support these activities. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of gene therapy product candidates, we are unable to estimate the total amount of operating expenditures and capital outlays necessary to complete the development of our product candidates. Additionally, our estimates are based on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we may use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Furthermore, given the continuing uncertainty and volatile market and economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the potential for further effects due to a resurgence in COVID-19 infections, we will continue to monitor the nature and extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our liquidity and capital resources. 
 Cash Flows 
 Our consolidated cash flows were as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(207,488) 

218,875 

(54,061) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(11,929) 

(406,642) 

122,759 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(28,840) 

195,250 

200,214 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(248,257) 

7,483 

268,912 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Our net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 426.4 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was largely driven by the non-recurring up-front payment of 370.0 million received under the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement in November 2021 and an increase in research and development expenses in 2022. We expect to continue to incur regular net cash outflows from operations for the foreseeable future as we continue the development and advancement of our product candidates and other research programs. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash used in operating activities of 207.5 million consisted of a net loss of 280.3 million, offset by adjustments for non-cash items of 58.9 million and favorable changes in working capital of 14.0 million. Adjustments for non-cash items primarily consisted of stock-based compensation expense of 40.8 million and depreciation and amortization expense of 12.9 million. The changes in working capital include an increase in other liabilities of 8.1 million primarily attributable to a long-term liability recorded during the period related to the amendment of the Penn License in the first quarter of 2022. The favorable changes in working capital were partially offset by a net decrease in total accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 6.8 million largely driven by decreases in accrued sublicense fees and royalties and income taxes payable. Other changes in working capital were incurred in the normal course of business. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net cash provided by operating activities of 218.9 million consisted of net income of 127.8 million, adjustments for non-cash items of 50.8 million and favorable changes in working capital of 40.2 million. Adjustments for non-cash items primarily consisted of stock-based compensation expense of 38.8 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 9.6 million, net amortization of premiums on marketable debt securities of 5.8 million and non-cash interest expense recognized under our royalty purchase agreement with HCR of 4.6 million, and were partially offset by a realized gain of 5.2 million recognized upon the acquisition of our Corlieve equity securities by uniQure in July 2021. The changes in working capital include an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 29.9 million primarily attributable to increases 
 77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 in sublicense fees and royalties payable to licensors, income taxes payable and accrued personnel costs. The changes in working capital also included a decrease in accounts receivable of 14.1 million primarily attributable to amounts collected under our settlement agreement with Abeona, and an increase in operating lease liabilities of 12.1 million primarily attributable to funds received under our tenant improvement allowance for the buildout of our new headquarters facility in Rockville, Maryland. The favorable changes in working capital were partially offset by an increase in prepaid expenses of 8.2 million primarily attributable to advances paid to service providers for clinical trial and manufacturing-related services to be performed in future periods, and an increase in other current assets of 7.3 million primarily attributable to amounts due from AbbVie for reimbursement of development costs under our RGX-314 collaboration. Other changes in working capital were incurred in the normal course of business. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash used in investing activities primarily consisted of 184.9 million to purchase marketable debt securities and 30.7 million to purchase property and equipment, partially offset by 203.1 million in maturities of marketable debt securities. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net cash used in investing activities consisted of 498.1 million to purchase marketable debt securities and 84.2 million to purchase property and equipment, offset by 170.1 million in maturities of marketable debt securities and 5.6 million of proceeds received from the acquisition of our Corlieve equity securities by uniQure in July 2021. 
 The substantial majority of our capital expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were related to the buildout of our corporate, manufacturing and research headquarters in Rockville, Maryland, including our cGMP facility. The buildout of this facility was completed in 2022 and the facility is now fully operational. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash used in financing activities primarily consisted of 33.1 million of Zolgensma royalties paid, net of imputed interest, under our royalty purchase agreement with HCR, and was partially offset by 4.5 million in proceeds received from the exercise of stock options and issuance of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net cash provided by financing activities primarily consisted of 216.1 million in net proceeds received from a public offering of our common stock completed in January 2021, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses paid during the period, and 6.0 million in proceeds received from the exercise of stock options and issuance of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan, and was partially offset by 26.6 million of Zolgensma royalties paid, net of imputed interest, under our royalty purchase agreement with HCR. 
 Additional Capital Requirements 
 Our material capital requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to vendor service contracts and purchase commitments, in-license agreements, operating lease agreements and our Zolgensma royalty purchase agreement with HCR. 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into services agreements with CROs, CMOs and other third parties. Generally, these agreements provide for termination upon notice, with specified amounts due upon termination based on the timing of termination and the terms of the agreement. The amounts and timing of payments under these agreements are uncertain and contingent upon the initiation and completion of the services to be provided. 
 Obligations to licensors under our in-license agreements may include sublicense fees, milestones fees, royalties and reimbursement of patent maintenance costs. Sublicense fees are payable to licensors when we sublicense underlying intellectual property to third parties; the fees are based on a percentage of the license fees we receive from sublicensees. Milestone fees are payable to licensors upon our future achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones. Royalties are payable to licensors based on a percentage of net sales of licensed products. Patent maintenance costs are payable to licensors as reimbursement for the cost of maintaining licensed patents. Due to the contingent nature of the payments, the amounts and timing of payments to licensors under our in-license agreements are uncertain and may fluctuate significantly from period to period. 
 In March 2022, we entered into a letter agreement with Penn to buy out our obligation to pay sublicense fees under the Penn License. Pursuant to the letter agreement, we are obligated to pay Penn a total of 12.0 million to satisfy any other past or future obligations to pay sublicense fees under the Penn License, which is payable in four equal annual installments of 3.0 million beginning in March 2023. We are no longer obligated to pay sublicense fees to Penn under the license agreement, but remain 
 78 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 obligated to pay Penn royalties on net sales of licensed products, milestone fees and reimbursement of certain patent maintenance costs in accordance with the Penn License. 
 We have entered into a number of long-term operating leases for office, laboratory and manufacturing space in Rockville, Maryland, Washington, D.C. and New York, New York, as well as a number of laboratory and other equipment leases. Please refer to Note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our lease commitments. 
 Under the terms of our royalty purchase agreement with HCR, our future Zolgensma royalties, less amounts payable by us to certain licensors, will be payable to HCR up to a specified capped amount. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of future Zolgensma royalties to be paid to HCR under the agreement was 151.6 million if paid by November 7, 2024, or 191.6 million if paid after that date. We have no obligation to repay any amounts to HCR if total future Zolgensma royalty payments are not sufficient to repay these amounts. 
 Future Funding Requirements 
 We have incurred cumulative losses since our inception and had an accumulated deficit of 441.6 million as of December 31, 2022. Our transition to recurring profitability is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support our cost structure, which depends heavily on the successful development, approval and commercialization of our product candidates. We do not expect to achieve such revenues, and expect to continue to incur losses, for at least the next several years. We expect that our research and development and general and administrative expenses will continue to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of, and seek regulatory approval for, our product candidates. Subject to obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses for product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. Additionally, we expect to continue to incur capital expenditures associated with building out additional laboratory and manufacturing capacity to further support the development of our product candidates and potential commercialization efforts. As a result, we will need significant additional capital to fund our operations, which we may obtain through one or more equity offerings, debt financings or other third-party funding, including potential strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration arrangements. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the timing of enrollment, commencement and completion of our clinical trials; 

the results of our clinical trials; 

the results of our preclinical studies for our product candidates and any subsequent clinical trials; 

the scope, progress, results and costs of drug discovery, laboratory testing, preclinical development and clinical trials for our product candidates; 

the costs associated with building out additional laboratory and manufacturing capacity; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the costs of future product sales, medical affairs, marketing, manufacturing and distribution activities for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 

revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our products, should any of our product candidates receive marketing approval; 

revenue received from commercial sales of Zolgensma and the timing and amount of Zolgensma royalties paid to HCR under our royalty purchase agreement; 

revenue received from other commercial sales of our licensees and collaborators products, should any of their product candidates receive marketing approval, and other revenue received under our licensing agreements and collaborations; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending any intellectual property-related claims; 

our current licensing agreements or collaborations remaining in effect, including the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement; 

our ability to establish and maintain additional licensing agreements or collaborations on favorable terms, if at all; and 

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 

79 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Many of these factors are outside of our control. Identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain regulatory and marketing approval and achieve product sales. In addition, our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our product revenues, if any, and any commercial milestones or royalty payments under our licensing agreements, will be derived from or based on sales of products that may not be commercially available for many years, if at all. In addition, revenue from our NAV Technology Platform licensing is dependent in part on the clinical and commercial success of our licensing partners, including the commercialization of Zolgensma, and in part on maintaining our license agreements with our licensor partners, including GlaxoSmithKline LLC (GSK) and Penn. Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. 
 The issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. We also could be required to seek funds through arrangements with partners or otherwise that may require us to relinquish rights to our intellectual property, our product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. Our primary exposure to interest rate risk results from the cash equivalents and marketable securities in our investment portfolio. Our primary objectives in managing our investment portfolio are to preserve principal, maintain proper liquidity to meet operating needs and maximize yields. At any time, significant changes in interest rates can affect the fair value of the investment portfolio and its interest earnings. Currently, we do not hedge these interest rate exposures. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 565.2 million and 849.3 million, respectively. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 consisted of money market mutual funds, U.S. government and agency securities, certificates of deposit and corporate bonds. If market interest rates were to increase immediately and uniformly by 100 basis points, or one percentage point, from levels at December 31, 2022, we estimate that the increase would have resulted in a hypothetical decline of 4.0 million in the net fair value of our interest-sensitive securities. A similar increase in market interest rates as of December 31, 2021 would have resulted in an estimated hypothetical decline of 7.1 million in the net fair value of our interest-sensitive securities as of December 31, 2021. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk as a result of entering into transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, primarily including euros, British pounds and Japanese yen. All foreign currency transactions settle on the applicable spot exchange basis at the time such payments are made. Accordingly, an adverse movement in foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the aforementioned currencies could impact our results of operations and cash flows. Currently, we do not hedge these foreign currency exchange rate exposures. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and related financial statement schedules required to be filed are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and are incorporated herein. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROL S AND PROCEDURES 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive and financial officers, we assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our management s opinion, we have maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the COSO 2013 framework. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which accompanies our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Control systems, no matter how well conceived and operated, are designed to provide a reasonable, but not an absolute, level of assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Because of the inherent limitations in any control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 82 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item will be included in our proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (2023 Proxy Statement) under the headings Election of Directors, Information about our Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We maintain a code of business conduct and ethics that qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of the SEC s Regulation S-K and applies to each of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, or persons performing similar functions. The code of business conduct and ethics is available in the corporate governance section of our corporate website at www.regenxbio.com. Any amendment or waiver of the code of ethics provisions of the code of business conduct and ethics for an executive officer or director may be granted only by our Board of Directors or a committee thereof and must be timely disclosed as required by applicable law. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements regarding any such amendment or waiver applicable to any principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, in a current report filed with the SEC on Form 8-K or on our corporate website at www.regenxbio.com. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Corporate Governance, Director Compensation and Executive Compensation and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Executive Compensation and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINAN CIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules have been omitted because the information required to be presented in them is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or related notes. 

3. Exhibits. We have filed, or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference, the exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index immediately following the financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(b) Exhibits. See Item 15(a)(3) above. 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules. See Item 15(a)(2) above. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 

84 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REGENXBIO INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANC IAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 86 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 88 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 89 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 90 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 91 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 92 

85 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Regis tered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of REGENXBIO Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of REGENXBIO Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity, and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 86 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition License and Royalty Revenue 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's revenue is made up of license and royalty revenue. Management recognizes license revenue from (i) up-front and annual fees, (ii) milestone payments based on the achievement of certain development and sales-based milestones, and (iii) sublicense fees. Management recognizes royalty revenue on sales of licensed products. The Company s consolidated license and royalty revenue was 112.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to license and royalty revenue recognition is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls over the revenue recognition process. These procedures also included, among others, (i) evaluating license revenue transactions by obtaining a sample of revenue agreements and testing whether revenue was recognized in accordance with the terms of the agreement and the applicable accounting standard, (ii) obtaining and inspecting third party royalty reports and the related cash settlement, where applicable, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management, and (iv) evaluating the financial statement presentation and related disclosures. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 87 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REGENXBIO INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable (net of allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities 

Liability related to sale of future royalties 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Liability related to sale of future royalties 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock; par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 88 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REGENXBIO INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

License and royalty revenue 

Total revenues 

Operating Expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Credit losses (recoveries) 

() 

Other operating expenses (income) 

() 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

() 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest income from licensing 

Investment income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Other Comprehensive Loss 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net 

() 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 89 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REGENXBIO INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balances at December 31, 2019 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon public offering, net of transaction costs of 

Exercise of stock options, net of tax 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Vesting of restricted stock units, net of tax 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options, net of tax 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 90 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REGENXBIO INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for credit losses (recoveries) 

() 

Net amortization of premiums on marketable debt securities 

Net loss (gain) on investments 

() 

() 

Imputed interest income from licensing 

() 

() 

() 

Non-cash interest expense 

Other non-cash adjustments 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of marketable debt securities 

() 

() 

() 

Maturities of marketable debt securities 

Sales of marketable debt securities 

Sales of equity securities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Taxes paid related to net settlement of stock-based awards 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Proceeds from public offering of common stock, net of underwriting discounts and commissions 

Issuance costs for public offering of common stock 

() 

Proceeds from sale of future royalties 

Transaction costs for sale of future royalties 

() 

() 

Repayments under liability related to sale of future royalties, net of imputed interest 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid (received) for income taxes 

() 

Cash paid for imputed interest under liability related to sale of future royalties 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 91 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REGENXBIO INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANC IAL STATEMENTS 
 
 million since inception. As the Company has incurred cumulative losses since inception, transition to recurring profitability is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support the Company s cost structure, which depends heavily on the successful development, approval and commercialization of its product candidates. The Company may never achieve recurring profitability, and unless and until it does, the Company will continue to need to raise additional capital, to the extent possible. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of million, which management believes is sufficient to fund operations for at least the next 12 months from the date these consolidated financial statements were issued. 

operating segment. The Company s revenues consist of license and royalty revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , and of the Company s revenues were attributed to the U.S. and Germany, respectively, and no other countries were attributed or more of the Company s revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021 , and of the Company s revenues were attributed to Bermuda and the U.S., respectively, and no other countries were attributed or more of the Company s revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2020 , of the Company s revenues were attributed to the U.S. and no other countries were attributed or more of the Company s revenues. The country of origin for license revenue is determined based on the country of domicile of the licensee. The country of origin for royalty revenue is determined based on the location of the underlying net sales of licensed products. The substantial majority of the Company s assets reside in the U.S. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

between the fair value and amortized cost basis of the security is charged to results of operations resulting in a new amortized cost basis of the security. If the Company has the intent and ability to hold the security until recovery of the unrealized loss, the security is evaluated for potential credit losses. If a credit loss is deemed to exist, the credit loss is recognized in results of operations and an allowance for credit losses is recorded against the amortized cost basis of the security. In determining whether a credit loss exists related to impaired available-for-sale debt securities, the Company considers, among other factors, the extent of the unrealized loss relative to the amortized cost basis, the credit rating of the issuer and any recent changes thereto, current and expected future economic conditions, and any adverse events or other changes in circumstances that have occurred which may indicate a potential credit loss. The Company did not record an allowance for credit losses on its available-for-sale debt securities as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Represented less than 10 

years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 years 

Laboratory and manufacturing equipment 
 to 

Leasehold improvements 

million and million, respectively, related to the implementation of cloud-based software applications, which were included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of capitalized implementation costs for cloud-based applications recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, and was included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 measured based on the projected discounted future net cash flows arising from the assets. impairment losses on long-lived assets were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 and the Company does not have significant influence over the operations of the entity, or for which the equity securities are not common stock or in-substance common stock. The Company s non-marketable equity securities do not have readily determinable fair values and are measured at cost less impairment, adjusted for observable price changes for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Please refer to Note 4 for further information on non-marketable equity securities. 

provide licensees with contract renewal options or options to acquire additional licenses, goods or other services. Options are evaluated at the inception of the license agreement to determine whether they provide material rights to the licensee. In making this determination, the Company considers whether the options are priced at an incremental discount to the standalone selling price for the underlying licenses, goods or services, in which case the option is considered to be a material right to the licensee and is accounted for as a separate performance obligation under the current license agreement. At the inception of each license agreement which contains performance obligations for research and development services, the Company evaluates whether the license is distinct from the research and development services, which requires judgment. In making this determination, the Company considers, among other things, the stage of development of the licensed products and whether the research and development services will significantly impact further development of the licensed products. If it is determined that the license is not distinct from the research and development services, the license is combined with the research and development services into a single performance obligation. The Company evaluates the transaction price of its license agreements at the inception of each agreement and at each reporting date. The transaction price includes the fixed consideration payable to the Company during the contract term, as well as any variable consideration to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur in the future. Fixed consideration under the license agreements includes up-front and annual fees payable during the contract term. Variable consideration under the license agreements includes development and sales-based milestone payments, sublicense fees and royalties on sales of licensed products. Consideration contingent upon the exercise of options by a licensee is excluded from the transaction price and not accounted for as part of the license agreement until the option is exercised. The transaction price for each license agreement is allocated to the underlying performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices and recognized as revenue when (or as) the performance obligations are satisfied. Consideration allocated to performance obligations for the delivery of an intellectual property license is recognized as revenue in full upon the delivery of the license to the licensee. Consideration allocated to performance obligations for license options is recognized as revenue in full upon the earlier of the option exercise or expiration. The exercise of a license option by a licensee is accounted for as a new license for revenue recognition purposes. Consideration allocated to performance obligations for research and development services is recognized as revenue as the services are performed by the Company. Up-front and annual licenses fees payable to the Company over the contract term of each license are included in the transaction price, and the portion of this consideration allocated to the performance obligation for the delivery of the intellectual property license is recognized as revenue in full upon the delivery of the license to the licensee. If annual license fees are payable to the Company in periods beyond 12 months from the delivery of the license, a significant financing component is deemed to exist which provides a financing benefit to the licensee. If a significant financing component is identified, the Company adjusts the transaction price for the license to include only the present value of the annual license fees payable to the Company over the contract term. The discounted portion of the license fees is recognized as interest income from licensing over the financing period of the license. Development milestone payments are payable to the Company upon the achievement of specified development milestones. At the inception of each license agreement that contains development milestone payments, the Company evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of achievement and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur in the future, milestone payments are included in the transaction price and recognized as revenue upon the delivery of the license. Milestone payments contingent on the achievement of development milestones that are not within the control of the Company or the licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of being achieved and are excluded from the transaction price until the milestone is achieved. At each reporting date, the Company re-evaluates the probability of achievement of each outstanding development milestone and, if necessary, adjusts the transaction price for any milestones for which the probability of achievement has changed due to current facts and circumstances. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis and recognized as revenue in the period of the adjustment. Royalties on sales of licensed products, sales-based milestone payments, including milestones payable upon first commercial sales of licensed products, and sublicense fees based on the receipt of certain fees by licensees from any sublicensees are excluded from the transaction price of each license and recognized as revenue in the period that the related sales or sublicenses occur, provided that the associated license has been delivered to the licensee. Royalty revenue to date consists primarily of royalties on net sales of Zolgensma, which is a licensed product under the Company s license agreement with Novartis Gene Therapies, a wholly owned subsidiary of Novartis AG (Novartis), for the development and commercialization of treatments for spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). The Company recognizes royalty revenue from net sales of Zolgensma in the period in which the underlying products are sold by Novartis Gene Therapies, which in certain cases may require the Company to estimate royalty revenue for periods of net sales which have not yet been reported to the Company. Estimated royalties are reconciled to actual amounts reported in subsequent periods, and any differences are recognized as an adjustment to royalty revenue in the period the royalties are reported. Sales-based milestone payments related to net sales of Zolgensma are recognized as royalty revenue in the period in which the milestone is achieved. The Company receives payments from licensees based on the billing schedules established in each license agreement. Amounts recognized as revenue which have not yet been received from licensees, including unbilled royalties, are recorded as accounts receivable when the Company s rights to the consideration are conditional solely upon the passage of time. Amounts recognized as revenue which have not yet been received from licensees are recorded as contract assets when the Company s rights to the consideration are not unconditional. Contract assets are recorded as other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets if the consideration is expected to be realized within 12 months from the reporting date, or as other assets if the consideration is expected to be realized in periods beyond 12 months from the reporting date. If a licensee elects to terminate a license prior to the end of the license term, the licensed intellectual property is returned to the Company and any consideration recorded as accounts receivable or contract assets which is not contractually payable by the licensee is charged off as a reduction of license revenue in the period of the termination. Amounts received by the Company prior to the delivery of underlying performance obligations are deferred and recognized as revenue upon the satisfaction of the performance obligations by the Company. Deferred revenue which is not expected to be recognized within 12 months from the reporting date is recorded as non-current on the consolidated balance sheets. Collaborative Arrangements The Company evaluates its agreements with collaboration partners to determine whether they are within the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (Topic 808). Such arrangements are within the scope of Topic 808 if they involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. This evaluation is performed throughout the life of the arrangement based on any changes in the roles and responsibilities of the parties under the arrangement. For collaboration arrangements within the scope of Topic 808 that contain multiple elements, the Company identifies the various transactions with the counterparty and determines if any unit of account is more reflective of a transaction with a customer and therefore should be accounted for within the scope of Topic 606. For transactions that are accounted for pursuant to Topic 808, an appropriate method of recognition and presentation is determined and consistently applied. For transactions that are accounted for pursuant to Topic 606, the Company applies the five-step model as described in its revenue recognition policies. For transactions accounted for as collaborative arrangements under Topic 808, payments to and from collaboration partners associated with multiple activities in a collaboration arrangement are classified based on the nature of each separate activity. Payments associated with development activities performed are recorded as research and development expense when owed to collaboration partners, or as a reduction of research and development expense when due from collaboration partners. Payments associated with commercialization activities performed are recorded as general and administrative expense when owed to collaboration partners, or as a reduction of general and administrative expense when due from collaboration partners. At the end of each reporting period, the Company records a net amount due to or from collaboration partners for activities performed by the parties under the collaboration. 
 
 payments to licensors, are charged to research and development expense as incurred if the technology licensed has no alternative future use. 
 
 accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions and amounts have been recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

() 

Certificates of deposit 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

Amortized Cost 

Unrealized Gains 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

December 31, 2021 

U.S. government and agency securities 

() 

Certificates of deposit 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , available-for-sale debt securities had remaining maturities greater than three years. The amortized cost of marketable debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity, or to the earliest call date for callable debt securities purchased at a premium. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the balance in accumulated other comprehensive loss consisted solely of unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities, net of reclassification adjustments for realized gains and losses and income tax effects.) 

() 

() 

Realized losses (gains) reclassified to investment income 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Certificates of deposit 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Less than 12 Months 

12 Months or Greater 

Total 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

December 31, 2021 

U.S. government and agency securities 

() 

() 

Certificates of deposit 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 , available-for-sale debt securities held by the Company which were in an unrealized loss position consisted of investment grade security positions. The Company has the intent and ability to hold such securities until recovery, and based on the credit quality of the issuers and low severity of each unrealized loss position relative to its amortized cost basis, the Company did not identify any credit losses associated with its available-for-sale debt securities. The Company did not recognize any impairment or credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized total net realized and unrealized gains of million related to its marketable equity securities of Prevail Therapeutics Inc. (Prevail). The Prevail securities were acquired as consideration for a license to the NAV Technology Platform granted by the Company to Prevail in August 2017. Prevail completed its initial public offering (IPO) in June 2019, prior to which the securities were accounted for as non-marketable equity securities without a readily determinable fair value and had a carrying value of million. Upon Prevail s IPO in June 2019, the securities were reclassified to marketable securities and remeasured at fair value at each subsequent reporting date. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had sold all of its Prevail equity securities. 

Corporate bonds 

Total cash equivalents 

Marketable securities: 

U.S. government and agency securities 

Certificates of deposit 

Corporate bonds 

Total marketable securities 

Total cash equivalents and marketable securities 

Quoted 

Significant 

prices 

other 

Significant 

in active 

observable 

unobservable 

markets 

inputs 

inputs 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market mutual funds 

Total cash equivalents 

Marketable securities: 

U.S. government and agency securities 

Certificates of deposit 

Corporate bonds 

Total marketable securities 

Total cash equivalents and marketable securities 

Management estimates that the carrying values of its current accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of those instruments. Accounts receivable which contain non-current portions and certain non-current payables reported as other liabilities are recorded at their present values using a discount rate that is based on prevailing market rates on the date the amounts were initially recorded. Management does not believe there have been any significant changes in market conditions or credit quality that would cause the discount rates initially used to be materially different from those that would be used as of December 31, 2022 to determine the present value of these instruments. Accordingly, management estimates that the carrying values of its non-current accounts receivable and other liabilities approximate the fair value of those instruments. Management estimates that the carrying value of the liability related to the sale of future royalties approximates fair value. As discussed in Note 7, the carrying value of the liability related to the sale of future royalties is based on the Company s estimate of future royalties expected to be paid to HCR over the life of the arrangement, which are considered Level 3 inputs. Non-marketable Equity Securities Non-marketable equity securities are measured at cost less impairment, adjusted for observable price changes for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. The Company did not hold any non-marketable equity securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. remeasurements or impairment losses were recorded on non-marketable equity securities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company held non-marketable equity securities of Corlieve Therapeutics SAS (Corlieve) prior to the acquisition of Corlieve by uniQure N.V. (uniQure) in July 2021. Th e securities were acquired by the Company in June 2020 as consideration under a license and collaboration agreement with Corlieve. As a result of the acquisition of Corlieve by uniQure in July 2021, the Company received total proceeds of million million) from uniQure in exchange for its ownership in Corlieve, of which million was received upon the closing of the acquisition and million was received in August 2022 upon the expiration of a hold back period. The Company recorded a realized gain of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of the acquisition of its Corlieve securities by uniQure, which is included in investment income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). In connection with the acquisition, the Company is also eligible to receive payments of up to million million as of December 31, 2022) from uniQure contingent upon the achievement of various development and regulatory milestones, none of which have been recognized in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. Proceeds contingent upon the achievement of these milestones will be recognized as investment income in the period in which any uncertainty regarding realization is substantially resolved, which may not occur until the achievement of the underlying milestones. It is at least reasonably possible that some or all of the proceeds contingent upon these milestones will not be realized by the Company. 

Computer equipment and software 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded depreciation and amortization expense of million , million and million, respectively. 

square feet of office, laboratory and manufacturing space at 9804 Medical Center Drive in Rockville, Maryland (the 9804 Medical Center Drive Lease), which now serves as the Company s corporate, research and manufacturing headquarters. upon delivery of the leased premises to the Company to make additional improvements to the building. Monthly payments under the lease began in September 2021 and escalate annually in accordance with the lease agreement. The lease expires in September 2036 , subject to extension and termination options held by the Company. additional years and the option to terminate the lease, with payment of an early termination fee, after years from the delivery of the leased premises to the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s extension and termination options under the 9804 Medical Center Drive Lease have been excluded from the measurement of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities as they were not reasonably certain of exercise. As required by the 9804 Medical Center Drive Lease, the Company has provided the landlord with an irrevocable letter of credit of million which the landlord may draw upon in the event of any uncured default by the Company under the terms of the lease. Pursuant to the 9804 Medical Center Drive Lease, the Company received a million tenant improvement allowance from the landlord to perform improvements to the leased premises. The tenant improvement allowance has been recorded as a reduction of the right-of-use assets for the lease and is amortized on a straight-line basis as a reduction of lease expense over the term of the lease. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unreimbursed amounts remaining under the tenant improvement allowance of million, which were deemed in-substance lease payments and recorded as a reduction of the lease liability. The Company began occupation of a portion of the facility upon the completion of its construction in 2021. The remaining portion of the building, primarily associated with the manufacturing facility, was activated upon the completion of its construction in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded property and equipment at cost of million related to the buildout at 9804 Medical Center Drive, of which million was placed in service upon the initial occupation of the building in 2021, million was placed in service upon the activation of the manufacturing facility in 2022, and the remaining million has not yet been placed in service. The Company recorded the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities related to the 9804 Medical Center Drive Lease upon its commencement in September 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded right-of-use assets of million and lease liabilities of million related to the 9804 Medical Center Drive Lease. 9712 Medical Center Drive In March 2015, the Company entered into an operating lease for office space at 9712 Medical Center Drive in Rockville, Maryland (the 9712 Medical Center Drive Lease). The lease term commenced in , and monthly payments under the lease began in October 2015 and escalate annually in accordance with the lease agreement. The 9712 Medical Center Drive Lease has been amended from time to time to include additional office and laboratory space at an adjacent building located at 9714 Medical Center Drive and extend the term of the lease. The October 2020 amendment resulted in a million increase in the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities under the 9712 Medical Center Drive Lease. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s extension options under the 9712 Medical Center Drive Lease have been excluded from the measurement of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities as they were not reasonably certain of exercise. The Company received a million tenant improvement allowance from the landlord which has been recorded as a reduction of the right-of-use assets for the lease and is amortized on a straight-line basis as a reduction of lease expense over the term of the lease. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded right-of-use assets of million and lease liabilities of million related to the 9712 Medical Center Drive Lease. Other Leases In May 2016, the Company entered into an operating lease for office space in New York, New York (the New York Lease), which has since been amended to include additional office space and extend the term of the lease. The lease term commenced in and expires in April 2027 . The Company received a million tenant improvement allowance from the landlord which has been recorded as a reduction of the right-of-use assets for the lease and is amortized on a straight-line basis as a reduction of lease expense over the term of the lease. As required by the New York Lease, the Company has provided the landlord with an irrevocable letter of credit of million which the landlord may draw upon in the event of any uncured default by the Company under the terms of the lease. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded right-of-use assets of million and lease liabilities of million related to the New York Lease. In October 2022, the Company entered into an operating lease for office space in Washington, D.C. (the DC Lease). The lease term commenced in and expires in October 2027 . As of December 31, 2022, the Company s extension option under the DC Lease has been excluded from the measurement of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities as it was not reasonably certain of exercise. The Company recorded the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities related to the DC Lease upon its commencement in October 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded right-of-use assets of million and lease liabilities of million related to the DC Lease. In November 2020, the Company exercised its termination option under the operating lease for its former corporate headquarters at 9600 Blackwell Road in Rockville, Maryland (the 9600 Blackwell Road Lease). Upon exercise of the termination option, the Company was obligated to pay an early termination fee of million and the lease term was reduced from September 2023 to September 2021 . The exercise of the termination option in November 2020 resulted in a million decrease in the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities under the 9600 Blackwell Road Lease, and the lease was terminated upon its expiration in September 2021. The Company leases additional office, laboratory and warehousing space, as well as laboratory and other equipment, under operating leases with various expiration dates through , including leases which have been executed but have not yet commenced. Operating Lease Information All of the Company s leases are classified as operating leases. 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Cash paid (received) for amounts included in operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Right-of-use assets acquired through operating lease liabilities 

Cash paid (received) for amounts included in operating lease liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes million, million and million, respectively, received by the Company during the period under its tenant improvement allowances, which were deemed in-substance lease payments and included in the calculation of the lease liability. Right-of-use assets acquired through operating lease liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2020 includes additions and reductions to right-of-use assets associated with the changes in lease term that occurred during the period under the 9712 Medical Center Drive Lease and the 9600 Blackwell Road Lease. Short-term lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was not material and is included in operating lease cost in the table above. Variable lease cost under the Company s operating leases includes items such as common area maintenance, utilities, taxes and other charges. 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

Amount representing imputed interest 

() 

Tenant improvement allowance not yet received 

() 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

() 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

The table above excludes future minimum lease payments for leases which were executed but had not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022, the total of which were not material. 

million of royalty payments received by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2020 (the Pledged Royalties). In consideration for these rights, HCR paid the Company million (the Purchase Price), less 4.0 million representing the payment of the Pledged Royalties to HCR. Beginning upon the effective date of the Royalty Purchase Agreement, Zolgensma royalty payments, up to a specified threshold, shall be paid to HCR, net of upstream royalties payable by the Company to certain licensors in accordance with existing license agreements. Pursuant to the Royalty Purchase Agreement, the total amount of royalty payments to be received by HCR under the agreement is subject to an increasing cap (the Cap Amount) equal to (i) million applicable for the period from the effective date of the Royalty Purchase Agreement through November 7, 2024, and (ii) million applicable for the period from November 8, 2024 through the effective date of termination of the Novartis License. If, on or prior to the defined dates for each Cap Amount, the total amount of royalty payments received by HCR equals or exceeds the Cap Amount applicable to such date, the Royalty Purchase Agreement will automatically terminate and all rights to the Zolgensma royalty payments will revert back to the Company. The Company has no obligation to repay any amounts to HCR if total future Zolgensma royalty payments are not sufficient to achieve the applicable Cap Amount prior to the termination of the Novartis License. The Company has a call option to repurchase its rights to the purchased royalties from HCR for a repurchase price equal to, as of the option exercise date, million minus the total amount of royalty payments received by HCR; provided, however, that with respect to a call option exercised on or before November 7, 2024, in the event that the then applicable Cap Amount minus the total amount of royalty payments received by HCR is less than million, the repurchase price shall equal such difference. The proceeds received from HCR of million were recorded as a liability, net of transaction costs of million, which is amortized over the estimated life of the arrangement using the effective interest method. In order to determine the amortization of the liability, the Company is required to estimate the total amount of future royalty payments to be received by HCR, subject to the Cap Amount, over the life of the arrangement. The total amount of royalty payments received by HCR under the Royalty Purchase Agreement, less the net proceeds received by the Company of million, is recorded as interest expense over the life of the arrangement using the effective interest method. Due to its continuing involvement in the Novartis License, the Company continues to recognize royalty revenue on net sales of Zolgensma and records the royalty payments to HCR as a reduction of the liability when paid. As such payments are made to HCR, the balance of the liability will be effectively repaid over the life of the Royalty Purchase Agreement. The Company estimates the effective interest rate used to record interest expense under the Royalty Purchase Agreement based on its estimate of future royalty payments to be received by HCR. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated effective interest rate under the Royalty Purchase Agreement was . Over the life of the arrangement, the actual effective interest rate will be affected by the amount and timing of the royalty payments received by HCR and changes in the Company s forecasted royalties. At each reporting date, the Company reassesses its estimate of total future royalty payments to be received by HCR at the applicable Cap Amount, and prospectively adjusts the effective interest rate and amortization of the liability as necessary. 

Zolgensma royalties paid to HCR 

() 

Interest expense recognized 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Zolgensma royalties paid to HCR 

() 

Interest expense recognized 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Current portion of liability related to sale of future royalties 

() 

Liability related to sale of future royalties, non-current 

million upon the achievement of various development and sales-based milestones and additional royalties on net sales of licensed products for the treatment of CLN2 disease, none of which have been achieved or deemed probable of achievement as of December 31, 2022. In March 2022, the Company and Penn entered into a letter agreement (the Penn Letter Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will pay to Penn a total of million, consisting of (i) million paid in April 2022 to satisfy payment of any sublicense fees due or owed in the future under the Penn License as a result of the Company s collaboration and license agreement with AbbVie Global Enterprises Ltd., and (ii) million to satisfy any other past or future obligations of the Company to pay sublicense fees under the Penn License, which is payable in equal annual installments of million beginning in March 2023. The Penn Letter Agreement amended the Penn License to remove the Company s obligations to pay sublicense fees under the license agreement. The Company remains obligated to pay Penn royalties on net sales of licensed products, milestone fees and reimbursement of certain patent maintenance costs in accordance with the Penn License. In connection with the execution of the Penn Letter Agreement, the Company s royalty obligations under its March 2009 license agreement with GlaxoSmithKline LLC (GSK) (the GSK License) were assigned by GSK to Penn. Beginning upon the effective date of the Penn Letter Agreement in March 2022, any royalties payable by the Company under the GSK License shall be paid to Penn rather than GSK. The Company recognized a charge of million as cost of revenues upon the execution of Penn Letter Agreement in March 2022, which consisted of million representing the present value of the million payable under the Penn Letter Agreement, less million in sublicense fees previously recognized as expense by the Company in prior periods and accrued as liabilities prior to the effectiveness of the Penn Letter Agreement. The present value discount is accreted as interest expense over the contractual payment period using the effective interest method. 

General and administrative 

Interest expense 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded million payable under the Penn License, net of present value discount, of which million was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and million was included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had recorded million payable under the Penn License, of which million was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and million was included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. GlaxoSmithKline In March 2009, the Company entered into the GSK License, which was amended in April 2009, for exclusive, worldwide rights to certain patents underlying the Company s NAV Technology Platform which are owned by Penn and exclusively licensed to GSK. Pursuant to the GSK License, the Company is obligated to pay GSK royalties on net sales of licensed products and sublicense fees. Additionally, the Company is obligated to reimburse GSK for certain costs incurred related to the maintenance of the licensed patents. The Company was also obligated to pay million to GSK upon the achievement of various milestones, all of which have been achieved and paid as of December 31, 2022. In connection with the execution of the Penn Letter Agreement in March 2022, the Company s royalty obligations under the GSK License were assigned by GSK to Penn. Beginning upon the effective date of the Penn Letter Agreement in March 2022, any royalties payable by the Company under the GSK License shall be paid to Penn rather than GSK. The Company remains obligated to pay GSK sublicense fees and reimbursement of certain patent maintenance costs in accordance with the GSK License. 

Other cost of revenues 

Total cost of revenues 

General and administrative 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded million payable under the GSK License, of which million was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and million was included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had recorded million payable under the GSK License, of which million was included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and million was included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Royalties incurred under the GSK License during the year ended December 31, 2022, including royalties payable as of December 31, 2022, were assigned by GSK to Penn in connection with the Penn Letter Agreement, and therefore were payable by the Company to Penn rather than GSK. Clearside Biomedical In August 2019, the Company entered into an option and license agreement with Clearside Biomedical, Inc. (Clearside) pursuant to which the Company was granted an option to exclusively license the worldwide rights to certain patents related to Clearside s proprietary, in-office SCS Microinjector for the delivery of RGX-314 to the suprachoroidal space to treat wet age-related macular degeneration (wet AMD), diabetic retinopathy (DR) and other diseases. The Company exercised its license option in October 2019, resulting in a payment of million to Clearside which was recognized as research and development expense upon exercise. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay milestone fees of up to million upon the achievement of various development and sales-based milestones, as well as royalties on net sales of licensed products using the SCS Microinjector. Clearside is responsible for supplying the SCS Microinjector to the Company to support all preclinical, clinical and commercial needs. From the inception of the agreement through December 31, 2022, the Company had incurred million for development milestones achieved, or deemed probable of achievement, under the agreement. Other Licenses In November 2014, the Company entered into a license agreement, which has been amended from time to time, with Regents of the University of Minnesota (Minnesota), for an exclusive license to Minnesota s interest in certain patent rights which are co-owned by Minnesota and the Company to commercialize products covered by the licensed patent rights in any country or territory in which a licensed patent has been issued and is unexpired, or a licensed patent application is pending. Pursuant to the license agreement, the Company is obligated to pay Minnesota annual maintenance fees, royalties on net sales, sublicense fees and fees upon the achievement of various milestones. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay for certain costs incurred related to the maintenance of the licensed patents. In August 2018, the Company entered into a license agreement with Emory University (Emory) for an exclusive license to Emory s interest in certain patent rights which are co-owned by Emory and the Company to commercialize products covered by the licensed patent rights in any country or territory. Pursuant to the license agreement, the Company is obligated to reimburse Emory for patent prosecution and maintenance expenses and pay Emory annual maintenance fees under certain circumstances, royalties on net sales, sublicense fees and fees upon the achievement of various milestones for the first licensed product. In June 2022, the Company entered into a license agreement with Johns Hopkins University (JHU) for an exclusive license to JHU's interest in certain patent rights which are co-owned by JHU and the Company to commercialize products covered by the licensed patent rights in any country or territory. Pursuant to the license agreement, the Company paid JHU an upfront fee and is obligated to pay JHU royalties on net sales, minimum annual royalties, sublicense fees and fees upon the achievement of various milestones for the first two licensed products. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay for certain costs incurred related to the maintenance of the licensed patents. Other Funding Commitments In the normal course of business, the Company enters into agreements with contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations and other third parties for services to be provided to the Company. Generally, these agreements provide for termination upon notice, with specified amounts due upon termination based on the timing of termination and the terms of the agreement. The actual amounts and timing of payments under these agreements are uncertain and contingent upon the initiation and completion of services to be provided to the Company. Guarantees and Indemnifications In the normal course of business, the Company enters into agreements that contain a variety of representations and provide for general indemnification. The Company s potential exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future. To date, the Company has t paid any claims or been required to defend any action related to its indemnification obligations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company did t have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible and consequently had not recorded any related liabilities. Settlement Agreement In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with a third party pursuant to which the Company released certain claims regarding infringement of the Company's intellectual property. In consideration for the release of claims made by the Company, the Company was paid million, which was recorded as other operating income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 110 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. The Company s restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain the rights, preferences and privileges of the Company s stockholders and their respective shares. In January 2021, the Company completed a public offering of shares of its common stock (inclusive of shares pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares) at a price of per share. The aggregate net proceeds received by the Company from the offering, inclusive of the underwriters option exercise, were million, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company. 

Reserved for issuance under employee stock purchase plan 

commercially available product, Zolgensma, and in the development of a number of licensed products. Additionally, the Company has licensed intellectual property rights to collaborators for the joint development of certain product candidates. Consideration to the Company under its license agreements may include: (i) up-front and annual fees, (ii) milestone payments based on the achievement of certain development and sales-based milestones, (iii) sublicense fees, (iv) royalties on sales of licensed products and (v) other consideration payable upon optional goods and services purchased by licensees. Sublicense fees vary by license and range from a mid-single digit percentage to a low-double digit percentage of license fees received by licensees as a result of sublicenses. Royalties on net sales of commercialized products vary by license and range from a mid-single digit percentage to a low double-digit percentage of net sales by licensees. 

Achievement of sales-based milestone for Zolgensma 

AbbVie collaboration and license agreement 

Other license and royalty revenue 

Total license and royalty revenue 

Outstanding development milestone payments are evaluated each reporting period and are only included in the transaction price of each license and recognized as license revenue to the extent the milestones are considered probable of achievement. Sales-based milestones are excluded from the transaction price of each license agreement and recognized as royalty revenue in the period of achievement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s license agreements, excluding additional licenses that could be granted upon the exercise of options by licensees, contained unachieved milestones which could result in aggregate milestone payments to the Company of up to billion, including (i) million upon the commencement of various stages of clinical trials, (ii) million upon the submission of regulatory approval filings, (iii) million upon the approval of commercial products by regulatory agencies and (iv) million upon the achievement of specified sales targets for licensed products, including milestones payable upon the first commercial sales of licensed products. To the extent the milestone payments are realized by the Company, the Company will be obligated to pay sublicense fees to licensors based on a specified percentage of the fees earned by the Company. The achievement of these milestones is highly dependent on the successful development and commercialization of licensed products and it is at least reasonably possible that some or all of the milestone fees will not be realized by the Company. Changes in Accounts Receivable, Contract Assets and Deferred Revenue 

End of period 

Contract assets: 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Deferred revenue, current and non-current: 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Revenue recognized during the period from: 

Amounts included in deferred revenue at beginning of period 

Performance obligations satisfied in previous periods 

Contract assets as of December 31, 2021 are included in other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company did t record any contract assets as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had recorded deferred revenue of million which represents consideration received or unconditionally due from licensees for performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied by the Company. Unsatisfied performance obligations as of December 31, 2022 consisted of research and development services to be performed by the Company related to licensed products, which will be satisfied as the research and development services are performed. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate transaction price of the Company's license agreements allocated to performance obligations not yet satisfied, or partially satisfied, was million, which is expected to be satisfied over a period of two to s. Revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods was primarily attributable to Zolgensma royalties, the achievement of sales-based milestones, sublicense fees earned from licensees and changes in the transaction prices of the Company s license agreements. Changes in transaction prices were primarily attributable to development milestones achieved or deemed probable of achievement during the periods which were previously not considered probable of achievement, resulting in a cumulative catch-up adjustment to revenue. Revenue recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 resulting from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods included , million and million, respectively, in cumulative catch-up adjustments for changes in the probability of achievement of development milestones. Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2020 resulting from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods also includes million recognized upon the achievement of a sales-based milestone for net sales of Zolgensma. Accounts Receivable, Contract Assets and the Allowance for Credit Losses 

Unbilled Zolgensma royalties 

Due from Abeona 

Other unbilled 

Allowance for credit losses 

Current accounts receivable, net 

Non-current accounts receivable: 

Due from Abeona, net of present value discount 

Other unbilled 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Non-current accounts receivable, net 

Total accounts receivable, net 

Provision for credit losses (recoveries) 

() 

Changes in present value discount of receivables 

() 

Write-offs 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Changes in present value discount of receivables 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The Company s allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was related solely to accounts receivable from Abeona. Please refer to the section below, Settlement Agreement with Abeona Therapeutics, for further information regarding amounts due from Abeona and the associated allowance for credit losses. The Company s provision for credit losses (recoveries) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively, and was related solely to changes in estimates regarding the collectability of the accounts receivable due from Abeona. provision for credit losses (recoveries) was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. Zolgensma License with Novartis Gene Therapies In March 2014, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement (as amended, the Novartis License) with Novartis Gene Therapies. Under the Novartis License, the Company granted Novartis Gene Therapies an exclusive, worldwide commercial license, with rights to sublicense, to the NAV Technology Platform, as well as other certain rights, for the treatment of SMA in humans by in vivo gene therapy. In consideration for the rights granted under the license, Novartis Gene Therapies paid the Company (i) an up-front fee of million upon the execution of the agreement in 2014, (ii) license fees totaling million upon the amendment of the agreement in January 2018 and the subsequent acquisition of AveXis, Inc. (now Novartis Gene Therapies) by Novartis in May 2018, (iii) total cumulative payments of million upon the achievement of various development milestones, and (iv) a sales-based milestone payment of million upon the achievement of billion in cumulative net sales of Zolgensma. In addition to the consideration above, Novartis Gene Therapies is obligated to pay to the Company fixed annual fees, royalties on net sales of licensed products and a percentage of any sublicense fees received by Novartis Gene Therapies from sublicensees for the licensed intellectual property rights. Royalties are payable by Novartis Gene Therapies at a mid-single to low double-digit percentage of net sales of licensed products using the NAV AAV9 vector, and a low double-digit percentage of net sales of licensed products using a licensed vector other than NAV AAV9, and are subject to reduction in specified circumstances. Novartis Gene Therapies launched commercial sales of Zolgensma, a licensed product under the Novartis License, in the second quarter of 2019, upon which the Company began recognizing royalty revenue on net sales of the licensed product. Pursuant to the license agreement, Novartis Gene Therapies was obligated to pay a sales-based milestone fee of million to the Company upon the achievement of billion in cumulative net sales of licensed products. Novartis Gene Therapies achieved cumulative net sales of Zolgensma of billion in the third quarter of 2020, upon which the Company recognized revenue of million related to the sales-based milestone fee. Additionally, the Company recognized license revenue of million for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to development milestones achieved during the periods which were previously considered not probable of achievement. As of December 31, 2020, all development and sales-based milestones under the Novartis License had been achieved and associated milestone payments had been received from Novartis Gene Therapies. 

Achievement of sales-based milestone for Zolgensma 

Other license revenue 

Total license and royalty revenue 

Interest income from licensing 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had recorded total accounts receivable of million and million, respectively, from Novartis Gene Therapies under the Novartis License, which consisted primarily of Zolgensma royalties receivable. The Zolgensma royalties receivable recorded as of December 31, 2022 included million expected to be paid to HCR in accordance with the Royalty Purchase Agreement discussed in Note 7. Settlement Agreement with Abeona Therapeutics In November 2018, the Company entered into a license agreement with Abeona (as amended, the November 2018 License) for the treatment of various diseases using the NAV Technology Platform. Pursuant to the November 2018 License, Abeona was required to pay a license fee of million to the Company no later than April 1, 2020. Abeona failed to make this payment, and in April 2020, the Company delivered to Abeona a notice of its breach of the November 2018 License and written demand for payment. Upon expiration of the applicable cure period in May 2020, the November 2018 License terminated. million license fee to the Company within 15 days of the termination date, which otherwise would have been due to the Company in November 2020. Unpaid balances due under the November 2018 License accrue interest at per month. In May 2020, million of unpaid fees from Abeona, plus accrued interest. A binding arbitration was held in March 2021 and the arbitration tribunal issued its ruling in July 2021, which denied Abeona s claim and upheld the Company s counterclaim. The arbitration tribunal s ruling, which was subsequently amended to reflect a minor adjustment in the computation of accrued interest, awarded the Company a total of million in damages and accrued interest payable by Abeona. Subsequent to the arbitration tribunal s ruling in July 2021, Abeona filed an additional claim in a second arbitration to enforce a purported settlement relating to the unpaid fees, which the Company disputed. In November 2021, the Company and Abeona entered into a settlement agreement and mutual release (the Settlement Agreement) to resolve all arbitration and legal proceedings and mutually release each party from any and all claims under the November 2018 License. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, Abeona will pay the Company a total of million as follows: (i) million which was paid in November 2021, (ii) million which was paid in November 2022, and (iii) million payable on the earlier of the third anniversary of the Settlement Agreement in November 2024 or the closing of a specified type of transaction by Abeona. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded gross accounts receivable of million and million, respectively, from Abeona under the Settlement Agreement. The gross accounts receivable of million as of December 31, 2022 consisted of the million payment due by November 2024, net of discount to present value. While the Company anticipates taking appropriate measures to enforce the full collection of all amounts due from Abeona under the Settlement Agreement, the Company assessed the collectability of the accounts receivable from Abeona as it relates to credit risk. In performing this assessment, the Company evaluated Abeona s credit profile and financial condition, as well its expectations regarding Abeona s future cash flows and ability to satisfy the contractual obligations of the Settlement Agreement. As a result of its analysis, the Company recorded an allowance for credit losses of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the non-current accounts receivable due from Abeona. The Company recorded a provision for credit losses (recoveries) of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a result of changes in estimates regarding the allowance during the periods. provision for credit losses was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. The present value discount of the non-current accounts receivable from Abeona is accreted as interest income from licensing through the contractual due date using the effective interest method. The Company has elected to record increases in the allowance for credit losses associated with the accretion of the present value discount of the receivable as a reduction of the associated interest income, resulting in no interest income recognized during the periods related to the accretion of the present value discount on the non-current receivable from Abeona. Collaboration Agreements AbbVie Collaboration and License Agreement Effective in November 2021, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with AbbVie Global Enterprises Ltd. (AbbVie), a subsidiary of AbbVie Inc., to jointly develop and commercialize RGX-314, the Company s product candidate for the treatment of wet AMD, DR and other chronic retinal diseases (the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement). Pursuant to the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement, the Company granted AbbVie a co-exclusive license to develop and commercialize RGX-314 in the United States and an exclusive license to develop and commercialize RGX-314 outside the United States. The Company and AbbVie will collaborate to develop RGX-314 in the United States, and AbbVie will be responsible for the development of RGX-314 in specified markets outside the United States. Through December 31, 2022, the Company was responsible for the development expenses related to certain ongoing clinical trials of RGX-314 and the parties shared the additional development expenses related to RGX-314. Beginning on January 1, 2023, AbbVie is responsible for the majority of all RGX-314 development expenses. The Company will lead the manufacturing of RGX-314 for clinical development and U.S. commercial supply, and AbbVie will lead the manufacturing of RGX-314 for commercial supply outside the United States. Manufacturing expenses will be allocated between the parties in accordance with the terms of the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement and supply agreements determined in accordance with the agreement. If requested by AbbVie, the Company will manufacture up to a specified portion of RGX-314 for commercial supply outside the United States at a price specified in the agreement. AbbVie will lead the commercialization of RGX-314 globally, and the Company will participate in U.S. commercialization efforts as provided under a commercialization plan determined in accordance with the agreement. The Company and AbbVie will share equally in the net profits and net losses associated with the commercialization of RGX-314 in the United States. Outside the United States, AbbVie will be responsible, at its sole cost, for the commercialization of RGX-314. In consideration for the rights granted under the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement, AbbVie paid the Company an up-front fee of million upon the effective date of the agreement in November 2021 and is required to pay to the Company up to billion upon the achievement of specified development and sales-based milestones, of which million are based on development milestones and million are sales-based milestones. AbbVie is also required to pay to the Company tiered royalties on net sales of RGX-314 outside the United States at percentages in the mid-teens to low twenties, subject to specified offsets and reductions. The AbbVie Collaboration Agreement contains provisions for termination, including termination for convenience by AbbVie. Contemporaneously with entering into the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement, the Company entered into a sublicense agreement with AbbVie (the AbbVie Sublicense Agreement) pursuant to which the Company granted AbbVie an exclusive sublicense to exploit licensed products in connection with the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement under specified patents licensed to the Company by Penn. The AbbVie Sublicense Agreement became effective contemporaneously with the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement in November 2021 and is coterminous with the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement. The Company evaluated its various commitments under the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement and identified the following distinct units of account: (i) delivery of an intellectual property license for the rights to develop and commercialize RGX-314 globally, (ii) development, manufacturing and commercialization activities for RGX-314 in the United States, and (iii) manufacturing of commercial supply for sales of RGX-314 outside the United States, if requested by AbbVie. In determining the distinct units of account, the Company concluded that the license granted to AbbVie to develop and commercialize RGX-314 is distinct from the other goods and services promised under the agreement, as AbbVie can benefit from the license on a standalone basis and, based on the stage of development of RGX-314, the underlying licensed products and know-how are not expected to be significantly modified as a result of other goods and services promised under the agreement. For each of the distinct units of account identified under the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement, the Company determined whether the transactions should be accounted for as a contract with a customer within the scope of Topic 606 or as a collaborative arrangement within the scope of Topic 808. The Company concluded that the units of account for the delivery of the functional intellectual property license and the manufacturing of commercial supply for sales of RGX-314 outside the United States should be accounted for as revenue under Topic 606, as AbbVie is deemed to be a customer for these transactions. The Company concluded that the unit of account for development, manufacturing and commercialization activities for RGX-314 in the United States should be accounted for as a collaborative arrangement under Topic 808, as these represent joint operating activities for which the Company and AbbVie are both active participants and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. The Company applied the requirements of Topic 606 to the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement for the units of account in which AbbVie was deemed to be a customer. The Company determined that there is only one material performance obligation under the agreement for the delivery of the intellectual property license to develop and commercialize RGX-314 globally. The intellectual property licensed to AbbVie includes the rights to certain patents, data, know-how and other rights developed and owned by the Company, as well as other intellectual property rights exclusively licensed by the Company from various third parties. The Company evaluated options granted to AbbVie under the agreement and determined that the options do not represent material rights, and therefore are not considered separate performance obligations under the current contract. Specifically, the Company concluded that the option granted to AbbVie to purchase commercial supply of RGX-314 from the Company for a portion of sales outside the United States does not convey a material right, as the option is not priced at an incremental discount to the standalone selling price of the underlying goods and services. Additionally, the Company identified various promises under the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement which were determined to be immaterial in the context of the contract and will not be accounted for as a separate performance obligations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the transaction price of the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement was million, which consisted solely of the up-front payment received in November 2021. The million transaction price was fully recognized as revenue upon the delivery of the license to AbbVie in November 2021. Variable consideration under the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement, which has been excluded from the transaction price, includes million in payments for development milestones that have not yet been achieved and were not considered probable of achievement. Additionally, the transaction price excludes sales-based milestone payments of million and royalties on net sales of RGX-314 outside the United States. Development milestones will be added to the transaction price and recognized as revenue upon achievement, or if deemed probable of achievement. In accordance with the sale- or usage-based royalty exception under Topic 606, royalties on net sales and sales-based milestones will be recognized as revenue in the period the underlying sales occur or milestones are achieved. There were changes in the transaction price of the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company applied the requirements of Topic 808 to the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement for the units of account which were deemed to be a collaborative arrangement. Both the Company and AbbVie will perform various activities related to the development, manufacturing and commercialization of RGX-314 in the United States. Development costs are shared between the parties in accordance with the terms of the AbbVie Collaboration Agreement, and the parties will share equally in the net profits and losses derived from sales of RGX-314 in the United States. The Company accounts for payments to and from AbbVie for the sharing of development and commercialization costs in accordance with its accounting policy for collaborative arrangements. Amounts owed to AbbVie for the Company s share of development costs or commercialization costs incurred by AbbVie are recorded as research and development expense or general and administrative expense, respectively, in the period the costs are incurred. Amounts owed to the Company for AbbVie s share of development costs or commercialization costs incurred by the Company are recorded as a reduction of research and development expense or general and administrative expense, respectively, in the period the costs are incurred. At the end of each reporting period, the Company records a net amount due to or from AbbVie as a result of the cost-sharing arrangement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded million and million, respectively, due from AbbVie for net reimbursement of costs incurred for activities performed under AbbVie Collaboration Agreement, which was included in other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Net cost reimbursement to (from) AbbVie included in: 

Research and development expense 

() 

() 

General and administrative expense 

Total net cost reimbursement to (from) AbbVie 

() 

() 

Neurimmune AG In July 2019, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Neurimmune AG (Neurimmune) pursuant to which the Company and Neurimmune will jointly develop and commercialize novel gene therapies using AAV vectors from the NAV Technology Platform to deliver human antibodies for chronic neurodegenerative diseases. The Company and Neurimmune will share all research and development costs for the first of the agreement, after which each party will have the option, on a target-by-target basis, to: (i) continue as a partner in the collaboration; (ii) receive a phase-based worldwide royalty in lieu of continued development investment; or (iii) negotiate with the other party to lead the development and commercialization of the respective program. Unless the parties agree otherwise, upon the commercialization of any product candidates, if any, it is anticipated that profits and losses will be shared equally on a worldwide basis. The Company determined that the collaboration and license agreement with Neurimmune is a collaborative arrangement within the scope of Topic 808, and that no unit of account under the arrangement should be accounted for as a transaction with a customer within the scope of Topic 606. The Company accounts for payments to and from Neurimmune for the sharing of development costs in accordance with its accounting policy for collaborative arrangements. Amounts owed to Neurimmune for the Company s share of development costs incurred by Neurimmune are recorded as research and development expense in the period the costs are incurred. Amounts owed to the Company for Neurimmune s share of development costs incurred by the Company are recorded as a reduction of research and development expense in the period the costs are incurred. At the end of each reporting period, the Company records a net amount due to or from Neurimmune as a result of the cost-sharing arrangement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded million and million, respectively, due from (to) Neurimmune for net reimbursement of development costs incurred under the collaboration and license agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million and million, respectively, in net cost reimbursement from (to) Neurimmune for development activities performed under the collaboration and license agreement, which were recorded as research and development expenses. 

11 
 of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the prior year, or (ii) a number of common shares determined by the Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2015 Plan and 2014 Plan was , of which remained available for future grants under the 2015 Plan. An additional shares were authorized for issuance under the 2015 Plan effective in January 2023. The 2014 Plan and 2015 Plan provide for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted and unrestricted stock and unit awards, and performance cash awards to employees, members of the Board of Directors and consultants of the Company. Since the inception of the plans, the Company has issued only stock options and restricted stock units under the plans. Stock options under the 2014 Plan and 2015 Plan generally expire years following the date of grant. Options typically vest over a four-year period, but vesting provisions can vary by award based on the discretion of the Board of Directors. Certain stock option awards granted by the Company may include performance conditions that must be achieved in order for vesting to occur. Stock options under the 2014 Plan and 2015 Plan have an exercise price at least equal to the estimated fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Restricted stock units typically vest over a four-year period, but vesting provisions can vary by award based on the discretion of the Board of Directors. Upon vesting, restricted stock units are settled in common stock of the Company. Shares of common stock underlying awards previously issued under the 2014 Plan and 2015 Plan which are reacquired by the Company, withheld by the Company in payment of the purchase price, exercise price or withholding taxes, expired, cancelled due to forfeiture or otherwise terminated other than by exercise or settlement, are added to the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. Shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan may be either authorized but unissued shares of the Company s common stock or common stock reacquired by the Company and held in treasury. The 2015 Plan expires in , 10 years from the date it was adopted by the Board of Directors, unless earlier terminated. Stock-based Compensation Expense 

Restricted stock units 

Employee stock purchase plan 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, restricted stock units and the 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2015 ESPP), which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

General and administrative 

Stock Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Cancelled or forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

(a) The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the fair value of the common stock for the options that were in the money at the dates reported. 

The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the total number of stock options exercised was , and , respectively, resulting in total proceeds of million, million and million, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Restricted Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 

The total intrinsic value of restricted stock units vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. restricted stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In June 2015, the Board of Directors adopted the 2015 ESPP, which became effective upon the Company s initial public offering in September 2015. by the lesser of (i) of the shares of common stock outstanding on the last business day of the prior fiscal year; or (ii) the number of shares determined by the Board of Directors. Unless otherwise determined by the administrator of the 2015 ESPP, two offering periods of six months duration will begin each year on January 1 and July 1. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2015 ESPP was , of which remained available for future issuance. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , , and shares of common stock, respectively, were issued under the 2015 ESPP. 

million, million and million, respectively, for matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan. 

119 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

Total income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

State 

() 

Foreign 

Total current 

() 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA) eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenses currently and requires taxpayers to amortize such costs over a period of for expenses incurred in the United States and a period of for expenses incurred outside the United States. While it is possible the federal government may enact future legislation which would defer or repeal this provision of the TCJA, there is no assurance such legislation will be enacted or whether, if enacted, such legislation would be enacted on a retrospective basis to 2022. This provision of the TCJA resulted in an increase of million in deferred tax assets and an equal increase to the Company's valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to research and development expenses incurred during the period. There was no material impact to the Company's current or deferred tax provision or operating cash flows during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of this provision of the TCJA given the Company incurred net operating losses (NOLs) during the period. The Company does not currently expect this provision of the TCJA will have a material impact on its tax provision or operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2023, however, the actual impact of this provision to future periods is uncertain as of this time. The Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA) was enacted in August 2022 and contains revenue-raising provisions to include a book-income alternative minimum tax and an excise tax on stock buybacks, among other provisions. Based on the thresholds established by the IRA and a review of the Company s transactions, the enactments of the IRA did not have an impact on the Company s income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act) was signed into law in March 2020. The CARES Act (i) lifted certain deduction limitations originally imposed by the TCJA, (ii) allowed corporate taxpayers to carryback NOLs originating during 2018 through 2020 for up to five years, which was not previously allowed under the TCJA, (iii) eliminated the of taxable income limitations on NOL utilization imposed by the TCJA, allowing corporate entities to fully utilize NOL carryforwards to offset taxable income in 2018, 2019 or 2020, and (iv) enacted various other changes to corporate taxation. Also included in the CARES Act was a change to the TCJA related to qualified improvement property, retroactively allowing for a -year recovery period and bonus depreciation. As a result of this change, the Company recorded current income tax benefit of million for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to a reduction of state taxes associated with additional depreciation deductions allowed for the 2018 tax year. Overall, the enactment of the CARES Act, including the change for qualified improvement property, did not result in any material adjustments to the Company s income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2020. to income tax expense (benefit) reported in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Federal income tax expense (benefit) at statutory rate 

() 

() 

State income tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax effect 

() 

() 

Research and development credits 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Executive compensation 

Other non-deductible expenses and reconciling items 

Change in corporate tax rates 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Research and development tax credits 

Stock-based compensation 

Lease liabilities 

Liability related sale of future royalties 

Capitalized research and development costs 

Accruals and other 

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

The Company evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Based on the Company s history of operating losses, and other relevant facts and circumstances, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the benefit of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company provided a full valuation allowance for its net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The valuation allowance increased (decreased) by million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in the valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to research and development expenses incurred during the period which were capitalized for tax purposes, and federal and state NOLs and research and development tax credits generated during the period. The decrease in the valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2021 was due primarily to the utilization of federal and state NOLs and research and development tax credit carryforwards, a decrease in the deferred tax asset for the liability related to the sale of future royalties and other decreases in net deferred tax assets during the period. 

U.S. federal tax credit carryforwards 

U.S. state NOL carryforwards 

U.S. state NOL carryforwards 

U.S. state tax credit carryforwards 

As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had U.S. federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately million, net of unrecognized tax benefits of million, which may be available to reduce future income tax liabilities. The calculation of these credits requires assumptions to be made by the Company to estimate qualified research expenses. The Company conducts formal studies to document the qualified activities and expenses used to calculate these credits, however a portion of these credits may be subject to future studies which have not yet occurred, the results of which may result in an adjustment to the Company s credit carryforwards. The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with the requirements of ASC 740, and recognizes the tax benefit of tax positions to the extent that the benefit will more likely than not be realized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had total unrecognized tax benefits of million and million, respectively, which were reserved against its research and development tax credit carryforwards as uncertain tax positions. reserve for uncertain tax positions has been placed against qualified expenses for which a study has not been conducted. However, a full valuation allowance has been provided against the net credit carryforwards and, if an adjustment is required upon the completion of the study, this adjustment would be offset by an adjustment to the deferred tax asset established for the research and development credit carryforwards and the valuation allowance. If these unrecognized tax benefits were to be recognized, the impact would be offset by an adjustment to the valuation allowance, resulting in no impact on the Company s effective tax rate. The Company does not expect that a significant portion of its unrecognized tax benefits will increase or decrease in the next months as of December 31, 2022. Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the Company s NOL and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. NOL and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant stockholders over a period in excess of , as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively, as well as similar state provisions. This could limit the amount of tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of the Company immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. The Company has completed several financings since its inception which may have resulted in a change in control as defined by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, or could result in a change in control in the future. The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the United States, at the federal level and in various states, and in foreign jurisdictions. The U.S. federal and state income tax returns are generally subject to tax examinations for the tax years ended December 31, 2018 onward. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. 

 1 
 million, million and million, respectively, and were recorded as research and development expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

122 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

Shares used in computation: 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Basic net income (loss) per share 

() 

() 

Diluted net income (loss) per share: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Shares used in computation: 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Stock options 

Restricted stock units 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Weighted-average diluted common shares 

Diluted net income (loss) per share 

() 

() 

For periods in which the Company incurred net losses, common stock equivalents were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share as their effect would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, basic and diluted net loss per share were the same for such periods. 

Unvested restricted stock units outstanding 

Employee stock purchase plan 

1 

Accrued sublicense fees and royalties 

Accrued external research and development expenses 

Accrued external general and administrative expenses 

Accrued purchases of property and equipment 

Accrued income taxes payable 

Other accrued expenses and current liabilities 

Supplemental Disclosures of Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were million, a decrease of million from December 31, 2021. Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2021 were million, an increase of million from December 31, 2020. Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2020 were million, an increase of million from December 31, 2019. Proceeds due to the Company for sales of non-marketable equity securities included in other current assets as of December 31, 2021 were million. such amounts were recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded non-cash additions to property and equipment of million through reductions of its tenant improvement allowances. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company received non-cash consideration of million for licenses granted to customers. Transaction costs for the sale of future royalties included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2020 were million. such amounts were recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

124 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed or Furnished Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/7/21 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 9/22/15 

4.1 
 
 Specimen stock certificate evidencing the shares of common stock 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/17/15 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 3/1/22 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement for directors and officers 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/17/15 

10.2 
 
 2014 Stock Plan, as amended 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/17/15 

10.3 
 
 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/15/15 

10.4 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 3/1/21 

10.5 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 3/1/21 

10.6 
 
 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.4 
 
 9/8/15 

10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of June 30, 2015 between the Registrant and Kenneth T. Mills 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.5 
 
 8/17/15 

10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of June 30, 2015 between the Registrant and Vittal Vasista 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.7 
 
 8/17/15 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of February 16, 2016 between the Registrant and Curran Simpson 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.34 
 
 3/3/16 

10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of August 18, 2016 between the Registrant and Patrick J. Christmas 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.37 
 
 11/9/16 

10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of March 27, 2017 between the Registrant and Olivier Danos, Ph.D. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/9/17 

10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of April 17, 2019 between the Registrant and Steve Pakola, M.D. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/7/19 

10.13 
 
 Compensation Program for Non-Employee Directors 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/3/22 

10.14 
 
 Management Cash Incentive Plan 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.29 
 
 8/17/15 

10.15 
 
 License Agreement effective February 24, 2009 between the Registrant and The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.9 
 
 9/15/15 

10.16 
 
 First Amendment to License Agreement dated March 6, 2009 between the Registrant and The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.10 
 
 8/17/15 

10.17 
 
 Second Amendment to License Agreement effective September 9, 2014 between the Registrant and The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.11 
 
 9/15/15 

10.18 
 
 Third Amendment to License Agreement effective April 29, 2016 between the Registrant and The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania 
 
 10-Q/A 
 
 10.36 
 
 12/23/16 

10.19 
 
 Fourth Amendment to License Agreement effective April 4, 2019 between the Registrant and The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/7/19 

125 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed or Furnished Herewith 

10.20 
 
 Fifth Amendment to License Agreement effective September 11, 2020 between the Registrant and The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/4/20 

10.21 
 
 Letter Agreement dated March 21, 2022 between the Company and the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/4/22 

10.22 
 
 License Agreement dated March 6, 2009 between the Registrant and SmithKline Beecham Corporation d/b/a GlaxoSmithKline 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.12 
 
 9/15/15 

10.23 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement dated April 15, 2009 between the Registrant and SmithKline Beecham Corporation d/b/a GlaxoSmithKline 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.13 
 
 8/17/15 

10.24 
 
 License Agreement dated March 21, 2014 between the Registrant and AveXis, Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.16 
 
 9/15/15 

10.25 
 
 First Amendment to License Agreement dated January 8, 2018 between the Registrant and AveXis, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.24 
 
 3/6/18 

10.26 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreement dated September 10, 2021 between the Registrant and AbbVie Global Enterprises Ltd. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/2/21 

10.27 
 
 Lease dated March 6, 2015 between the Registrant and BMR-Medical Center Drive LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.26 
 
 8/17/15 

10.28 
 
 First Amendment to Lease dated September 30, 2015 between the Registrant and BMR-Medical Center Drive LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.31 
 
 3/3/16 

10.29 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease dated November 23, 2015 between the Registrant and BMR-Medical Center Drive LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.32 
 
 3/3/16 

10.30 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease dated July 21, 2017 between the Registrant and BMR-Medical Center Drive LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/8/17 

10.31 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Lease dated April 20, 2018 between the Registrant and BMR-Medical Center Drive LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/8/18 

10.32 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Lease dated October 30, 2020 between the Registrant and ARE-Maryland No. 45, LLC, as successor in interest to BMR-Medical Center Drive LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/4/20 

10.33 
 
 Lease dated November 1, 2018 between the Registrant and ARE-Maryland No. 24, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/7/18 

10.34 
 
 Letter Agreement to Lease dated April 12, 2019 between the Registrant and ARE-Maryland No. 24, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/7/19 

10.35 
 
 First Amendment to Lease dated April 23, 2019 between the Registrant and ARE-Maryland No. 24, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.4 
 
 5/7/19 

10.36 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease dated November 4, 2019 between the Registrant and ARE-Maryland No. 24, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/5/19 

10.37 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease dated October 30, 2020 between the Registrant and ARE-Maryland No. 24, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.4 
 
 11/4/20 

10.38 
 
 Royalty Purchase Agreement dated December 22, 2020 between the Registrant and entities managed by Healthcare Royalty Management, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.42 
 
 3/1/21 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered accounting firm 

X 

126 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed or Furnished Herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as required by 18 U.S.C. 1350 

X 

101 
 
 The following materials from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

X 

104 
 
 The cover page from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted. 
 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of REGENXBIO Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 127 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on February 28, 2023. 

REGENXBIO INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Kenneth T. Mills 

Kenneth T. Mills, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Kenneth T. Mills 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Kenneth T. Mills 
 
 Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Vittal Vasista 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Vittal Vasista 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Allan M. Fox 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Allan M. Fox 

/s/ Jean Bennett 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Jean Bennett 

/s/ Alexandra Glucksmann 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Alexandra Glucksmann 

/s/ A.N. Jerry Karabelas 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

A.N. Jerry Karabelas 

/s/ George Migausky 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

George Migausky 

/s/ David C. Stump 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

David C. Stump 

/s/ Daniel Tass 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Daniel Tass 

/s/ Jennifer Zachary 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Jennifer Zachary 

128 

<EX-21>
 2
 rgnx-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of REGENXBIO Inc. 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

REGENXBIO EU Limited 
 
 Ireland 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 rgnx-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-229910, 333-223466, 333-216508, 333-209899, 333-206984, 333-236664, 333-253725, 333-263182 of REGENXBIO Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Washington, D.C. February 28, 2023 
 
 1 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 rgnx-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Kenneth T. Mills, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of REGENXBIO Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a.	designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b.	designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c.	evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d.	disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a.	all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b.	any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Kenneth T. Mills 

Kenneth T. Mills President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 rgnx-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Vittal Vasista, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of REGENXBIO Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a.	designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b.	designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c.	evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d.	disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a.	all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b.	any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Vittal Vasista 

Vittal Vasista Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 rgnx-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 In connection with the Annual Report of REGENXBIO Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Kenneth T. Mills, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Registrant, and Vittal Vasista, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to their respective knowledge: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Kenneth T. Mills 

Kenneth T. Mills 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Vittal Vasista 

Vittal Vasista 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This certification is made solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request . 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 rgnx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rgnx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 rgnx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 rgnx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 rgnx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

