<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1823239_0001823239-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23506232</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>684667</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>10675031</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4661212</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3841838</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3401587</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001823239-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161151
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001823239-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823239
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39725
		FILM NUMBER:		23685385

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10770 WATERIDGE CIRCLE SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 546-0004

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10770 WATERIDGE CIRCLE SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001823239-23-000014.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 mrvi-20221231.htm
 10-K

mrvi-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip code) 
 ______________________________ 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 ______________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market of 28.41 per share. 
 As of February 21, 2023, shares of the registrant s Class A common stock were outstanding and shares of the registrant s Class B common stock were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

1 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I. 
 4 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 59 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 59 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 59 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 59 
 Part II. 
 60 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issue Purchases of Equity Securities 
 60 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 61 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 61 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures 
 80 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 81 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants 
 128 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 128 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 130 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 130 
 Part III. 
 131 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 131 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 131 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 131 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 131 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 131 
 Part IV. 
 132 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 132 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 135 
 Signatures 
 136 

2 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that statements which are not strictly historical statements constitute forward looking statements, including, without limitation, statements under the captions Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business and are identified by words like believe, expect, may, will, should, seek, anticipate, intend, plan, goal, project, estimate, likely, or could and similar expressions. 
 Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated include those discussed under the heading Summary of Risk Factors and Item 1A. Risk Factors as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Any forward-looking statement made by us in this report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Part I. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (also referred to in this document as Maravai , we , us or the Company is a leading life sciences company providing critical products to enable the development of drug therapies, diagnostics, and novel vaccines and to support research on human diseases. Our customers include the top global biopharmaceutical companies ranked by research and development expenditures according to industry consultants, and many other emerging biopharmaceutical and life sciences research companies, as well as leading academic research institutions and in vitro diagnostics companies. Our products address the key phases of biopharmaceutical development spanning research to commercialization and include complex nucleic acids for diagnostic, vaccine and therapeutic applications, and antibody-based products to detect impurities during the production of biopharmaceutical products. 
 
 Our businesses principally address high growth market segments in biopharmaceutical development. In particular, the field of cell and gene therapy has emerged as one of the fastest growing treatment modalities to address a host of human conditions. There are more than 2,000 cell and gene therapies in development or launched and sales in this category are expected to grow more than 5 times by 2027, according to industry consultants and management estimates. Our portfolio offers key products for each stage of the cell and gene therapy development lifecycle. For example, our messenger RNA mRNA products are used in drug development to assist in the production of immune-activating antigens; our CleanCap technology is used to stabilize mRNA and streamlines mRNA manufacturing; we were one of the first companies to provide the essential modified uridine, N1-methyl-pseudouridine triphosphate, for research applications; our catalog mRNA products are frequently used by lipid developers to test and validate new mRNA delivery platforms; and our plasmid DNA products are used as templates for the production of our ribonucleic acid mRNA products. Our oligonucleotide and oligonucleotide supply products are included in the supply chain of several diagnostic platforms. We also provide biologics safety testing technology used to ensure the safety of the biological drug manufacturing process and drug products. Developers of therapeutics and vaccines, including cell and gene therapies, comprise about 85 of our customer base. 
 Our proprietary capabilities and products underpin the value we aim to provide to our customers. Among other capabilities, we are experts in RNA and mRNA products, which are challenging and often unstable molecules requiring significant chemical modifications to ensure their stability and efficacy in our customers applications. Notably, according to research commissioned by us in November 2021 consisting of over 55 interviews and in November 2022 consisting of 30 additional interviews with our current and former customers, our competitors and industry experts focused across our two ongoing business segments (the Industry Analysis ), we believe CleanCap is viewed as a leading solution to incorporate the five prime 5 cap into mRNA. CleanCap is a novel chemical approach to produce the 5 cap analog, which, in addition to making mRNA more stable, aids in protein production and helps prevent an unwanted immune response to the mRNA. CleanCap had been incorporated into several mRNA programs targeting immunization against the novel strain of coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2 COVID-19 ). These 
 4 

Table of Contents 

programs included two commercial programs led by Pfizer in partnership with BioNTech and one led by BioNTech in partnership with Fosun Pharma, as well as the bivalent booster vaccine developed by Pfizer in partnership with BioNTech to address the Omicron strain of the virus. In addition to these commercialized programs, CleanCap has been incorporated into many earlier stage programs addressing COVID-19 that have not yet been commercialized. Additionally, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA issued policies on February 22, 2021 to guide medical product developers concerning the development of products to address the future of variants of the COVID-19 virus specifically covering vaccines and therapeutics. We believe this guidance may streamline the future development and approval of mRNA vaccines utilizing our products and that they would likely be incorporated into customer regulatory filings as a result. 
 We believe our CleanCap products have also been incorporated into vaccine development programs from several of our licensed clients for infectious diseases, including Influenza, lyme disease, malaria, HIV, tuberculosis, shingles, rabies, yellow fever, respiratory syncytial virus RSV and Zika. 
 We estimate our mRNA and CleanCap products have also been incorporated in over 250 vaccine and therapeutic programs in development as of December 31, 2022, including at least 60 programs that our mRNA CDMO services group manufactured the mRNA APIs using CleanCap. In addition to infectious diseases, these programs address a number of disease states, including ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency, glycogen storage disorders, Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, acute lymphoblastic leukemia, Hurler syndrome, ovarian cancer and cardiovascular disease. These therapeutic programs also use multiple therapeutic modalities, including CRISPR/Cas-9, transcription activator-like effector nuclease (TALENS), enzyme replacement therapies, allogeneic CAR-T cells and base editing. Should one or more of these programs proceed to commercialization, we believe we will continue to supply our customers and our products will likely be incorporated in customer regulatory filings. 
 mRNA is at the core of our capabilities. We developed our expertise in mRNA with a belief in its potential as a therapeutic modality. The first clinical trial for an mRNA therapeutic agent occurred in 2016. Now, more than 750 clinical trials are in the pipeline, principally focused on vaccines against viruses and cancer vaccines. With the COVID-19 pandemic, mRNA has shown its potential for more rapid vaccine design and manufacture when compared to traditional techniques involving culturing inactivated virus to elicit an immune response. COVID-19 has helped highlight the potential advantage of mRNA as a treatment modality and directed significant resources to the growing base of knowledge about mRNA. This knowledge is now being directed at future vaccine programs addressing infectious diseases as well as for therapeutic agents for a host of human diseases. We are positioned to serve our biopharmaceutical customers in the fast-growing field of mRNA across a range of clinical programs for a variety of diseases. 
 Forming long-term partnerships with our customers is core to our strategy. Today, we primarily serve our customers during the product development and process development phases. During product development, we collaborate with our customers to develop and synthesize nucleic acids, which in some cases comprise the active pharmaceutical ingredient API of our customers products in development. We also provide our customers a host of chemically complex and highly specialized raw materials. Process development is a complex phase that establishes highly validated procedures and determines the investment in facilities and equipment required to bring biopharmaceutical products to market. These decisions impact the viability of our customers products for the long term. During process development, we provide enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays ELISAs that reduce the risk posed by impurities and contaminants in biological drugs, a critical step to ensure the safety of the drug product. 
 While we do not provide products that are themselves regulated as drugs or in vitro diagnostics, our customers frequently incorporate our products into their highly validated products and processes. For example, we provide oligonucleotides and antibody-based products used by in vitro diagnostic product manufacturers for their on-market products. Because of the extensive validation required for these products, these components are frequently purchased for the life of our customers products and we believe they are unlikely to be substituted. In addition, our analytical tools are used in the design and development of manufacturing processes and often will be used throughout the life cycle of our customers manufactured products. Once our services or products are qualified by our customers, we are written into regulatory documents and standard operating procedures. As a result, our customer relationships frequently span many years. 
 The nature of our products and their uses require that they be manufactured by highly trained personnel in state-of-the-art facilities following exacting procedures to ensure quality. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 18 of our workforce have earned advanced degrees and all receive rigorous training on our procedures. We manufacture our nucleic acid products at our San Diego, California facility Wateridge facility ). The Wateridge facility was purpose-built to address our customers needs for critical raw materials manufactured under certain good manufacturing practices GMP conditions and APIs for investigational use. Our raw material products are manufactured following the voluntary quality standards of ISO 9001:2015. Our GMP-grade raw materials follow ISO 9001:2015 standards, additional voluntary GMP quality standards and customer specific requirements. Our API products are manufactured following the voluntary quality standards of ISO 9001:2015, the International Council for Harmonisation s GMP Guide, comparable GMP principles for the European Union and customer specific requirements. We believe our products are exempt from compliance with the current GMP cGMP regulations of the 
 5 

Table of Contents 

FDA, as our products are further processed or incorporated into final drug products by our customers and we do not make claims related to their safety or effectiveness. As of December 31, 2022, we had invested 90.9 million in our Wateridge facility. Our other facilities are similarly designed for specific applications with quality systems to match our customers requirements. All of our manufacturing facilities meet applicable ISO standards. 
 We built our business through a combination of acquisitions and subsequent investments in our acquired companies to grow their commercial capabilities, upgrade and expand their research and production facilities, deploy stringent quality systems, integrate their back-office functions, and develop the personnel and management to fuel continued growth. Today, we offer an integrated portfolio that enables innovation across the biopharmaceutical and academic markets. Mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships that complement our capabilities in cell and gene therapy and biopharmaceutical production remain core to our strategy. Our strategy aims to augment our strong organic growth with the addition of synergistic products and capabilities. 
 
 Our Portfolio and Capabilities 
 We provide products that support our customers needs from discovery through commercialization of their vaccines, therapeutic agents and in vitro diagnostic products. Our products are frequently incorporated into our customers products, whether as research products or APIs used in development or research products incorporated as raw materials into on-market products. They may also be incorporated into the manufacturing process itself. We are therefore a critical part of our customers supply chain and they frequently seek to maintain their supply relationship with us for the life of their products or development programs. 
 Our products address our customers needs for nucleic acid production and biologics safety testing, and our operations are aligned to these two segments. Our products and the end markets they serve are depicted in the following image: 
 
 Nucleic Acid Production (92 of Revenue for the Year Ended December 31, 2022) 
 We are a global provider of highly modified, complex nucleic acids and related products. We have recognized expertise in complex chemistries and products provided under exacting quality standards. Our core offerings include mRNA, long and short oligonucleotides, our proprietary CleanCap mRNA capping technology, mRNA building blocks and oligonucleotide building blocks. Our offerings address key customer needs for critical components, from research to GMP-grade raw materials and API manufacturing. We market our nucleic acid products under the TriLink BioTechnologies and Glen Research brands. 
 The growth in our nucleic acid production business segment has been fueled by the significant growth in biological drugs in development, many of which are cell and gene therapies, and by the rapid rise in mRNA vaccines. mRNA as a treatment modality has been an area of acute interest for many years. 
 The success of COVID-19 vaccines has helped highlight the potential advantage of mRNA as a treatment modality and significant investments have been made industry wide to developing future mRNA vaccines as well as for therapeutic agents for 
 6 

Table of Contents 

a host of human diseases. We are positioned to serve our biopharmaceutical customers in the fast-growing field of mRNA across a range of clinical programs for a variety of diseases. 
 We offer the following nucleic acid products: mRNA, RNA Capping (CleanCap), oligonucleotides, oligonucleotide inputs, nucleoside triphosphates, custom nucleic acid chemistry and plasmid DNA. 
 mRNA. mRNA is an intermediary molecule that translates the genetic information stored in DNA into proteins. The genetic information stored in DNA is transferred to mRNA in a cellular process called transcription. This process occurs in the nucleus of cells. DNA, a double stranded molecule, is unwound and copied as mRNA by the enzyme RNA polymerase. mRNA is then transferred out of the nucleus to the cytosol, a component of the cytoplasm of a cell, where it serves as a blueprint for making cellular proteins by a multi-component organelle complex called the ribosome. 
 mRNA has traditionally been a difficult molecule for vaccine and therapeutic purposes. mRNA is inherently unstable compared to DNA and is susceptible to degradation by ubiquitous enzymes called RNases. mRNAs are also physically and chemically fragile and can degrade at elevated temperatures and under shear forces that occur during downstream manufacturing processes. We have developed manufacturing processes that overcome many of these obstacles, resulting in highly effective mRNA. 
 We develop and manufacture mRNA products to support vaccine and therapeutic programs from pre-clinical development through and including clinical phases, including scale-up and analytical development services. The mRNA molecules may serve as APIs for diverse applications, such as enzyme replacement therapies, gene editing therapies and vaccines. We offer both research grade material and material made under GMP conditions for early phase clinical trials. 
 RNA Capping. Within the mRNA category, we also offer our CleanCap products. Our proprietary CleanCap analogs principally serve the mRNA vaccine and therapeutics markets, including vaccine candidates in development for immunizing against COVID-19. Cap analogs are a component of mRNA that aids in protein production as well as in making mRNA more stable inside cells. For mRNA to serve as a template to make a protein, it requires a special cap at the 5 end of the molecule. The cap structure also affects the stability of the mRNA. Lack of a cap can result in activation of the innate immune system, which can affect the production of the desired protein or elicit undesired biological effects. We offer a suite of CleanCap analogs that are specifically made for therapeutics and vaccines. Based on the Industry Analysis, we believe our cap analogs are critical features of several mRNA vaccines in development. 

Traditionally, the 5 cap has been added in one of two ways. The cap can be added post mRNA synthesis by an enzymatic process. This enzymatic method has several drawbacks, including the high cost of the capping enzymes as well as the need to perform additional processing steps to the mRNA to remove enzymes and byproducts of the capping reaction. While capping efficiency is usually high, the extra processing steps typically result degradation and mRNA of poorer quality. The second method is to add a synthetic cap analog into the transcription reaction such that the mRNA is transcribed and capped in a single step. Anti-reverse cap analog ARCA is an example of a cap analog that is added to the transcription reaction. This avoids the workflow challenges of the enzymatic process, but typically results in lower yields. 
 Like ARCA, CleanCap is a synthetic, chemically-made mRNA 5 cap analog added to the transcription process in a single step. Unlike ARCA, however, CleanCap results in significantly higher levels of capping efficiency, resulting in very low levels of uncapped mRNA, which in turn minimizes the risk of activation of the innate immune system. In addition, CleanCap s higher mRNA yields compared to ARCA result in lower cost of goods. When compared to enzymatic capping, CleanCap removes the 
 7 

Table of Contents 

additional downstream purification steps required. We have developed a suite of CleanCap analogs that are specifically designed for therapeutics and vaccines. CleanCap is sold as a stand-alone reagent or bundled with other mRNA products. 
 We currently offer several variations of the CleanCap molecule, serving the needs of mRNA and self-amplifying RNA developers. CleanCap is in two quality grades, research use only for discovery and development activities, and a GMP-grade for clinical and commercial applications. CleanCap mRNA products represented 89 of our nucleic acid production revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 (including the revenue from CleanCap products). 
 Oligonucleotides. The oligonucleotide product category supports broad customer applications, including therapeutics, in vitro diagnostics, next generation sequencing NGS and CRISPR-based gene editing. Most of our TriLink BioTechnologies oligonucleotide products are custom manufactured DNA or RNA sequences, often highly modified and produced as research grade or under GMP conditions for use in development, clinical and commercial applications. 
 Oligonucleotide Synthesis Inputs. Our product offerings through Glen Research include reagents and support supplies for DNA and RNA oligonucleotide synthesis, labeling, modification and purification. We are a reputable and trusted vendor with a large portfolio, quality brand, knowledgeable technical support, and responsive customer service. In addition to oligonucleotide synthesis service providers, our customer base includes life science, biopharma, and diagnostic companies as well as academic institutions and government organizations, all of which internally manufacture their own oligonucleotide products. 
 Nucleoside triphosphates. Nucleoside triphosphates NTPs are the precursors to DNA and RNA. They are composed of a nitrogen base bound to either ribose or deoxyribose with three phosphate groups added to the sugar. We manufacture NTPs that are used in polymerase chain reactions PCR ), in sequencing reactions and in the manufacture of mRNA. The NTPs can be unmodified, composed of the four standard bases, or modified, with a base altered to enhance a particular biological property, such as the ability to evade the innate immune system in therapeutic applications. TriLink BioTechnologies NTPs are used by customers in both research and clinical trial applications. Our manufacturing capabilities for NTPs now includes both research use and GMP-grade. 
 Custom Nucleic Acid Chemistry . Through our acquisition of MyChem LLC in the first quarter of 2022, TriLink BioTechnologies expanded its synthetic chemistry expertise and added proprietary manufacturing processes allowing for the highest purity NTP, amidite and custom nucleotide services. We serve a diverse market of diagnostics and therapeutic developers that require novel molecules that are otherwise unavailable on the market. Typically, these molecules are initially manufactured in small quantities, and then scaled to meet the need of larger diagnostic platform or therapeutic applications once positive candidates have been identified by the customer. 
 Plasmid DNA. Unlike genomic DNA, which constitutes the chromosome, plasmid DNA exists outside the chromosome and represents small circular double-stranded constructs. Plasmid DNA is frequently used as a vector for replicating nucleic acid products. Plasmid DNA is integral to the production of mRNA, serving as the nucleic acid template for the DNA-dependant RNA polymases that frequently are used in the manufacturing of mRNA. Our plasmid DNA offering allows us to ensure the quality and timeliness of the mRNA API manufacturing campaigns that we service for our customers. 
 Biologics Safety Testing (8 of Revenue for the Year Ended December 31, 2022) 
 We provide products and services under the Cygnus Technologies , LLC Cygnus Technologies brand that ensure the purity of our customers biopharmaceutical products, including biological drugs. For over 20 years, the Cygnus Technologies brand has been associated with products and services that enable the detection of impurities present in bioproduction. Our biologics safety testing products are used during development and scale-up, during the regulatory approval process and throughout commercialization. We are recognized globally for the detection of host cell proteins HCPs and process-related impurities during bioproduction. 
 Our customers in this segment manufacture a broad range of biopharmaceutical products. These include monoclonal antibodies and recombinant proteins, both as novel biologics and biosimilars, and recombinant vaccines, including vaccines to prevent COVID-19 and to treat cancer. We also provide products in support of the development of cell and gene therapies. Recombinant vaccines and cell and gene therapies rely on manufacturing of various viral vectors produced using recombinant nucleic acid and cell culture technologies. Viral vector manufacturing processes require rigorous analytics, including testing for process-related impurities such as HCPs, host cell DNA, purification leachates, growth media additives and enzymes used in viral vector purification processes. Of all process-related impurities, HCPs present the most complex impurity. Per regulatory requirements, viral vectors used as a component of CAR-T cell therapies or as gene therapies must be produced in certain cell lines, purified and tested for the presence of host cell proteins. All of the 15 existing FDA-and EMA-approved CAR-T Cell and Gene Therapies use Cygnus Host Cell Protein ELISA kits for HCP testing for commercial product lot release. Five of these 15 therapies were approved in 2022. 
 ELISA is the benchmark method for monitoring levels of process-related impurities during the purification process and in product release testing. The advantages of well-developed ELISA kits include the ability to measure very low levels of 
 8 

Table of Contents 

impurities in the presence of high amounts of drug product, without requiring a high level of expertise to execute and interpret, and are readily transferable across an organization from process development to manufacturing and quality control bioanalytical groups. Though relatively simple to run, these ELISA kits require a high level of expertise to design, develop and qualify. 
 Customers establishing biopharmaceutical manufacturing processes may use off-the-shelf or generic HCP kits provided by manufacturers like ourselves, or they may choose to design their own in-house assays for their specific processes. Some customers may choose to use generic assays early in development and migrate to process-specific assays later. The trend in recent years has been for customers to increasingly use generic assays throughout their development pathway, relying on our expertise and the established performance of our assays. If customers choose to develop process-specific assays, we offer custom antibody production and assay development as well as characterization services to meet their needs. 
 Our comprehensive catalog of Cygnus Technologies HCP ELISA kits cover 23 expression platforms and provides the specificity and sensitivity to detect impurities with reproducibility, which supports regulatory compliance. Our reputation for quality is recognized by the industry and global regulatory agencies, with Cygnus Technologies assays used as reference methods throughout the industry and to support manufacturing and quality control of commercialized biologics. 
 Our customers in this segment are biopharmaceutical companies, contract research organizations CROs ), contract development and manufacturing organizations CDMOs and life science companies. 
 Cygnus Technologies product categories include HCP ELISA kits, other bioprocess impurity and contaminant ELISA kits, viral clearance prediction kits, ancillary reagents and custom services. 
 
 HCP ELISA kits. HCP ELISAs are kits used to detect residual proteins from the expression system used in bioproduction. HCPs constitute a major group of process-related impurities produced using cell culture technology no matter what cell expression platform is used. HCPs pose potential health risks for patients and the risk of failure of safety endpoints for drug manufacturers. When present in the administered product, even at low levels, HCPs can induce an undesired immune response, interfere with drug efficacy and impact drug stability. HCPs are a critical quality attribute for biologics safety testing development and must be adequately removed during the downstream purification process. 
 Other impurity and contaminant kits . Products in this category include kits for measuring Protein A leachate, which results from the affinity purification method used for monoclonal antibody therapeutic agents; ELISA kits for measuring additives in growth media, such as bovine serum albumin; kits for measuring host cell DNA; ELISA kits to detect and quantify residual endonuclease impurities in recombinant viral vector and vaccine preparations: and ELISA kits to quantify residual AAV2, AAV8, AAV9 ligands resulting from affinity purification method used for adeno associated virus (AAV)-based gene therapies. 
 Viral Clearance Prediction kits . In 2020, Cygnus Technologies introduced the MockV Minute Virus of Mice MVM kit, a novel, proprietary viral clearance prediction tool that includes a non-infectious mock virus particle mimicking the physicochemical properties of live virus that may be present endogenously in the drug substance or introduced during bioproduction. The kit enables manufacturers to conduct viral clearance assessments easily and economically and to predict outcomes in-house ahead of costly and logistically challenging live viral clearance studies. In 2022, Cygnus Technologies introduced MockV RVLP Kit. This kit enables bioprocess scientists to quantify the removal of Retrovirus-like Particles 
 9 

Table of Contents 

(RVLPs) produced endogenously by Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell lines during biopharmaceutical manufacturing. The kit includes a highly purified and concentrated stock solution of RVLP, an actual non-infectious retrovirus-like contaminant generated during CHO production. In the early 1990s, global regulatory agencies such as the FDA realized the prevalence of this particle and became concerned about the retroviral safety of CHO-derived biopharmaceuticals. Since then, the biopharmaceutical industry has relied on CROs to propagate Xenotropic Murine Leukemia Virus (XMuLV) as a model retrovirus to demonstrate effective clearance. With the availability of the MockV RVLP Kit, biopharmaceutical companies can now independently assess the removal of the original retroviral particle of regulatory concern, derived directly from CHO cells. 
 Ancillary reagents . These products include antibodies, antigens, sample diluents and other auxiliary products necessary to optimize applications for customer processes. 
 Custom services . We provide process-specific antibody and ELISA development, qualification and maintenance services. In addition, we have pioneered advanced orthogonal methods including antibody affinity extraction (AAE and mass spectrometry for HCP antibodies coverage analysis and HCP identification, which we provide as custom services. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe we are a leader in providing nucleic acid products and biologics safety testing products and services to biopharmaceutical customers worldwide. Our success is built on the ability of our proprietary technologies and products, provided under exacting quality standards, to reliably serve our customers needs for critical raw materials. 
 Leading Supplier of Critical Solutions for Life Sciences from Discovery to Commercialization 
 We seek to be an important component of our customers supply chain by providing inputs that are central to the performance of their products and processes throughout the product lifecycle. By collaborating with customers early in the development phase, our products frequently follow our customers development path to commercialization and are likely to be incorporated as raw materials in their on-market products and processes. Our decades-long experience and track record, coupled with our ongoing investment in facilities and quality systems, allow our customers to rely on us for their critical products. Our approach is to be a trusted partner throughout the life cycle of our customers products. 
 Innovation, Proprietary Technologies and Expertise Underpin Our Portfolio 
 Our expertise in complex chemistries leads customers to seek our collaboration in designing complex products that meet high performance expectations. Based on the responses to the Industry Analysis, we believe the solutions we provide, in many cases, cannot be provided effectively by our competitors. In certain cases, like our CleanCap technology, our know-how is backed by intellectual property. In other cases, such as our HCP products, our antibodies are proprietary and therefore can only be supplied by us. We believe the proprietary nature of our expertise and products solidifies our long-term customer relationships. 
 Products with Outstanding Quality Performance 
 We believe our products stand out when compared to those of our competitors because they present innovative solutions to customer needs, as indicated by the responses to the Industry Analysis, while providing reliable performance and quality. CleanCap, for example, offers advantages over competing capping technologies in yield, stability and safety. Our oligonucleotides address complex chemistry challenges, which we believe few competitors can address. The results of the Industry Analysis indicate that our HCP ELISA kits have defined the market for impurity detection and we believe they have become a de facto standard in biologics safety testing. 
 Trusted Brands 
 Our TriLink BioTechnologies, Glen Research, and Cygnus Technologies brands are well known in their respective markets for consistent quality and performance. This brand recognition has been earned over decades. Our manufacturing processes, quality standards, technical support and high-touch customer service ensure that we maintain the reputation of our brands. 
 State-of-the-Art Manufacturing Facilities 
 Our biopharmaceutical customers manufacture their products to meet stringent quality standards under strict regulatory guidelines and expect their critical suppliers to meet their exacting requirements. Our customers further expect that we have the production capacity to meet their needs in a timely manner. As of December 31, 2022, we had invested approximately 90.9 million into our flagship Wateridge facility and its five dedicated manufacturing suites to produce materials under GMP conditions, along with the required quality systems to meet requirements specified by our customers. Additionally, this investment in our Wateridge facility allows us to meet our customers demand for our nucleic acid products, including 
 10 

Table of Contents 

CleanCap. We similarly invest in our other sites to ensure we meet our customers expectations. Throughout 2022 we invested in additional facilities that we expect to bring online operationally in 2023, including 1) an additional facility in San Diego, California to further support GMP-grade manufacturing and to support customers into Phase II clinical trials and beyond, and 2) a new state of the art facility in Leland, North Carolina to further support the Biologics Safety Testing business. We believe that the capacity to manufacture to stringent biopharmaceutical standards is constrained within the industry and our ability to meet this demand sets us apart from our competition. 
 Experienced Leaders and Talented Workforce 
 Our management includes experienced leaders with demonstrated records of success at Maravai and other highly regarded industry participants. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, approximately 18 of our workforce have earned advanced degrees and all receive rigorous on the job training. We believe the quality of our personnel is critical to ensuring the collaborative, long-standing relationships we maintain with many of our customers. 
 
 Our Markets 
 We participate in two distinct market segments: nucleic acid production and biologics safety testing, which, according to industry consultants, together represented approximately 15.2 billion in annual spending in 2022. Of that combined market, we estimate our addressable portion represents approximately 3.7 billion. Our businesses principally address high growth market segments in biopharmaceutical development. In particular, the field of cell and gene therapy has emerged as one of the fastest growing treatment modalities to address a host of human conditions. There are more than 2,000 cell and gene therapies in development or launched and sales in this category are expected to grow more than five times by 2027, according to industry consultants and management estimates. 
 While we expect near-term declines in overall market demand for COVID-related products, we expect to benefit from favorable industry dynamics in our broader market segments and specific growth drivers in our addressable market segments. 
 Biopharmaceutical customers are increasingly relying on outside parties to provide important raw material inputs and services for their clinical research and manufacturing, a development driving growth for suppliers with unique capabilities, high quality and the ability to manufacture at a relevant scale to support customer programs. We believe that suppliers like ourselves, with this rare combination of capabilities, proprietary products and the required investment in manufacturing and quality systems, are benefiting from rapid growth as biopharmaceutical customers seek to partner with a small number of trusted partners. 
 
 In addition to the continued trend toward outsourcing, several market developments should contribute to long-term growth in our addressable market segments, including: 
 Pivot toward mRNA vaccines and therapeutics for non-COVID indications has been accelerated in part by COVID-19 . The first two vaccines approved for use in combating the COVID-19 pandemic were mRNA vaccines, 
 11 

Table of Contents 

including the vaccine developed by Pfizer and BioNTech which uses our CleanCap product. Our CleanCap product is also incorporated into the bivalent booster vaccine developed by Pfizer and BioNTech. The mRNA platforms are gaining prominence as a result of their fast development time, lower relative manufacturing costs and proven safety profile. Pfizer and BioNTech are now developing a combined COVID-19 and Influenza vaccine that has been placed into a designation that can fast-track a regulatory decision by the FDA. In addition to the COVID-19 vaccines, mRNA technology is being investigated for a spectrum of other infectious diseases as well as cancer vaccines, including personalized medicine vaccines. We expect research in other mRNA vaccines to experience increased growth as research conducted for COVID-19 diffuses more broadly into other vaccines and therapies. RNA expertise is highly specialized, and customers seek partners with our expertise to provide these complex products. A small number of providers, like ourselves, with a successful track record for COVID-19, can provide this level of RNA capability. 
 Rapid growth in development of cell and gene therapies . Five new cell and gene therapy approvals (Carvykti, Roctavian, Upstanza, Hemgenix, Adstiladrin) were all granted FDA or EMA approval in 2022 and have added clinical credibility to cell and gene therapies. Our internal analysis, supported by third-party research, projects that by 2027, 40-50 of the mRNA pipeline assets will be for in vivo gene editing and ex vivo gene-edited cell therapies. We support the development of cell and gene therapies by providing products used in gene editing and cell therapy research. For example, our host cell protein assays are used during the manufacturing of viral vectors and plasmid DNA. Further, we participate by providing the critical high quality synthetic guide RNA and mRNA that encodes for gene-editing enzymes, such as Cas9 that are used in vivo gene editing and ex vivo gene-edited cell therapies. 
 Large and growing pipeline of protein-based therapeutics . In addition to cell and gene therapies, an increase in protein-based therapies is driving the need for impurity testing during process development and manufacturing from our Biologics Safety Testing business. Classical biologics are evolving to be expressed in vivo via mRNA. Our analysis suggests that therapeutic proteins and protein replacement may represent as much as 25 of the mRNA pipeline by 2027. We are well positioned to leverage our service capabilities and deep understanding of mRNA biology to serve our customers needs to express these large, complex, peptide-based molecules. 
 Nucleic Acid Production Market 
 The nucleic acid production market includes the production and synthesis of reagents for research and manufacturing of DNA and RNA-based biologics. Nucleic acid production was an 11.0 billion market in 2022. Market growth generally accelerated in recent years until the middle of 2022 due to continued innovation in cell and gene therapy, including mRNA therapeutics and synthetic biology approaches, and particularly as a result of mRNA manufacturing of COVID-19 vaccines. 
 The field of mRNA-based drugs and vaccines has advanced dramatically within a few short years. Capacity to manufacture these products when approved, however, remains in short supply. Providers of technical expertise and manufacturing capabilities, like ourselves, with the facilities and quality systems demanded by biopharmaceutical customers, benefit from the demand created in the mRNA category. 
 Biologics Safety Testing Market 
 The biologics safety testing market includes the detection and clearance of downstream bioprocessing product-related and process-related impurities. Biologics safety testing is a 4.2 billion market in 2022. We participate in the HCP and other process related impurities and viral contamination segments of this market for biopharmaceutical vaccine and therapeutics manufacturing. The growth in this market is driven by continued growth of biologics and biosimilars, viral vector manufacturing for rapidly-growing CAR-T and gene therapy modalities, and increased outsourcing of process development. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 Our customers strive to improve human health. Our goal is to provide them with products and services to accelerate their development efforts, from basic research through clinical trials and ultimately to commercialization for therapeutics, diagnostics and vaccines. 
 Supporting Biopharmaceutical Customers from Discovery Through to Commercialization 
 Our customers include both emerging and established biopharmaceutical leaders developing novel drugs, therapeutics, diagnostics and vaccines. Emerging biopharmaceutical customers frequently seek the support we can offer in our state-of-the-art facilities under our stringent quality standards, with the capabilities that result from the capital and process investments we have made over the last several years. We are capable of manufacturing reagents from research-grade to GMP-grade, which 
 12 

Table of Contents 

often exceeds the in-house capabilities of our pre-commercial customers. The results of the Industry Analysis indicate that our emerging and established customers also seek us out for our leading capabilities in nucleic acid chemistries and process control assays. We have expertise in complex chemistries, especially in highly modified nucleic acids and mRNA, and we believe we are a leader in applying these capabilities to the development of vaccines and therapeutics. We further support our customers as they transition from product development to commercialization by providing critical raw materials for their drugs. A core component of our strategy is the continued investment in facilities, quality standards and products and services that allow us to support our customers through the entire life cycle of their drugs. 
 Developing Proprietary Technologies that Deepen our Relationships with Our Customers 
 We believe we are experts in nucleic acids and our scientists aim to develop proprietary enabling technologies that become integral to our customers products. For example, CleanCap, our proprietary chemical capping technology, has demonstrated its advantages in terms of the stability of the associated mRNA and its efficiency in protein production when compared to traditional capping technologies. This efficiency has led biopharmaceutical customers to employ CleanCap in their vaccine and therapeutic programs. As those products proceed through development into commercialization, we believe CleanCap will be a critical input in on-market vaccines and therapeutics. 
 Forming Long-Term Partnerships for Critical Biopharmaceutical Components and Process Tests 
 Our products are frequently incorporated into regulated and highly validated therapeutic and diagnostic products and processes. Our biopharmaceutical customers expect us to provide them with consistent, high-quality products that meet narrow specifications, and that we ensure their supply chain for such products for the length of their programs. In many cases, we may be the sole source of the products we provide. We therefore take seriously our responsibility to our biopharmaceutical partners, and by extension the patients they serve. Our emphasis on partnership generally leads to long-term relationships with our customers. 
 Focusing Our Efforts on High Growth End Markets 
 While biopharmaceutical research and in vitro diagnostics markets are experiencing strong growth, we target the highest growth segments within those markets. Our product portfolio is well positioned to serve the biologic, cell and gene therapy and mRNA vaccine and therapeutic end markets, which are currently experiencing above-market growth. By investing in technologies at the forefront of biopharmaceutical and in vitro diagnostics, we aim to remain focused on the highest-growth applications. 
 Acquiring Leading Life Sciences Businesses and Supporting Their Continued Development 
 We built our business by acquiring established and emerging companies with strong scientific foundations in our target markets and investing in their systems, processes and people to accelerate their growth and expand their technologies. Going forward, we may pursue strategic acquisitions that we believe meet, or could meet after being acquired and expanded, the following criteria: 
 address our core target markets; 
 have a demonstrated adherence to high quality standards; 
 be leaders in their market niche(s); 
 have differentiated or proprietary products and processes that provide clear value to our biopharmaceutical and other customers; and 
 have a track record of attractive rates of growth and compelling returns on invested capital. 
 Our acquisition strategy is to invest significantly in our acquired businesses. We strive to rapidly integrate their quality, human resources, information and financial systems into our shared services. All of our companies share a common enterprise resource planning system, and we implement our financial controls and reporting systems soon after acquisition. We seek opportunities to invest in their facilities and personnel to provide an operating foundation for growth. We also augment their commercial capabilities through a combination of sales and marketing resources dedicated to each business, supported by our global marketing infrastructure. 
 We will continue to seek a balance between driving growth organically and inorganically through acquisitions. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Commercial 
 We have relationships with the following categories of customers: developers of therapeutics and vaccines, other biopharmaceutical and life science research companies, academic institutions and molecular diagnostic companies. Developers of therapeutics and vaccines, including cell and gene therapies, comprise about 85 of our customer base. Our biopharmaceutical customers include startups, established biotechnology companies and large pharmaceutical companies developing enzyme replacement therapies, gene editing therapies, ex vivo therapies and vaccines. 
 Our commercial function includes direct sales, marketing, customer service, technical support and distributor management. We serve customers through direct sales in each business segment, with a primary focus on our biopharmaceutical and large diagnostics and commercial customers. We serve our academic customers via web, email and phone ordering as well as through key partnerships where our reagent products are included in their mRNA kits. We support all customers with live technical support and customer service. 
 We address customers outside the United States with a combination of direct sales and distributors. We serve many of our biopharmaceutical customers, especially in our nucleic acid production segment, via direct sales worldwide. Our distributors also sell our products in over 45 countries and provide customer service and local sales and marketing. 
 
 Competition 
 We compete with a range of companies across our segments. 
 Nucleic Acid Production 
 Within nucleic acid production, we compete with four primary types of companies: (1) chemistry companies that create and produce the basic monomers, amidites, and supports that go into the creation of an oligonucleotide; (2) oligonucleotide manufacturers that specialize in custom oligonucleotide development of varying complexities and scales; (3) mRNA biotechnology companies that create fully processed mRNA and specialize in custom, complex orders; and (4) CDMOs that have the capability to accept work from large biopharmaceutical companies and serve as the outsourcing entity for the development and manufacturing of nucleic acid products. However, it is important to note that CDMOs seldom offer proprietary products. 
 For mRNA capping analogs, we compete principally with Thermo Fisher Scientific, Aldevron (a subsidiary of Danaher), and New England BioLabs, who offer alternatives to CleanCap with enzymatic capping solutions. Many biopharmaceutical companies produce capping solutions in-house using enzymatic or ARCA processes. However, given CleanCap s high yield and process efficiency, many customers who previously insourced these processes have begun to partner with us. Based on the Industry Analysis, we believe our products and services are more effective than those of our competitors. Deep scientific expertise, intellectual property protection and specialty equipment serve as barriers to entry in this space. 
 For our mRNA offerings, we compete with Aldevron Patheon, eTheRNA, Lonza, Catalent, and Samsung Biologics, among others. Based on the Industry Analysis, we believe we have a reputation for our expertise in the RNA space with talented scientists who are constantly pushing the frontier of RNA science. This scientific expertise and the required high-cost equipment serve as barriers to entry. In addition to our expertise, we believe our GMP cleanroom manufacturing process differentiates us from competitors. 
 For custom oligonucleotides, we compete with a number of manufacturers. Custom oligonucleotide providers include those that provide complex, highly modified oligonucleotides and those that provide less complex offerings. In the custom oligonucleotide space, complexity is based on the length of the sequence and level of modification to the phosphate backbone. Large manufacturers like Integrated DNA Technologies, Thermo Fisher Scientific and EMD Millipore Corporation Millipore Sigma serve less complex customer needs while we, LGC Biosearch Technologies and GenScript Biotech Corporation serve more complex customer needs. In the custom oligonucleotide market, we have a reputation for accepting complex orders and delivering high purity products that reduce researcher re-work and save money. Quick turnaround times and the ability to produce at scale are essential requirements in this segment. 
 In the oligonucleotide synthesis inputs market, we compete against large distributor-manufacturers like Thermo Fisher and Millipore Sigma while also serving them as customers. Our Glen Research brand has a long history in this industry, which drives customer loyalty, and has a reputation for high-fidelity technical service, focusing on supplying and sourcing highly modified inputs for its customers. 
 Biologics Safety Testing 
 For drugs in early development, we compete against other bioprocess impurity kit providers such as BioGenes BioGenes or Enzo Life Sciences Enzo ). Competitors generally offer fewer expression platforms (generally between one and three) 
 14 

Table of Contents 

compared to our offering of 23 expression platforms and over 75 different impurity detection kits. As a drug successfully moves forward to validation and approval stages, a customer may either continue with an off-the-shelf kit or they may begin the process to develop a custom assay that is tailored to meet their specific host cell and manufacturing process needs. During the entire drug development process, and especially during this decision, we are partners with the manufacturer and provide our expertise to help them make the best bioprocess quality control and testing-related decisions. 
 If a drug manufacturer continues with an off-the-shelf assay from development to validation and approval, they will generally stay with the incumbent kit provider due to the extensive validation they have conducted. For custom assay development, our main competitors are BioGenes, Rockland Immunochemicals and some CDMOs and CROs with custom assay development capabilities. The trend in recent years has been for CDMOs, CROs and large biopharmaceutical companies to focus on core competencies and outsource host cell protein assays or qualify off-the-shelf kits when possible. 
 
 Licenses and Collaborations 
 Broad Patent License Agreement 
 We (through TriLink BioTechnologies) entered into a Nonexclusive Patent License and Material Transfer Agreement with The Broad Institute, Inc. Broad effective as of July 5, 2017, and amended on September 29, 2017 (the Broad Patent License Agreement ). Broad, together with a consortium of educational institutions (including Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology), owns and controls certain patent rights relating to genome editing technology, including the CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing processes and have a licensing program for use and commercialization of technologies and products covered by the underlying patent rights. Under the Broad Patent License Agreement, Broad grants to us a non-exclusive, royalty-bearing, non-transferable and non-sublicensable, worldwide license under the licensed patent rights to manufacture and sell products and to perform certain in vitro processes or services on a fee-for-service basis, in each case, solely as research tools for research purposes (excluding human, clinical or diagnostic uses). We must use diligent efforts to develop products, introduce products into the commercial market and make products reasonably available to the public. We are obligated to pay a mid-five figure annual license maintenance fee and royalties in the range of 5 to 10 on net sales of covered products and processes. 
 The term of the Broad Patent License Agreement extends through the expiration of the last to expire claim of any of the licensed patents. We are entitled to terminate the Broad Patent License Agreement for convenience at any time on at least three (3) months written notice, in which case we must continue to pay license maintenance fees and royalties as noted above for the sale of products that are not covered by the specific claims of the licensed patent rights but are otherwise derived from such licensed patent rights or from products covered by such licensed patent rights. Broad may terminate the license for our uncured failure to make payments, for our uncured material breach or if we bring a patent challenge against any of the institutional rights holders. 
 LSU Patent License Agreement 
 We (through TriLink BioTechnologies) entered into a Patent License Agreement with the Board of Supervisors of Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College and Dr. Edward Darzynkiewicz (collectively, LSU effective as of July 7, 2010 (the LSU Patent License Agreement ). Under the LSU Patent License Agreement, LSU grants to us a non-exclusive, royalty-bearing license under an issued U.S. patent and patents that claim priority thereto, directed to mRNA capping technology to make and sell reagents and kits for research use only (excluding use in humans or for diagnostic or therapeutic purposes) in the United States. We are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize the licensed products throughout the life of the LSU Patent License Agreement. We are obligated to pay a low four-figure annual license maintenance fee and royalties in the range of 5 to 10 on net sales of licensed products. 
 We must pay royalties to LSU until the expiration of the last to expire licensed patents. We are entitled to terminate the LSU Patent License Agreement for convenience at any time on at least sixty (60) days written notice, subject to paying in full all amounts due up to the date of termination and cessation of any exercise of the licensed rights thereafter. LSU may terminate the license for our uncured failure to make payments or our uncured material breach. 
 AmberGen Agreement 
 We (through Glen Research) entered into an Agreement with AmberGen, Inc. AmberGen ), dated May 11, 2000 (the AmberGen Agreement under which AmberGen has appointed us the exclusive distributor of AmberGen s proprietary photocleavable product offered under the name PC Phosphoramidite on a worldwide basis. We are limited to selling the product for research use only and are required to use good faith efforts to discontinue distribution to buyers making use of the product than purposes other than laboratory research. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

We are entitled under the AmberGen Agreement to purchase product from AmberGen at AmberGen s cost to manufacture the product. On a monthly basis, we are required to remit to AmberGen 50 of the gross profits on product sales for which payments were received in the preceding month. 
 The AmberGen Agreement was initially in effect for a five-year term but is now in a series of automatic one-year renewal terms. Either party may terminate the AmberGen Agreement on six (6) months written notice or immediately for material breach of the other party or, subject to a cure period, for certain bankruptcy-related events. 
 BTI Biosearch Dyes Agreement 
 We (through Glen Research) are a party to a Commercial Supply and License Agreement with Biosearch Technologies, Inc. BTI ), dated June 29, 2004, as amended on November 8, 2004 (the BTI Biosearch Dyes Agreement ), under which BTI agrees to supply us with certain BTI dyes and we are granted a worldwide, non-exclusive license to sell certain BTI dyes and to use BTI s product-related trademarks to do so. The BTI dyes can only be sold for the customer s internal research and development use and inclusion in commercial kits or any commercial application is prohibited unless the customer has obtained a valid commercial license from BTI. The rights granted do not include sales to customers for use in human in vitro or clinical diagnosis. We are required to pay a per unit price for the licensed BTI products. 
 The BTI Biosearch Dyes Agreement was originally in effect for a term of two years and is now in a series of annual year-to-year renewals. Either party has the right to opt-out of such renewals upon ninety (90) days notice prior to the next renewal. Either party can terminate the agreement for convenience at any time on six months written notice. Either party can terminate the agreement for the other party s uncured material breach or insolvency. 
 
 Manufacturing and Supply 
 We occupy facilities in San Diego, California, Southport, North Carolina and Sterling, Virginia. 
 Our Wateridge facility in San Diego is engaged in the manufacture of reagents. The facility was designed and built by us in conjunction with the building owner to contain fully functional chemical and biological manufacturing operations from material receiving to product distribution and has its own loading dock, manufacturing gas delivery system, solvent delivery and waste system, ISO 8 and ISO 7 designated customer manufacturing suites and integrated building management systems for required site control. 
 We continue to invest in our Wateridge facility with recent expansions allowing for the manufacture of plasmid DNA and creation of ISO Class 8 and ISO Class 7 clean rooms providing for an expansion of the scale at which we can manufacture CleanCap and NTPs, supported by a pilot plant for development of large-scale manufacturing processes. This investment has allowed us to substantially increase our capacity for nucleic acid production and specifically CleanCap meeting the demand from our customers without interruption or constraints. 
 In addition to the Wateridge facility, throughout 2022 we invested in an additional facility in San Diego. California (the Flanders San Diego Facility that we expect to occupy in 2023. The new Flanders San Diego Facility will provide us with additional GMP manufacturing capacity and provide us the optionality downstream to manufacture materials beyond current quality requirements for mRNA raw materials, including CleanCap. The Flanders San Diego Facility will include the introduction of integrated manufacturing systems, quality of water improvements from Reverse Osmosis De-ionized grade water to WFI Water For Injection ), which is pharmaceutical grade water, and other facility infrastructure investments to support potential customer needs related to quality. These investments will also support an additional increase to batch run sizes and overall throughput. 
 In 2022, we secured additional office, warehouse and light lab space in San Diego for the primary purpose to relocate our sales, general and administrative employees. We also assumed a lease from our MyChem acquisition and have repurposed the facility as a small R D lab. 
 Our Southport, North Carolina operations are engaged in the manufacture and processing of antibody and HCP ELISA kits. The operations include laboratory, manufacturing, bottling, shipping and waste handling capabilities. In 2023, our Southport operations will relocate to a new state-of-the-art facility in Leland, North Carolina. This new facility more than doubles our operational square footage to support current and future growth. The fully customized design will provide room for a Mass Spectrometry Center of Excellence and specialized cell culture facilities. It will significantly increase our cold storage capacity while providing other R D, laboratory and automation upgrades. Extensive process flow analysis has been incorporated into the facility design to optimize and enhance both our manufacturing and kit packaging operations. 
 Our Sterling, Virginia facility was designed to perform quality control, aliquoting, packaging and shipping and houses the appropriate space and systems. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Our supply chain relies on a network of specialized suppliers and transportation companies. We regularly review our supply chain for supplier quality and risks related to concentration of supply and we take appropriate action to manage these potential risks. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 We provide products used for basic research or as raw materials used by biopharmaceutical customers for further processing, and active pharmaceutical ingredients used for preclinical and clinical studies. The quality of our products is critical to researchers looking to develop novel vaccines and therapies and for biopharmaceutical customers who use our products as raw materials or who are engaged in preclinical studies and clinical trials. Biopharmaceutical customers are subject to extensive regulations by the FDA and similar regulatory authorities in other countries for conducting clinical trials and commercializing products for therapeutic, vaccine or diagnostic use. This regulatory scrutiny results in our customers imposing rigorous quality requirements on us as their supplier through supplier qualification processes and customer contracts. 
 Our nucleic acid and biologics safety testing segments produce materials used in research and biopharmaceutical production, clinical trial vaccines and vaccine support products. We produce materials in support of our customers manufacturing businesses and to fulfill their validation requirements, as applicable. These customer activities are subject to regulation and consequently require these businesses to be inspected by the FDA and other national regulatory agencies under their respective cGMP regulations. These regulations result in our customers imposing quality requirements on us for the manufacture of our products, and maintain records of our manufacturing, testing and control activities. In addition, the specific activities of some of our businesses require us to hold specialized licenses for the manufacture, distribution and/or marketing of particular products. 
 All of our sites are subject to licensing and regulation, as appropriate under federal, state and local laws relating to: 
 the surface and air transportation of chemicals, biological reagents and hazardous materials; 
 the handling, use, storage and disposal of chemicals (including toxic substances), biological reagents and hazardous waste; 
 the procurement, handling, use, storage and disposal of biological products for research purposes; 
 the safety and health of employees and visitors to our facilities; and 
 protection of the environment and general public. 
 Regulatory compliance programs at each of our businesses are managed by a dedicated group responsible for regulatory affairs and compliance, including the use of outside consultants. Our compliance programs are also managed by quality management systems, such as vendor supplier programs and training programs. Within each business, we have established Quality Management Systems QMS responsible for risk based internal audit programs to manage regulatory requirements and client quality expectations. Our QMS program ensures that management has proper oversight of regulatory compliance and quality assurance, inclusive of reviews of our system practices to ensure that appropriate quality controls are in place and that a robust audit strategy confirms requirements for compliance and quality assurance. 
 Research Products 
 Our products and operations may be subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the FDA and other federal, state, or local authorities, as well as foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA regulates, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacturing, clearance, approval, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, marketing, distribution, post-market monitoring and reporting, and import and export of pharmaceutical drugs. Certain of our products are currently marketed as research use only RUO ). 
 We believe that our products that are marketed as RUO products are exempt from compliance with GMP regulations under the FDCA. RUO products cannot make any claims related to safety, effectiveness or diagnostic utility and they cannot be intended for human clinical diagnostic use. In November 2013, the FDA issued a final guidance on products labeled RUO, which, among other things, reaffirmed that a company may not make any clinical or diagnostic claims about an RUO product. The FDA will also evaluate the totality of the circumstances to determine if the product is intended for diagnostic purposes. If the FDA were to determine, based on the totality of circumstances, that our products labeled and marketed for RUO are intended for diagnostic purposes, they would be considered medical products that will require clearance or approval prior to commercialization. 
 We do not make claims related to safety or effectiveness and they are not intended for diagnostic or clinical use. However, the quality of our products is critical to meeting customer needs, and we therefore voluntarily follow the quality standards outlined by the International Organization for Standardization for quality management systems (ISO 9001:2015) for the design, 
 17 

Table of Contents 

development, manufacture, and distribution of our products. Some biopharmaceutical customers desire extra requirements including quality parameters and product specifications, which are outlined in customer-specific quality agreements. These products are further processed and validated by customers for their applications. Customers qualify us as part of their quality system requirements, which can include a supplier questionnaire and on-site audits. Customers requalify us on a regular basis to ensure our quality system, processes and facilities continue to meet their needs and we are meeting requirements outlined in relevant customer agreements. 
 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients APIs for Clinical Trials 
 We provide APIs to customers for use in preclinical studies through and including clinical trials. We hold a drug manufacturing license with the California Food and Drug Branch of the California Department of Public Health for manufacture of APIs for clinical use and are subject to inspection to maintain licensure. Manufacture of APIs for use in clinical trials is regulated under 501(a)(2)(B) of the FDCA, but is not subject to the current GMP regulations in 21 CFR 211 by operation of 21 CFR 210. We follow the principles detailed in the International Council for Harmonisation ICH Q7, Good Manufacturing Practice Guide for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (Section 19, APIs For Use in Clinical Trials) in order to comply with the applicable requirements of the FDCA, and the comparable GMP principles for Europe; European Community, Part II, Basic Requirements for Active Substances Used as Starting Materials (Section 19, APIs For Use in Clinical Trials). APIs are provided to customers under customer contracts that outline quality standards and product specifications. As products advance through the clinical phases, requirements become more stringent, and we work with customers to define and agree on requirements and risks associated with their product. 
 Customers biopharmaceutical products early in their development have a high failure rate and often do not advance through the clinical stages to commercialization. Our customers are required to follow regulatory pathways that are not always known, which may cause additional unforeseen requirements placed on us as their contract manufacturer and delays in advancing to the next stage of product development. We also provide novel compounds for cell and gene therapy applications, which result in additional challenges for our customers attempting to obtain regulatory approval given that this field is relatively new, and regulations are evolving. Customer clinical trials rely on approval from institutional review boards IRBs and patient and volunteer enrollment, which makes timelines unpredictable for advancing to the next stage in product development. Preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by our customers are also expensive and data may be negative or inconclusive causing customers to abandon projects that were expected to continue. Regulatory requirements in both the United States and abroad are always evolving and compliance with future laws may require significant investment to ensure compliance. 
 Other Regulatory Requirements 
 Environmental laws and regulations. We believe that our operations comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations concerning environmental protection. To date, there have been no material effects upon our earnings or competitive position resulting from our compliance with applicable laws or regulations enacted or adopted relating to the protection of the environment. Our capital and operating expenditures for pollution control in 2022 and 2021 were not material. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products and services, defend and enforce our intellectual property rights, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets, and operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating valid and enforceable intellectual property rights of others. We seek to protect the investments made into the development of our products and services by relying on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, including know-how, and license agreements. We also seek to protect our proprietary products and services, in part, by requiring our employees, consultants, contractors and other third parties to execute confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements. 
 Patents. Our intellectual property strategy is focused on protecting through patents and other intellectual property rights our core products and services, including CleanCap, and related instrumentation and applications. In addition, we protect our ongoing research and development into critical reagents for cell and gene therapy through patents and other intellectual property rights. Our patent portfolio generally includes patents and patent applications relating to compositions and methods for the production of oligonucleotides, nucleic acids, immunofluorescence assays, and mock viral particles. We may own provisional patent applications, and provisional patent applications are not eligible to become issued patents until, among other things, we file national stage patent applications either directly or via the PCT within 12 or 30 to 32 months, respectively. If we do not timely file any national stage patent applications, we may lose our priority date with respect to our provisional patent applications and any patent protection on the inventions disclosed in such provisional patent applications. We cannot predict whether any such patent applications will result in the issuance of patents that provide us with any competitive advantage. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Issued patents extend for varying periods depending on the date of filing of the patent application or the date of patent issuance and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, utility patents issued for applications are granted a term of 21 years from the earliest effective filing date of a non-provisional patent application. Issued patents may be extended beyond the natural 21 year term for regulatory or administrative delay in accordance with provisions of applicable local law. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 The following granted patents relate to our CleanCap products and technology. 
 Jurisdiction Patent Number Title Expiration United States 10494399 
 Compositions and methods for synthesizing 5 -Capped RNAs 
 2036 United States 10519189 
 Compositions and methods for synthesizing 5 -Capped RNAs 
 2036 United States 10913768C1 
 Compositions and methods for synthesizing 5 -Capped RNAs 
 2036 United States 11414453 
 Compositions and methods for synthesizing 5 -Capped RNAs 
 2036 Europe 3352584 
 Compositions and methods for synthesizing 5 -Capped RNAs 
 2036 Australia 2016328645 
 Compositions and methods for synthesizing 5 -Capped RNAs 
 2036 Japan 6814997 
 Compositions and methods for synthesizing 5 -Capped RNAs 
 2036 Japan 7082174 
 Compositions and methods for synthesizing 5 -Capped RNAs 
 2036 
 The following patents relate to our MockV related products and technology. 
 Jurisdiction Patent Number Title Expiration United States 9632087 
 Methods for evaluating viral clearance from a biopharmaceutical solution employing mock viral particles 
 2034 United States 10309963 
 Methods for evaluating viral clearance from a process solution employing mock viral particles 
 2034 Europe 3044339 
 Methods and kits for quantifying the removal of mock virus particles from a purified solution 
 2034 Australia 2014320015 Methods and kits for quantifying the removal of Mock Virus Particles from a purified solution 
 2034 China 105899684 
 Methods and kits for quantifying pseudoviral particles removed from purified solution 
 2034 Japan 6549126 
 Methods and kits for removal of mock virus particles from a purified solution 
 2034 
 Trademarks. Our trademark portfolio is designed to protect the brands of our current and future products and includes U.S. trademark registrations for our company name, Maravai LifeSciences, subsidiary names Cygnus Technologies and TriLink Biotechnologies and various product names, such as CleanCap and MockV. 
 Trade Secrets. We also rely on trade secrets, including know-how, unpatented technology and other proprietary information, to strengthen our competitive position. We have determined that certain technologies, such as the production of antibodies for biologics safety testing, are better kept as trade secrets, rather than pursuing patent protection. To prevent disclosure of trade secrets to others, it is our policy to enter into nondisclosure, invention assignment and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to trade secrets, such as our employees, collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, consultants, advisors and other third parties. These agreements also provide that all inventions resulting from work performed for us or relating to our business and conceived or completed during the period of employment or assignment, as applicable, are our exclusive property. In addition, we take other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures, to guard against misappropriation of our proprietary information by third parties. 
 We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would advance our business objectives. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no assurance that we will adequately protect our intellectual property or provide any competitive advantage. We cannot provide any assurance that any patents will be issued from our pending or any future patent applications or that any issued patents will adequately protect our products or technology. Our intellectual property rights may be invalidated, held unenforceable, circumvented, narrowed or challenged. In addition, the laws of various foreign countries where our products are distributed may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in the United States. Furthermore, it may be difficult to protect our trade secrets. While we have confidence in the measures we take to protect and preserve our trade secrets, they may be inadequate and can be breached, and we may not have adequate 
 19 

Table of Contents 

remedies for violations of such measures. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. Moreover, our invention assignment agreements with employees, collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, consultants, advisors and other third parties may not be self-executing or otherwise provide meaningful protection for our intellectual property rights. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, third parties, including our competitors, may be able to use our technologies to produce and market products that compete with us and erode our competitive advantage. For more information regarding risks related to intellectual property, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Intellectual Property. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 Operating a sustainable business begins with our people. As of December 31, 2022, we had over 610 full-time employees. Among our employees, 46 identified as female, 54 identified as male and 55 identified as ethnically or racially diverse. Approximately 18 of our employees have earned advanced degrees and all employees receive rigorous on the job training. None of our employees is represented by a labor union, and none of our employees has entered into a collective bargaining agreement with us. We offer a highly competitive compensation and benefits program to attract and retain top talent. We believe it is important for our employees to have an ownership stake in our company, so all eligible employees receive equity awards under our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan and have the opportunity to purchase stock at a discount under our 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 At Maravai, our success hinges on our ability to attract, engage, develop and retain a talented and diverse team who share our core values and mission to enable the miracles of science. Our talented employees drive our mission and help shape our culture, which plays an invaluable role in our execution at all levels in our organization. Our culture reflects our shared core values which we believe contribute to our success and the continued growth of our organization. We use our core values in candidate screening and performance management to help reinforce their importance in our organization. 
 Our mission and core values are coded into our culture and help guide our path forward. We define our company culture and guiding principles with a simple acronym for how we conduct ourselves and service our clients: CODE. 
 C onnected believing in people, trust and collaboration. 
 O pen embracing ideas and perspectives for better outcomes. 
 D riven finding a better way, always. 
 E mpowered - valuing integrity and accountability in everything we do. 
 Our human capital management strategy oversees culture, talent acquisition, compensation and benefits, employee engagement, training and development, health and wellness and diversity, equity and inclusion. In 2022, we made strategic advancements in each of these areas to help ensure our workforce is aligned with our mission and values. For example, we implemented a new global applicant tracking system that enables us to better organize, track and engage with candidates throughout the recruitment and hiring process. We also launched a comprehensive, five-day orientation program for new employees called Foundations, which includes informational sessions with leadership and more than twenty hours of self-directed training. 
 As part of our efforts to enhance our company culture, we have dedicated personnel focused on our diversity, equity and inclusion strategy and launched our first employee resource group, Women in Leadership, and proud to have an executive leadership team that is 50 women. To improve the quality of our colleagues experience at Maravai, we measured various levels of engagement through a company-wide survey and received an average participation rate of 91 . We use the results from our survey to develop action plans that we can incorporate into our human capital management strategy. 
 As a leading life sciences company. we are committed to the health, safety and well-being of our employees. All employees exposed to potential hazards are required to complete annual health and safety training, including laboratory chemical safety, hazard communication and hazardous waste management. In 2022, we continued to strengthen our comprehensive environmental, health and safety management system, which includes an online incident reporting platform across all company sites. Additionally, we have implemented incident intervention services which include telemedicine for some of our locations. Through our employee assistance program, employees and their families are offered up to three sessions with licensed counseling professionals at no cost to the employee and have on-demand access to additional online resources. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our website is located at www.maravai.com, and our investor relations website is located at investors.maravai.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any 
 20 

Table of Contents 

amendments to these reports, are available through our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file them with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are also available, free of charge, on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. We webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance and other items that may be material or of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the financial and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The following is a summary of the risk factors our business faces. The list below is not exhaustive, and investors should read this Risk Factors section in full. 
 The extent and duration of our revenue associated with COVID-19-related products and services are uncertain and are dependent, in important respects, on factors outside our control. 
 Changes in economic conditions could negatively impact our revenue and earnings. 
 Certain of our products are used by customers in the production of vaccines and therapies, some of which represent relatively new and still-developing modes of treatment. Unforeseen adverse events, negative clinical outcomes, development of alternative therapies, or increased regulatory scrutiny of these and their financial cost may damage public perception of the safety, utility, or efficacy of these vaccines and therapies or other modes of treatment and may harm our customers ability to conduct their business. Such events may negatively impact our revenue and have an adverse effect on our performance. 
 We are dependent on our customers spending on and demand for outsourced nucleic acid production and biologics safety testing products and services. A reduction in spending or demand could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 We compete with life science, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies who are substantially larger than we are and potentially capable of developing new approaches that could make our products, services and technology obsolete. 
 If our products and services do not perform as expected or the reliability of the technology on which our products and services are based in questioned, we could experience lost revenue, delayed or reduced market acceptance of our products and services, increased costs and damage to our reputation. 
 Our products are highly complex and are subject to quality control requirements. 
 Our commercial success depends on the market acceptance of our life science reagents. Our reagents may not achieve or maintain significant commercial market acceptance. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 
 Ongoing geopolitical instability and the resulting economic disruption may negatively impact our business, operations and financial condition. 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities, limit sales of our existing products and limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 
 Our acquisitions expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, and we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of acquisitions of businesses or technologies. 
 We depend on a limited number of customers for a high percentage of our revenue. If we cannot maintain our current relationships with customers, fail to sustain recurring sources of revenue with our existing customers, or if we fail to enter into new relationships, our future operating results will be adversely affected. 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, sole suppliers, for some of our raw materials and may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers. 
 Our products could become subject to more onerous regulation by the FDA or other regulatory agencies in the future, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent commercialization of our products, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection for our current or future products, or if the scope of our intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, our ability to commercialize our products successfully and to compete effectively may be materially adversely affected. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under any license agreements, disagree over contract interpretation, or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose intellectual property rights that are necessary to our business. 
 Our existing indebtedness could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. 
 Our principal asset is our interest in Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC Topco LLC ), and, accordingly, we depend on distributions from Topco LLC to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Topco LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions. 
 Conflicts of interest could arise between our shareholders and Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC MLSH 1 ), which may impede business decisions that could benefit our shareholders. 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement requires us to make cash payments to MLSH 1 and Maravai Life Sciences Holdings 2, LLC MLSH 2 in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled, and we expect that the payments we will be required to make will be substantial. 
 Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 that will not benefit the other common shareholders to the same extent as they will benefit MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. 
 GTCR, LLC GTCR controls us, and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. 
 Provisions of our corporate governance documents could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our shareholders. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Strategy 
 The extent and duration of our revenue associated with COVID-19 related products and services are uncertain and are dependent, in important respects, on factors outside our control. 
 Certain of our products, including our proprietary CleanCap analogs, are used by our customers in the production of COVID-19 vaccines. While our results of operations and cash flows have been positively impacted by a strong demand for our proprietary CleanCap analogs and ongoing demand for highly modified RNA products, particularly mRNA, the evolving nature of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting global public health response will affect the continued demand for our COVID-19 related products and services, which have comprised the majority of our revenue for the past three years. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we estimate that revenue from COVID-19 related products and services represented approximately 67.9 , 69.7 and 35.4 , respectively, of our total revenues. The ongoing manufacture and supply of COVID-19 vaccines (including bivalent booster doses) by our customers is uncertain and subject to various political, social, economic, and regulatory factors that are outside of our control, including the duration of the pandemic; emerging information concerning the severity and incidence of the virus and its variants; the emergence of additional virus variants; regional resurgences of the virus globally; the rate at which the population globally becomes vaccinated against COVID-19; the development and availability of antiviral therapeutic alternatives; the lapsing of the public health emergency declaration made pursuant to Section 319 of the Public Health Service Act in January 2020 with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic; and political and social debate relating to the need for, efficacy of, or side effects related to one or more specific COVID-19 vaccines. As the supply and manufacture of COVID-19 vaccines by our customers slows, or becomes no longer necessary, including if COVID-19 vaccines by our customers competitors are determined or perceived to be more effective, we expect that demand for our COVID-19 related products and services will significantly decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changes in economic conditions could negatively impact our revenue and earnings. 
 Our reagents are sold primarily to biopharmaceutical and academic organizations developing novel vaccines and therapies and performing basic research. Research and development spending by our customers and the availability of government research funding can fluctuate due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities, general economic conditions and institutional and governmental budgetary policies. Our biologics safety testing customers are biopharmaceutical companies, contract research organizations CROs ), contract development and manufacturing organizations CDMOs and life science companies, which largely serve the biopharmaceutical industry. Our nucleic acid production customers are largely vaccine and therapeutic drug makers or diagnostics manufacturers, which rely in 
 23 

Table of Contents 

part on government healthcare-related policies and funding. As a result, changes in government funding for certain research, decreases in or the imposition of limits on government spending more generally (including as a result of the U.S. federal debt ceiling), or reductions in overall healthcare spending could negatively impact us or our customers and, correspondingly, our sales to them. In particular, if the U.S. Congress fails to increase the U.S. federal debt ceiling, reimbursements we are eligible to receive under the Cooperative Agreement we entered into with the U.S. Department of Defense may be jeopardized, which would negatively affect our business, operations and financial condition 
 Currently, the U.S. and global economies are experiencing ongoing macroeconomic challenges, including labor shortages, supply chain disruptions and historic rates of inflation, which have led to increasing interest rates, volatility in the capital and credit markets, and fiscal and monetary policy uncertainty. Our business operations, as well as our customers and suppliers business operations, have been impacted, and are expected to continue to be impacted, by these negative conditions. In particular, labor shortages and wage inflation have affected our ability to hire, develop and retain our talented and diverse workforce, to maintain performance levels (especially cost and schedule), and to maintain our corporate culture. Further, if our raw material and other laboratory material suppliers experience operational challenges as a result of labor shortages, limited material availability, logistics delays and transportation capacity constraints, or are unable to access adequate capital to support their working capital requirements, they may be unable to provide raw materials or other laboratory materials to us in a timely manner or at a reasonable cost, which could adversely affect our profit margins and results of operations. 
 Additionally, demand for our products and services could be adversely impacted if these ongoing macroeconomic challenges cause customers to reduce their operating budgets, adversely impact our customers ability to commit funds to purchase our products, or otherwise cause customers to delay, cancel, decrease or forego purchases of our products and services. Further, since the majority of our customers contracts can be terminated, delayed or reduced in scope upon short notice or no notice, this may require us to carry excess inventory to manage through unevenness in order activity and lead to unanticipated fluctuations in our quarterly revenue and earnings. If we are not able to forecast and adequately manage through changes in our customers order requirements, our productivity, profitability, results of operations, cash flows and financial position could be negatively impacted. Further deterioration or a protracted extension of these negative macroeconomic conditions, a potential economic downturn or recession, or a significant reduction or delay in governmental funding as a result of U.S. federal budget issues, or the perception that any of these events may occur, could cause a decline in demand for our products and services and adversely affect our performance and result in declines in our revenue and earnings. 
 Certain of our products are used by customers in the production of vaccines and therapies, some of which represent relatively new and still-developing modes of treatment. Unforeseen adverse events, negative clinical outcomes, or increased regulatory scrutiny of these and their financial cost may damage public perception of the safety, utility, or efficacy of these vaccines and therapies or other modes of treatment and may harm our customers ability to conduct their business. Such events may negatively impact our revenue and have an adverse effect on our performance. 
 Gene therapy and nucleic acid vaccines remain relatively new and are under active development, with only a few gene therapies and nucleic acid vaccines, including those for COVID-19, approved to date by regulatory authorities. Public perception may be influenced by claims that gene therapy or nucleic acid vaccines are unsafe or ineffective, and gene therapy may not gain the acceptance of the public or the medical community. Following the release of nucleic acid COVID-19 vaccines, including those that incorporate our CleanCap products, segments of the population have criticized their safety and efficacy impacting vaccine demand. In addition, ethical, social, legal and financial concerns about gene therapy and nucleic acid vaccines, including COVID-19 vaccines, could result in additional regulations or limitations or even prohibitions on certain gene therapies or vaccine-related products. Our customers use of our products and services in therapeutic and vaccine development programs for other (non-COVID-19-related) indications could be impacted by more restrictive regulations or negative public perception, which could negatively affect our business prospects, revenue and results of operation. 
 We are dependent on our customers spending on and demand for outsourced nucleic acid production and biologics safety testing products and services. A reduction in spending or demand could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 The success of our business depends primarily on the number and size of contracts with our customers, primarily pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, for our products and services. As discussed above, during the COVID-19 pandemic we benefited from a significant increase in demand for our products and service, including our proprietary CleanCap analogs that are used by our customers in the production of COVID-19 vaccines, and more generally, as a result of the continued growth of the global biologics market, increasing research and development budgets of our customers and a greater degree of outsourcing by our customers. A slowing or reversal of any of these trends, including a decrease in the amount of COVID-19 vaccines manufactured or supplied by our customers, could have a significant adverse effect on the demand for our products and services. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

In addition to these industry trends, our customers willingness and ability to utilize our products and services are also subject to, among other things, their own financial performance, changes in their available resources, their decisions to acquire in-house manufacturing capacity, their spending priorities, their budgetary policies and practices and their need to develop new biological products, which, in turn, are dependent upon a number of factors, including their competitors discoveries, developments and commercial manufacturing initiatives and the anticipated market, clinical and reimbursement scenarios for specific products and therapeutic areas. In addition, consolidation in the industries in which our customers operate may have an impact on our customers spending as they integrate acquired operations, including research and development departments and associated budgets. If our customers reduce their spending on our products and services as a result of any of these or other factors, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 
 We compete with life science, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies who are substantially larger than we are and potentially capable of developing new approaches that could make our products, services and technology obsolete. 
 The market for pharmaceutical, reagent, therapeutic and diagnostic products and services is intensely competitive, rapidly evolving, significantly affected by new product introductions and other market activities by industry participants and subject to rapid technological change. We also expect increased competition as additional companies enter our market and as more advanced technologies become available. We compete with other providers of outsourced biologics products and services. We also compete with the in-house discovery, development and commercial manufacturing functions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Many of our competitors are large, well-capitalized companies with significantly greater resources and market share than we have. As a consequence, these competitors are able to spend more aggressively on product and service development, marketing, sales and other initiatives than we can. Many of these competitors also have: 
 broader name recognition; 
 longer operating histories and the benefits derived from greater economies of scale; 
 larger and more established distribution networks; 
 additional product and service lines and the ability to bundle products and services to offer higher discounts or other incentives to gain a competitive advantage; 
 more experience in conducting research and development, manufacturing and marketing; 
 more experience in entering into collaborations or other strategic partnership arrangements; and 
 more financial, manufacturing and human resources to support product development, sales and marketing and patent and other intellectual property litigation. 
 These factors, among others, may enable our competitors to market their products and services at lower prices or on terms more advantageous to customers than we can offer. Competition may result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Additionally, our current and future competitors, including certain of our customers, may at any time develop additional products and services that compete with our products and services and new approaches by these competitors may make our products, services, technologies and methodologies obsolete or noncompetitive. We may not be able to compete effectively against these organizations. 
 In addition, to develop and market our new products, services, technologies and methodologies successfully, we must accurately assess and meet customers needs, make significant capital expenditures, optimize our development and manufacturing processes to predict and control costs, hire, train and retain the necessary personnel, increase customer awareness and acceptance of our services, provide high-quality services in a timely manner, price our products and services competitively and effectively integrate customer feedback into our business planning. If we fail to create demand for our new products, services or technologies, our future business could be harmed. 
 If our products and services do not perform as expected or the reliability of the technology on which our products and services are based is questioned, we could experience lost revenue, delayed or reduced market acceptance of our products and services, increased costs and damage to our reputation. 
 Our success depends on the market s confidence that we can provide reliable, high-quality life science reagents. We believe that customers in our target markets are likely to be particularly sensitive to product defects and errors. Our reputation and the public image of our products, services and technologies may be impaired if our products or services fail to perform as expected. 
 Although our products are tested prior to shipment, defects or errors could nonetheless occur. Our operating results depend on our ability to execute and, when necessary, improve our quality management strategy and systems and our ability to effectively 
 25 

Table of Contents 

train and maintain our employee base with respect to quality management. A failure of our quality control systems could result in problems with facility operations or preparation or provision of products. In each case, such problems could arise for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials or environmental factors and damage to, or loss of, manufacturing operations. Such problems could affect production of a particular batch or series of batches of products, requiring the destruction of such products or a halt of facility production altogether. Furthermore, some of the products that we manufacture are subsequently incorporated into products that are sold by other life sciences companies and we have no control over the manufacture and production of those products. 
 In addition, in the event we, or our suppliers, fail to meet required quality standards and if our products experience, or are perceived to experience, a material defect or error, our products could be recalled or we may be unable to timely deliver products to our customers, which in turn could damage our reputation for quality and service. In the past, certain of our custom mRNA and CleanCap reagent products have been sold with insufficient capping efficiency or with incorrect transcription instructions. Additionally, several lots of our host cell protein HCP enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ELISA biologics safety testing kits have experienced a possible instability drift and decrease in accuracy. Although we have taken steps to improve our quality review, product documentation and reference testing procedures, we cannot guarantee that we will not experience quality assurance issues with our products in the future. Any such failure could, among other things, lead to increased costs, delayed or lost revenue, delayed market acceptance, damaged reputation, diversion of development resources, legal claims, reimbursement to customers for lost drug product, starting materials and active pharmaceutical ingredients, other customer claims, damage to and possibly termination of existing customer relationships, increased insurance costs, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Such defects or errors could also narrow the scope of the use of our products, which could hinder our success in the market. 
 Even after any underlying concerns or problems are resolved, any lingering concerns in our target markets regarding our technology or any manufacturing defects or performance errors in our products or services could continue to result in lost revenue, delayed market acceptance, damage to our reputation and claims against us. 
 In addition, we may be unable to maintain the quality, reliability, robustness and expected turnaround times of our products and services to continue to satisfy customer demand as we grow. To effectively manage our growth, we must continue to improve our operational, manufacturing and quality control systems and processes and other aspects of our business and continue to effectively expand, train and manage our personnel. The time and resources required to improve our existing systems and procedures, implement new systems and procedures and to adequately staff such existing and new systems and procedures is uncertain, and failure to complete this in a timely and efficient manner could adversely affect our operations and negatively impact our business and financial results. We may need to purchase additional equipment, some of which can take several months or more to procure, set up and validate, establish new production processes and increase our personnel levels to meet increased demand. There can be no assurance that any of these increases in scale, personnel expansion or equipment or process enhancements will be successfully implemented, or that we will have adequate space, including in our laboratory and production facilities, to accommodate such required expansion. Failure to manage this growth or transition could result in delays in turnaround times, higher product costs, declining product quality, deteriorating customer service and slower responses to competitive challenges. A failure in any one of these areas could make it difficult for us to meet market expectations for our products and services and could damage our reputation and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Our products are highly complex and are subject to quality control requirements. 
 Whether a product is produced by us or purchased from outside suppliers, it is subject to quality control procedures, including the verification of stability and performance and, for certain products, additional validation required by certain GMP that we voluntarily follow, European Conformity CE marking and ISO 9001:2015 compliance, prior to final packaging. Certain of our products are manufactured following the voluntary GMP quality standards of the International Council for Harmonisation s GMP Guide, comparable GMP principles for the European Union and customer-specific requirements. We believe these products are exempt from compliance with the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and the current GMP cGMP regulations of the Food and Drug Administration FDA ), as our products are further processed and incorporated into final drug products by our customers and we do not make claims related to their safety or effectiveness. In the event we, or our suppliers, produce products that fail to comply with required quality standards, we may incur delays in fulfilling orders, write-downs, damages resulting from product liability claims and harm to our reputation. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. These fluctuations may be driven by a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 
 demand from our largest customers for COVID-19-related products and services (which currently comprise a significant percentage of our revenue and orders) may not meet our expectations regarding volume and price in any given time period; 
 the level of demand for our other (non-COVID-19-relate) products and services, which may vary significantly; 
 our ability to increase penetration in our existing markets and expand into new markets; 
 our customers accelerating, canceling, reducing or delaying orders as a result of developments related to their pre-clinical studies and clinical trials; 
 the relative reliability and robustness of our products and services; 
 changes in governmental regulations or the regulatory posture toward our business; 
 the volume and mix of the products and services we sell; 
 changes in the production or sales costs related to our products and services; 
 the ongoing success of our newer products, such as our CleanCap and mRNA products; 
 the rate of introduction of other new products or product enhancements by us or others in our industry; 
 the timing and amount of expenditures that we may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional products, services and technologies or for other purposes, such as the expansion of our facilities; 
 changes in governmental and academic funding of life sciences research and developments or changes that impact budgets, budget cycles or seasonal spending patterns of our customers; 
 future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; 
 difficulties encountered by our commercial carriers in delivering our products, whether as a result of external factors such as weather or negative macroeconomic conditions or internal issues such as labor disputes; 
 general market conditions and other factors outside of our control, such as natural disasters, geopolitical unrest, war, terrorism, public health issues (including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic) or other catastrophic events; and 
 the other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 The impact of any one of the factors discussed above, or the cumulative effects of a combination of such factors, could result in significant fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparisons of our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 As a result of variability and unpredictability, we may also fail to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall short of the expectations of analysts or investors or any guidance we may provide, or if the guidance we provide falls short of the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met or exceeded any previously publicly stated guidance we may have provided. 
 If we are unable to manufacture in specific quantities, our operating results will be harmed. 
 Our revenue and other operating results depend in large part on our ability to manufacture and ship our products in sufficient quantities. Any interruptions we experience in the manufacturing or shipping of our products could delay our ability to recognize revenue in a particular quarter. Manufacturing problems can and do arise, and as demand for our products increases, any such problems could have an increasingly significant impact on our operating results. While we have not generally experienced problems with, or delays in, our production capabilities that resulted in delays in our ability to ship finished products, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter such problems in the future. We may not be able to quickly ship products and recognize anticipated revenue for a given period if we experience significant delays in the manufacturing process. In addition, we must maintain sufficient production capacity in order to meet anticipated customer demand, and we may be unable to offset the associated fixed costs if orders slow, which would adversely affect our operating margins. If we are unable 
 27 

Table of Contents 

to manufacture and ship our products consistently, in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis, our revenue, cash flow, gross margins and our other results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 
 A pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, has affected, and may continue to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic led to the implementation of various responses, including government imposed shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, travel restrictions and other public health safety measures, as well as reported adverse impacts on healthcare resources, facilities and providers across the United States and in other countries. In response to the spread of COVID-19, we restricted access to our facilities mostly to personnel and third parties required to perform critical activities that must be completed on-site, limited the number of such personnel that can be present at our facilities at any one time, and requested that many of our personnel work remotely. In the event that government authorities are willing to reimplement restrictions in response to a new variant of concern or increased infection rates, our employees conducting research and development or manufacturing activities may not be able to access our laboratory or manufacturing facilities and our core activities may be significantly limited or curtailed, possibly for an extended period of time. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or similar pandemics and outbreaks that may occur in the future, we have experienced and may in the future experience severe disruptions, including: 
 interruption of or delays in receiving products and supplies from the third parties we rely on to, among other things, manufacture components to our products, due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions in delivery systems, which may impair our ability to manufacture and sell our products and services; 
 limitations on our business operations by the local, state or federal government that could impact our ability to manufacture, sell or deliver our products and services; 
 on-site visit limitations and prohibitions imposed by customers that could impact our ability to engage in pre-sales activities, and to provide post-sale activities, such as training, service and support; 
 delays in customers purchasing decisions and negotiations with customers and potential customers; 
 business disruptions caused by workplace, laboratory and office closures and an increased reliance on employees working from home, travel limitations, cyber security and data accessibility limits, or communication or mass transit disruptions; 
 limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our activities, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; 
 reductions in productivity of our customers in certain countries or regions due to government-mandated shutdowns and quarantines, such as China s Zero Covid Policy; and 
 increased competition as quarantines and shelter-in-place orders are lifted by governments in regions where our competitors, particularly international competitors, are located. 
 Any of these factors could severely impact our research and development activities, manufacturing business operations and sales or delay necessary interactions with local regulators, third-party vendors and other important contractors and customers. 
 The extent to which the current or any future pandemic may negatively impact our consolidated operations and results of operations or those of our third-party manufacturers, suppliers, partners or customers continues depend on future developments. The factors that could cause such adverse impact include: the severity and duration of the pandemic; the emergence of new virus variants; lack of demand for vaccines; the U.S. economy and global economy, including impacts resulting from supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures; and the timing, scope and effectiveness of U.S. and international governmental, regulatory, fiscal, monetary and public health responses to such pandemic and associated economic disruptions. 
 Ongoing geopolitical instability has resulted in economic disruption and uncertainty, which may negatively impact our business, operations, and financial condition. 
 Russia s military invasion of Ukraine in late February 2022 further exacerbated ongoing inflationary pressures, supply chain issues, and volatility in credit and capital markets, and caused other market disruptions. Additionally, the United States, the European Union and other countries have levied sanctions against Russia and certain other countries, regions, and individuals as a result of Russia s military actions in Ukraine, and Russian has imposed its own sanctions and threatened further retaliatory actions. The aforementioned factors have caused damage and disruption to international commerce and the global economy, and a protracted conflict between Russian and Ukraine, any escalation of said conflict (including the spread of the conflict to 
 28 

Table of Contents 

other countries in Europe), or additional geopolitical turmoil (such as a further degradation of China-Taiwan relations or trade relations between China and the United States), could worsen economic and financial markets and international relations. 
 Such geopolitical instability could create supply disruptions and logistics restrictions that increase our costs, have a detrimental effect on our ability to manufacture, sell and ship our products, and impede our ability to collect payments and support customers in certain regions. Furthermore, the global economy and financial and capital markets could also be further adversely affected, resulting in instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, which could also negatively impact the value of our stock or our ability to obtain equity or debt funding. 
 In addition, there are other challenges, difficulties, and risks with respect to the way we conduct our business and operations, generally, that we may experience as a result of continued or increased geopolitical turmoil. For example, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine military conflict may create an increased risk of cybersecurity attacks, including by or at the direction of the Russian government, in response to financial and economic sanctions and import and/or export controls imposed on Russia by the United States and others. While at this time, to the best of our knowledge, we do not believe we have experienced any such cyberattacks, we may not be able to address any such cybersecurity threats proactively or implement adequate preventative measures, and prompt detection and remediation of any such disruption or security breach may be difficult, if not impossible. 
 The foregoing factors could negatively affect our business, operations and financial condition, though we are unable to predict the extent or nature of any such impacts at this time. Any such disruptions may also increase the impact of other risks described herein, both with respect to their severity and frequency. 
 Natural disasters, geopolitical unrest, war, terrorism, public health issues or other catastrophic events could disrupt the supply, delivery or demand of products and services, as well as our sites, which could negatively affect our operations and performance. 
 We are subject to the risk of disruption by earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and other natural disasters, fire, power shortages, geopolitical unrest, war, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, public health issues, epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other events beyond our control and the control of the third parties on which we depend. Any of these catastrophic events, whether in the United States or abroad, may have a significant negative impact on the global economy, our employees, facilities, partners, suppliers, distributors or customers, and could decrease demand for our products and services, create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain and make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver products and services to our customers. 
 We rely upon our internal manufacturing, packaging and distribution operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products pending sale. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as labor disputes or social unrest, power interruptions, fire, hurricanes, a pandemic (including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic), earthquakes or other events beyond our control, could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. 
 In addition, a catastrophic event that results in damage to specific equipment that would be difficult to replace, the destruction or disruption of our research and production facilities or our critical business or information technology systems would severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our operating results would be adversely affected. 
 Strategic transactions or acquisitions may require us to seek additional financing, which we may not be able to secure on favorable terms, if at all. 
 We plan to continue a strategy of growth and development for our business. To this end, we actively evaluate various strategic transactions on an ongoing basis, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, technologies or businesses that would complement our existing portfolio of products and services. In order to complete such strategic transactions, we may need to seek additional financing to fund these investments and acquisitions. Should we need to do so, we may not be able to secure such financing, or obtain such financing on favorable terms, for reasons including rising interest rates and continued volatility and uncertainty in the U.S. and global capital and credit markets. Our credit agreement also contains a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant restrictions on our ability to make acquisitions or certain other investments, as well as to incur additional indebtedness to finance such acquisitions or other investments. In addition, future acquisitions may require the issuance or sale of additional equity, or equity-linked securities, which may result in additional dilution to our shareholders. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to continue to hire and retain skilled personnel, we will have trouble developing and marketing our products and services. 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued service of our management and scientific staff and our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled technical, scientific, management and marketing personnel, who deliver high-quality and timely services to our customers and keep pace with cutting-edge technologies and developments in biologics. We face significant competition in the hiring and retention of such personnel from other companies, other providers of outsourced biologics services, research and academic institutions, government and other organizations who have superior funding and resources and who may use these resources to pursue personnel more aggressively than we are. Additionally, certain highly skilled personnel that we seek to employ may be subject to non-competition or other restrictive covenants restricting their ability to work for us or within certain aspects of our business for a period of time. Although some jurisdictions (including the State of California) prohibit non-competition agreements as a matter of law, and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission has issued a notice of proposed rulemaking that would prohibit employers in the U.S. from using non-compete agreements, if we hire certain employees from competitors or other companies, those former employers may attempt to assert that these employees and/or we have breached certain legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. 
 We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. In recent years, recruiting, hiring and retaining employees with expertise in our industry and in the geographies where we operate has become increasingly difficult as the demand for skilled professionals has increased and as a result of labor shortages believed to have resulted from actions taken during the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, but which are expected to continue beyond the near-term. The loss of key personnel or our inability to hire and retain skilled personnel could materially adversely affect the development of our products and services and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 Our commercial success depends on the market acceptance of our life science reagents. Our reagents may not achieve or maintain significant commercial market acceptance. 
 Our commercial success is dependent upon our ability to continue to successfully market and sell our life science reagents. Our ability to achieve and maintain commercial market acceptance of our products and services and provide customers access to our life science reagents will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 our ability to increase awareness of the capabilities of our technology and solutions; 
 our customers willingness to adopt new products, services and technologies; 
 whether our products and services reliably provide advantages over legacy and other alternative technologies and are perceived by customers to be cost effective; 
 our ability to execute on our strategy to scale-up our CleanCap technology to meet increasing demand and provide channels to access our CleanCap technology and life science reagents; 
 the rate of adoption of our products and services by biopharmaceutical companies, academic institutions and others; 
 the relative reliability and robustness of our products and services as a whole and the components of our life science offerings, including, for example, CleanCap and our assays for detecting host cell proteins; 
 our ability to develop new tools and solutions for customers; 
 whether competitors develop and commercialize products and services that provide comparable features and benefits at scale; 
 the impact of our investments in product innovation and commercial growth; 
 negative publicity regarding our or our competitors products resulting from defects or errors; and 
 our ability to further validate our technology through research and accompanying publications. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be successful in addressing these criteria or other criteria that might affect the market acceptance of our products and services. If we are unsuccessful in achieving and maintaining market acceptance of our products and services, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 The market may not be receptive to our new products and services upon their introduction. 
 We expect a portion of our future revenue growth to come from introducing new products, including plasmid DNA and GMP-grade mRNA. The commercial success of all of our products and services will depend upon their acceptance by the life science and biopharmaceutical industries. Some of the products and services that we are developing are based upon new technologies or 
 30 

Table of Contents 

approaches. As a result, there can be no assurance that these new products and services, even if successfully developed and introduced, will be accepted by customers. If customers do not adopt our new products, services and technologies, our results of operations may suffer and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock may decline. 
 It may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for revenue growth in light of competitive challenges. 
 We face significant competition across many of our product lines. In addition, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on us. Moreover, customers may believe that larger companies are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. Failure to anticipate and respond to competitors actions may impact our future revenue and profitability. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Addressable market estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. These estimates and forecasts are based on a number of complex assumptions and third-party estimates and other business data, including assumptions and estimates relating to our ability to generate revenue from existing products and services and the development of new products and services. Our estimates and forecasts relating to the size and expected growth of our markets may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the markets in which we compete meet our size estimates and growth forecasts, our business could fail to grow at the rate we anticipate, if at all. 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities, limit sales of our existing products and limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 
 Our business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims that are inherent in the development, production, distribution, and sale of biotechnology products. We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the use of certain of our products in our customers human clinical trials and product liability lawsuits may allege that our products or services identified inaccurate or incomplete information or otherwise failed to perform as designed. We may also be subject to liability for errors in, a misunderstanding of or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide in the ordinary course of our business activities. If any of our products harm people due to our negligence, willful misconduct, unlawful activities or material breach, or if we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our products caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in the following, any of which could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects: 
 decreased demand for our products and any products that we may develop; 
 injury to our reputation; 
 costs to defend the related litigation; 
 loss of revenue; and 
 the inability to commercialize products that we may develop. 
 We maintain product liability insurance, but this insurance is subject to deductibles, limits and exclusions and may not fully protect us from the financial impact of defending against product liability claims or the potential loss of revenue that may result. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our insurance rates or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. 
 We may be unable to efficiently manage growth as a larger and more geographically diverse organization. 
 Our strategic acquisitions, the continued expansion of our commercial sales operations and our organic growth have increased the scope and complexity of our business. As a result, we will face challenges inherent in efficiently managing a more complex business with an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs. Our inability to manage successfully the geographically more diverse and substantially larger combined organization could materially adversely affect our operating results. 
 Opportunistic acquisitions may pose risks and challenges that could adversely affect our business, and we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of acquisitions of businesses or technologies. 
 We have made in the past, and may make in the future, selected opportunistic acquisitions of complementary businesses, products, services or technologies. In January 2022, we acquired MyChem LLC, a provider of proprietary, ultra-pure 
 31 

Table of Contents 

nucleotides to customers in the diagnostics, pharma, genomics and research markets to complement our nucleic acid business and in January 2023, we completed the acquisition of Alphazyme, LLC, an original equipment manufacturer provider of custom molecular biology enzymes, servicing customers in the genetic analysis and nucleic acid synthesis markets to complement our nucleic acid production business. However, we may be unable to continue to identify or complete promising acquisitions for many reasons, including competition among buyers, the high valuations of businesses in our industry, the need for regulatory and other approvals and the availability of capital, particularly during a period of disruption and volatility within the global capital and credit markets. 
 Any acquisition involves numerous risks, uncertainties and operational, financial, and managerial challenges, including the following, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects: 
 difficulties in integrating new operations, systems, technologies, products, services and personnel of acquired businesses effectively and in a timely manner; 
 difficulties in implementing and maintaining controls, procedures and policies with respect to our financial accounting systems, including disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, at acquired businesses that, prior to the acquisition, had lacked such controls, procedures and policies; 
 lack of synergies or the inability to realize expected synergies and cost-savings, including enhanced revenue, technology, human resources, cost savings, operating efficiencies and other synergies; 
 difficulties in obtaining and verifying the financial statements and other business information of acquired businesses; 
 difficulties in managing geographically dispersed operations, including risks associated with entering new or foreign markets in which we have no or limited prior experience; 
 underperformance of any acquired technology, product, or business relative to our expectations and the price we paid; 
 negative near-term impacts on financial results after an acquisition, including acquisition-related earnings charges; 
 the potential loss of key employees, customers, contractual relationships, and strategic partners of acquired companies; 
 declining employee morale and retention issues affecting employees of businesses that we acquire, which may result from changes in compensation, or changes in management, reporting relationships, future prospects or the direction of the acquired business; 
 claims by terminated employees and shareholders of acquired companies or other third parties related to the transaction; 
 the assumption or incurrence of historical liabilities, obligations and expenses of the acquired business, including unforeseen and contingent or similar liabilities that are difficult to identify or accurately quantify, or other litigation-related liabilities and regulatory actions; 
 the assumption or incurrence of additional debt obligations or expenses, or use of substantial portions of our cash; 
 the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities to finance or as consideration for any acquisitions that dilute the ownership of our shareholders; 
 the issuance of equity securities to finance or as consideration for any acquisitions may not be an option if the price of our Class A common stock is low or volatile which could preclude us from completing any such acquisitions; 
 the assumption of certain collaboration, strategic alliance and licensing arrangement may require us to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or products, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us; 
 disruption of our ongoing operations, diversion of management s attention and company resources from existing operations of the business, and the dedication of significant efforts and expense across all operational areas, including sales and marketing, research and development, manufacturing, finance, legal and information technologies; 
 the impairment of intangible assets as a result of technological advancements, or worse-than-expected performance of acquired companies; 
 the need to later divest acquired assets at a loss if an acquisition does not meet our expectations; 
 risks associated with acquiring intellectual property, including potential disputes regarding acquired companies intellectual property; and 
 difficulties relating to operating with increased leverage and incurring additional interest expense as a result of financing acquisitions with additional indebtedness, which could make us more vulnerable to downturns. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

There can be no assurance we will identify promising acquisition opportunities. Even if we do, there can be no assurance that any of the acquisitions we have made, or that we may make, will be successful or will be, or will remain, profitable. Our failure to successfully address the foregoing risks may prevent us from achieving the anticipated benefits from any past or future acquisition in a reasonable time frame, or at all. 
 Our ability to use net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain built-in losses to reduce future tax payments is limited by provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, and it is possible that changes in laws or certain transactions or a combination of certain transactions may result in material additional limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. 
 Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, contain rules that limit the ability of a company that undergoes an ownership change, which is generally any change in ownership of more than 50 of its stock over a three-year period, to utilize its net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain built-in losses recognized in years after the ownership change. These rules generally operate by focusing on ownership changes involving stockholders owning directly or indirectly 5 or more of the stock of a company and any change in ownership arising from a new issuance of stock by the company. Generally, if an ownership change occurs, the yearly taxable income limitation on the use of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain built-in losses is equal to the product of the applicable long-term, tax-exempt rate and the value of the company s stock immediately before the ownership change. As a result, following any such ownership change, we might be unable to offset our taxable income with losses, or our tax liability with credits, before such losses and credits expire, in which event we could incur larger federal and state income tax liabilities than we would have had we not experienced an ownership change. In addition, under the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA ), tax losses generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be utilized to offset no more than 80 of taxable income annually. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act was signed into law and changed certain provisions of the TCJA. Under the CARES Act, NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021 may be carried back to each of the five taxable years preceding the tax year of such loss, but NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 may not be carried back. In addition, the CARES Act eliminates the limitation on the deduction of NOLs to 80 of current year taxable income for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2021, but the 80 limitation applies to tax years beginning after December 31, 2020. As such, we may not be able to realize a tax benefit from the use of our NOLs . 
 We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill and other amortizable intangible assets, or other investments become impaired. 
 We are required under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets and other assets acquired through merger and acquisition activity for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill, amortizable intangible assets and other assets acquired via acquisitions include significant adverse changes in the business climate and actual or projected operating results (affecting our company as a whole or affecting any particular segment) and declines in the financial condition of our business. We may be required in the future to record additional charges to earnings if our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets or other investments become impaired. Any such charge would adversely impact our consolidated financial results. 
 Changes in accounting principles and guidance could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects. 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to create and interpret appropriate accounting principles and guidance. A change in these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations, may have a material effect on our reported results, as well as our processes and related controls, and may retroactively affect previously reported results. 
 Our revenue recognition and other factors may impact our financial results in any given period and make them difficult to predict. 
 We recognize revenue when our performance obligations have been satisfied in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those performance obligations. Our revenue includes revenue from the sale of manufactured products, including products that can be purchased out of a catalog and custom manufactured products, and services, including custom antibody and assay development contracts, antibody affinity extraction and stability and feasibility studies, as well as certain licensing and royalty arrangements. The majority of our contracts include only one performance obligation, namely the delivery of products, both custom and catalog, and services. We also recognize revenue from other contracts that may include a combination of products and services, the provision of solely services, or from license fee arrangements which may be associated with the delivery of product. Our application of the revenue recognition accounting 
 33 

Table of Contents 

guidance with respect to the nature of future contractual arrangements could impact the forecasting of our revenue for future periods, as both the mix of products and services we will sell in a given period, as well as the size of contracts, is difficult to predict. 
 Furthermore, the presentation of our financial results requires us to make estimates and assumptions that may affect revenue recognition. In some instances, we could reasonably use different estimates and assumptions, and changes in estimates may occur from period to period. See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates Revenue Recognition. 
 Given the foregoing factors, comparing our revenue and operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. 
 Fluctuations in our effective tax rate may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are subject to a variety of tax liabilities, including federal, state, foreign and other taxes such as income, sales/use, payroll, withholding, and ad valorem taxes. Changes in tax laws or their interpretations could decrease our net income, the value of any tax loss carryforwards, the value of tax credits recorded on our balance sheet and our cash flows, and accordingly could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. In addition, our tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the relevant taxing authority, which could increase our tax liabilities. 
 Our business is subject to a number of environmental risks. 
 Our manufacturing business involves the controlled use of hazardous materials and chemicals and is therefore subject to numerous environmental and safety laws and regulations and to periodic inspections for possible violations of these laws and regulations. The costs of compliance with environmental and safety laws and regulations are significant. Any violations, even if inadvertent or accidental, of current or future environmental and safety laws or regulations and the cost of compliance with any resulting order or fine could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We depend on a limited number of customers for a high percentage of our revenue. If we cannot maintain our current relationships with customers, fail to sustain recurring sources of revenue with our existing customers, or if we fail to enter into new relationships, our future operating results will be adversely affected. 
 Revenue from our largest customers were 63.7 , 68.1 and 34.3 of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The revenue attributable to our top customers has fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. In addition, the termination of these relationships, including following any failure to renew a long-term contract, could result in a temporary or permanent loss of revenue. See also The extent and duration of our revenue associated with COVID-19 related products and services are uncertain and are dependent, in important respects, on factors outside our control. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to maintain these relationships, to increase our penetration among these existing customers and to establish new relationships. We engage in conversations with other companies and institutions regarding potential commercial opportunities on an ongoing basis, which can be time consuming. There is no assurance that any of these conversations will result in a commercial agreement, or if an agreement is reached, that the resulting relationship will be successful. Speculation in the industry about our existing or potential commercial relationships can be a catalyst for adverse speculation about us, our products, our services and our technology, which can adversely affect our reputation and our business. In addition, if our customers order our products or services, but fail to pay on time or at all, our liquidity, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We cannot assure investors that we will be able to further penetrate our existing markets or that our products or services will gain adequate market acceptance. Any failure to increase penetration in our existing markets would adversely affect our ability to improve our operating results. 
 We may enter into additional distribution arrangements and marketing alliances for certain products and services and any failure to successfully identify and implement these arrangements on favorable terms, if at all, may impair our ability to effectively distribute and market our products. 
 We may pursue additional arrangements regarding the sales and marketing and distribution of one or more of our products and services and our future revenue may depend, in part, on our ability to enter into and maintain arrangements with other companies having sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and the ability of such companies to successfully market and 
 34 

Table of Contents 

sell any such products and services. Any failure to enter into such arrangements and marketing alliances on favorable terms, if at all, could delay or impair our ability to distribute or market our products and services and could increase our costs of distribution and marketing. Any use of distribution arrangements and marketing alliances to commercialize our products and services will subject us to a number of risks, including the following: 
 we may be required to relinquish important rights to our products; 
 we may not be able to control the amount and timing of resources that our distributors or collaborators may devote to the distribution or marketing of our products; 
 our distributors or collaborators may experience financial difficulties; and 
 business combinations or significant changes in a collaborator s business strategy may adversely affect a collaborator s willingness or ability to complete its obligations under any arrangement. 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, sole suppliers, for some of our raw materials and may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers. 
 Certain of our raw materials are sourced from a limited number of suppliers and some materials, including a proprietary DNA reagent, certain packaging materials, specific cell lines for Cygnus Technologies operations and certain raw materials used in our nucleic acid production products, as well as those raw materials sold under the Glen Research brand, are sole sourced. Delays or difficulties in securing these raw materials or other laboratory materials could result in an interruption in our production operations if we cannot obtain an acceptable substitute. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, global supply chains have faced challenges, including material availability, global logistics delays and constraints arising from, among other things, the transportation capacity of ocean shipping containers, and these challenges have been exacerbated by the ongoing macroeconomic conditions as discussed above. Any interruption of our supply chain could significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. While we may identify other suppliers, raw materials furnished by such replacement suppliers may require us to alter our production operations or perform extensive validations, which may be time consuming and expensive. There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure alternative materials and revalidate them without experiencing interruptions in our workflow. If we should encounter delays or difficulties in obtaining raw materials, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 We depend on a stable and adequate supply of quality raw materials from our suppliers, and price increases or interruptions of such supply could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 Our operations depend upon our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices. Cost and wage inflation, ongoing supply disruptions and logistics capacity constraints have increased, or may increase, our costs to manufacture and distribute our products and services. If we are unable to obtain the materials we need at a reasonable price due to inflationary pressures or other factors, we may not be able to produce certain of our products at marketable prices or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Although we believe that we have stable relationships with our existing suppliers, we cannot assure you that we will be able to secure a stable supply of raw materials going forward. Our suppliers may not be able to keep up with our pace of growth or may reduce or cease their supply of raw materials to us at any time. In addition, we cannot assure you that our suppliers have obtained and will be able to obtain or maintain all licenses, permits and approvals necessary for their operations or comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and failure to do so by them may lead to interruption in their business operations, which in turn may result in shortages of raw materials supplied to us. Some of our suppliers are based overseas and therefore may need to maintain export or import licenses. If the supply of raw materials is interrupted, due to ongoing supply chain disruptions or other factors, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Because we rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services, a significant disruption in these services, damages or losses sustained during shipping or significant increases in prices could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 We ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through independent package delivery companies, such as World Courier, FedEx, UPS and DHL. If one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience a major work stoppage, preventing our products from being delivered in a timely fashion or causing us to incur additional shipping costs we could not pass on to our customers, our costs could increase and our relationships with certain of our customers could be adversely affected. In addition, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to increase prices, and we were not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments in our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience performance problems 
 35 

Table of Contents 

or other difficulties, it could negatively impact our operating results and our customers experience. In the past, some of our products have sustained serious damage in transit such that they were no longer usable. Although we have taken steps to improve our packaging and shipping containers, there is no guarantee our products will not become damaged or lost in transit in the future. If our products are damaged or lost in transit, it may result in a substantial delay in the fulfillment of our customer s order and, depending on the type and extent of the damage, it may result in a substantial financial loss. If our products are not delivered in a timely fashion or are damaged or lost during the delivery process, our customers could become dissatisfied and cease using our products or our services, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 Our products could become subject to more onerous regulation by the FDA or other regulatory agencies in the future, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent commercialization of our products, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 We make certain of our products available to customers as research-use-only RUO products. RUO products are regulated by the FDA as medical devices, and include in vitro diagnostic products in the laboratory research phase of development that are being shipped or delivered for an investigation that is not subject to the FDA s investigational device exemption requirements. Although medical devices are subject to stringent FDA oversight, products that are intended for RUO and are labeled as RUO are exempt from compliance with most FDA requirements, including premarket clearance or approval, manufacturing requirements, and others. A product labeled RUO but which is actually intended for clinical diagnostic use may be viewed by the FDA as adulterated and misbranded under the FDCA, and subject to FDA enforcement action. The FDA has indicated that when determining the intended use of a product labeled RUO, the FDA will consider the totality of the circumstances surrounding distribution and use of the product, including how the product is marketed and to whom. The FDA could disagree with our assessment that our products are properly marketed as RUO, or could conclude that products labeled as RUO are actually intended for clinical diagnostic use, and could take enforcement action against us, including requiring us to stop distribution of our products until we are in compliance with applicable regulations, which would reduce our revenue, increase our costs and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In the event that the FDA requires us to obtain marketing authorization of our RUO products in the future, there can be no assurance that the FDA will grant any clearance or approval requested by us in a timely manner, or at all. 
 Our raw material products are manufactured following the voluntary quality standards of ISO 9001:2015. Our GMP-grade raw material products follow ISO 9001:2015 standards, additional voluntary GMP quality standards and customer specific requirements. We believe these raw material products, including our GMP-grade raw material products, are exempt from compliance with the FDCA and the cGMP regulations of the FDA, as our products are further processed by our customers and we do not make claims related to their safety or effectiveness. We provide API products to customers for use in preclinical studies through and including clinical trials. Our API products are manufactured following the principles detailed in the International Council for Harmonisation (ICH) Q7, Good Manufacturing Practice Guide for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (Section 19, APIs For Use in Clinical Trials) in order to comply with the applicable requirements of the FDCA, and the comparable GMP principles for Europe; European Community, Part II, Basic Requirements for Active Substances Used as Starting Materials (Section 19, APIs For Use in Clinical Trials). Manufacture of APIs for use in clinical trials is regulated under 501(a)(2)(B) of the FDCA, but is not subject to the current GMP regulations in 21 CFR 211 by operation of 21 CFR 210. Our API products are provided to customers under customer contracts that outline quality standards and product specifications. As products advance through the clinical phases, requirements become more stringent and we work with customers to define and agree on requirements and risks associated with their product. 
 The FDA could disagree with our assessment that our products are exempt from current GMP regulations. In addition, the FDA could conclude that the raw material and API products we provide to our customers are actually subject to the pharmaceutical or drug quality-related regulations for manufacturing, processing, packing or holding of drugs or finished pharmaceuticals, and could take enforcement action against us, including requiring us to stop distribution of our products until we are in compliance with applicable regulations, which would reduce our revenue, increase our costs and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In the event that the FDA requires us to comply with FDA regulations, for our raw material and API products in the future, including the FDA s current GMP regulations, there can be no assurance that the FDA will find our operations are in compliance in a timely manner, or at all. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to stringent privacy laws, information security laws, regulations, policies and contractual obligations related to data privacy and security and changes in such laws, regulations, policies and contractual obligations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 We are subject to data privacy and protection laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage and use of proprietary information and personally identifiable information PII ), which among other things, imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of certain individually identifiable information. 
 Numerous other federal and state laws, including state security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use, disclosure and security of personal information. These laws continue to change and evolve and are increasing in breadth and impact. Failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Additionally, if we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of personal information, we could be found to have breached our contracts. 
 Many states in which we operate have laws that protect the privacy and security of personal information. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which increases privacy rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies that process their personal information, came into effect on January 1, 2020. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and provide such consumers new data protection and privacy rights, including the ability to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), which took effect on January 1, 2023 (with certain provisions having retroactive effect to January 1, 2022), amended the CCPA. Amongst other things, the CPRA and eliminated the employee exemption under the CCPA, makes a distinction between personal information and sensitive personal information, imposing heightened protections for sensitive personal information, and brings business-to-business transactions under its purview. These laws and others like it are yet to be tested and may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny, litigation, and overall risk. Further, there is discussion in Congress of a new federal data protection and privacy law to which we would become subject, if it is enacted. 
 Various foreign countries in which we operate also have, or are developing, laws that govern the collection, use, disclosure, security and cross-border transmission of personal information. For example, in the European Union (the EU and the United Kingdom, the collection and use of personal data is governed by the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), in addition to other applicable laws and regulations. The GDPR came into effect in May 2018,and has resulted in, and will continue to result in, significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for companies like us. Any data security breach could require notifications to the data subject and/or owners under U.S. federal, U.S. state, and/or international data breach notification laws and regulations. Other jurisdictions outside the EU are similarly introducing or enhancing privacy and data security laws, rules and regulations, which could increase our compliance costs and the risks associated with noncompliance. We cannot guarantee that we are, or will be, in compliance with all applicable international regulations as they are enforced now or as they evolve. 
 It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices and our efforts to comply with the evolving data protection rules may be unsuccessful. We must devote significant resources to understanding and complying with this changing landscape. Failure to comply with federal, state and international laws regarding privacy and security of personal information could expose us to penalties under such laws, orders requiring that we change our practices, claims for damages or other liabilities, regulatory investigations and enforcement action, litigation and significant costs for remediation, any of which could adversely affect our business. Even if we are not determined to have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 We are subject to export and import control laws and regulations that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate such laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to U.S. export controls and sanctions regulations that restrict the shipment or provision of certain products and services to certain countries, governments and persons. While we take precautions to prevent our products and services from being exported in violation of these laws, we cannot guarantee that the precautions we take will prevent violations of export control and sanctions laws. If we are found to be in violation of U.S. sanctions or export control laws, it could result in substantial fines and penalties for us and for the individuals working for us. We may also be adversely affected through other penalties, reputational harm, loss of access to certain markets, or otherwise. Complying with export control and sanctions 
 37 

Table of Contents 

regulations may be time consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities or impose other costs. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in our decreased ability to export or sell certain products and services to existing or potential customers in affected jurisdictions. 
 Changes in political, economic or governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products and services or increase our expenses. 
 We compete in many markets in which we and our customers must comply with federal, state, local and international regulations, such as environmental, health and safety and food and drug regulations. We develop, configure and market our products and services to meet customer needs created by those regulations. The U.S. and international healthcare industry is subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences that could significantly affect the drug development process, research and development costs and the pricing and reimbursement for pharmaceutical products, and also may increase the likelihood of legislative or regulatory changes that could impact us or our business operations. Any significant change in regulations could have an adverse effect on both our customers business and our business, which could result in reduced demand for our products and services or increases in our expenses. For example, we provide products and services used for basic research, raw materials used by biopharmaceutical customers for further processing, and active pharmaceutical ingredients used for preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 Changes in the FDA s regulation of the drug discovery and development process may have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to conduct and fund clinical trials, which could have a material adverse effect on the demand for the products and services we provide these customers. Additionally, the U.S. government and governments worldwide have increased efforts to expand healthcare coverage while at the same time curtailing and better controlling the increasing costs of healthcare. If cost-containment efforts limit our customers profitability, they may decrease research and development spending, which could decrease the demand for our products and services and materially adversely affect our growth prospects. Any of these factors could harm our customers businesses, which, in turn, could materially adversely hurt our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 We are subject to financial, operating, legal and compliance risk associated with global operations. 
 We engage in business globally, with approximately 62 , 60 and 47 of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, coming from outside the U.S. In addition, one of our strategies is to expand geographically, both through distribution and through direct sales. This subjects us to a number of risks, including international economic, political, and labor conditions; currency fluctuations; tax laws (including U.S. taxes on income earned by foreign subsidiaries); increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements; failure of laws to protect intellectual property rights adequately; inadequate local infrastructure and difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology; tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and restrictions; transportation delays; operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices; and other factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural disasters, climate change and diseases. 
 The application of laws and regulations implicating global transactions is often unclear and may at times conflict. Compliance with these laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in our business practices that result in reduced revenue and profitability. Non-compliance could also result in fines, damages, criminal sanctions, prohibited business conduct, and damage to our reputation. We incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our global operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations, which may be substantially different from those in the U.S. 
 We may expand our operations in countries with developing economies, where it may be common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations that apply to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the U.S. Travel Act, and the UK Bribery Act 2010, which prohibit improper payments or offers of payment to foreign governments and political parties by us for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors, distributors and agents, including those based in foreign countries where practices which violate such U.S. laws may be customary, will comply with our internal policies. Any such non-compliance, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could have an adverse effect on our business and result in significant fines or penalties. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Our activities are and will continue to be subject to extensive government regulation, which is expensive and time consuming. 
 We are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign and transnational laws and regulations, and, in the future, any changes to such laws and regulations could adversely affect us. 
 We provide products and services used for basic research, raw materials and life science reagents used by biopharmaceutical customers for further processing, assays for biologics safety testing and active pharmaceutical ingredients used for preclinical studies and clinical trials. The quality of our products and services is critical to researchers looking to develop novel vaccines and therapies and for biopharmaceutical customers who use our products as raw materials or who are engaged in preclinical studies and clinical trials. Biopharmaceutical customers are subject to extensive regulations by the FDA and similar regulatory authorities in other countries for conducting clinical trials and commercializing products for therapeutic or diagnostic use. This regulatory scrutiny results in our customers imposing rigorous quality requirements on us as their supplier through supplier qualification processes and customer contracts. 
 Additionally, regulatory authorities and our customers may conduct scheduled or unscheduled periodic inspections of our facilities to monitor our regulatory compliance or compliance with our quality agreements with our customers. There are significant risks at each stage of the regulatory scheme for our customers. 
 Regulatory agencies may in the future take action against us or our customers for failure to comply with applicable regulations governing clinical trials and the development and testing of therapeutic products. Failure by us or by our customers to comply with the requirements of these regulatory authorities, including without limitation, remediating any inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities, could result in warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil or criminal sanctions, or withdrawal of existing or denial of pending approvals, including those relating to products or facilities. In addition, such a failure could expose us to contractual or product liability claims, contractual claims from our customers, including claims for reimbursement for lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, as well as ongoing remediation and increased compliance costs, any or all of which could be significant. 
 We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the importation and exportation of products, the handling, transportation and manufacture of substances that could be classified as hazardous, and our business practices in the U.S. and abroad such as anti-corruption and anti-competition laws. Any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could result in criminal, civil and administrative penalties and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, lenders, customers, government regulators and other market participants with respect to our Environmental, Social and Governance ESG policies and activities may impose additional costs on us or expose us to additional risks. 
 Companies across all industries and around the globe are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their ESG policies, initiatives and activities by investors, lenders, customers, government regulators and other market participants. In particular, these constituencies are increasingly focusing on environmental stewardship, including climate change, water use, deforestation, waste, and other sustainability concerns, as well as diversity and inclusion, workplace conduct, support for local communities, and other human capital and social issues. 
 There is no guarantee that any ESG or sustainability goals set forth in our ESG initiatives will be achieved on the desired timeframe or at all, and the achievement of any such goals may require the incurrence of additional costs or the implementation of operational changes, any of which could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 
 Additionally, changes in legal and regulatory requirements related to ESG have been issued in the E.U., its Member States and other countries, particularly with respect to climate change, emission reduction and environmental stewardship in the U.S., amongst other regulatory efforts, the SEC has proposed rules to enhance and standardize climate-related disclosures in public company filings. We expect legal, regulatory and reporting requirements related to ESG matters to continue to expand globally and increase our costs of compliance. 
 If we are unable to meet our ESG initiatives or evolving investor, industry, or customer expectations and standards, or we are perceived to have not responded adequately on any number of ESG matters, we risk damage to our brand and reputation, adverse impacts to our ability to secure government contracts, decreased desirability of our common stock to investors, or limited access to capital markets and other sources of financing. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Technology 
 If we are unable to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection for our current or future products, or if the scope of our intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, our ability to commercialize our products successfully and to compete effectively may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our success depends on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our current and future proprietary products. We rely upon a combination of patents and trade secret protection to protect the intellectual property related to our technology, manufacturing processes, and products. Our commercial success depends in part on obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection of our current and future products, if any, and the methods used to manufacture them, as well as successfully defending such patents and trade secrets against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our products is dependent upon the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property that covers these activities. 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive and time consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner or in all jurisdictions where protection may be commercially advantageous. It is also possible that we may fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. In addition, we or our collaborators may only pursue, obtain or maintain patent protection in a limited number of countries. There is no assurance that all potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found. We may be unaware of prior art that could be used to invalidate or narrow the scope of an issued patent or prevent our pending patent applications from issuing as patents. Because patent applications in the United States, Europe and many other non-U.S. jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all, because publications of discoveries in scientific literature lag behind actual discoveries, and because we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in any of our owned or any in-licensed issued patents or pending patent applications, or that we or our licensors were the first to file for protection of the inventions set forth in our patents or patent applications. As a result, we may not be able to obtain or maintain protection for certain inventions. Even if patents do successfully issue, such patents may not adequately protect our intellectual property, provide exclusivity for our current or future products, prevent others from designing around our claims or otherwise provide us with a competitive advantage. We cannot offer any assurances about which, if any, patents will issue, the breadth of any such patents or whether any issued patents will be found invalid or unenforceable or will be threatened by third parties. In addition, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability, ownership, inventorship or scope of any of our patents. Any successful challenge to any of our patents could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of our current or future products and could impair or eliminate our ability to collect future revenue and royalties with respect to such products. If any of our patent applications with respect to our current or future products fail to result in issued patents, if their breadth or strength of protection is narrowed or threatened, or if they fail to provide meaningful exclusivity or competitive position, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us or otherwise adversely affect our competitive position. 
 The patent positions of life science companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in life science patents has emerged to date in the United States. The standards applied by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO and foreign patent offices in granting patents are not always applied uniformly or predictably and can change. Additionally, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property rights, particularly those relating to biotechnology, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of our patents or other intellectual property, including the unauthorized reproduction of our manufacturing or other know-how or the marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property rights generally. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 Further, the existence of issued patents does not guarantee our right to practice the patented technology or commercialize products covered by such a patent. Third parties may have or obtain rights to patents which they may use to prevent or attempt to prevent us from practicing our patented technology or commercializing our patented products. If any of these other parties are successful in obtaining valid and enforceable patents, and establishing our infringement of those patents, we could be prevented from selling our products unless we were able to obtain a license under such third-party patents, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, third parties may seek approval to market their own products similar to or otherwise competitive with our products. In these circumstances, we may need to defend or assert our patents, including by filing lawsuits alleging patent infringement. In any of these types of proceedings, a court or agency of competent jurisdiction may find our patents invalid or unenforceable. Our competitors and other third parties may also be able to 
 40 

Table of Contents 

circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative products in a non-infringing manner. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 In addition, competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained or are unable to adequately enforce patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States and Europe. These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing with us. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop, acquire or license. 
 Intellectual property that we own or in-license may be subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties. For example, one of our patents is co-owned with third parties and some of our patent rights in the future may be co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners interest in such patent rights, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of such patent rights in order to enforce such patent rights against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Moreover, the research resulting in certain of our patents and technology was funded in part by the U.S. government. As a result, the U.S. government has certain rights to such patent rights and technology, which include march-in rights. When new technologies are developed with government funding, in order to secure ownership of such patent rights, the recipient of such funding is required to comply with certain government regulations, including timely disclosing the inventions claimed in such patent rights to the U.S. government and timely electing title to such inventions. Additionally, the U.S. government generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a nonexclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention or to have others use the invention on its behalf. Accordingly, we or our licensors have granted the U.S. government a nonexclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license to practice or have practiced for or on behalf of the United States, the inventions described in the patents and patent applications relating to such inventions. If the U.S. government decides to exercise these rights, it is not required to engage us as its contractor in connection with doing so. The government s rights may also permit it to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use such government-funded technology. The government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, or because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the United States. If we fail to comply with those requirements, we could lose our ownership of or other rights to any patents subject to such regulations. Any exercise by the government of any of the foregoing rights or by any third party of its reserved rights could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Furthermore, patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the unextended expiration of a patent is 20 years after its non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, however, the life of a patent and the protection it affords is limited. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing, regulatory review and approval of new products, our patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. If we encounter delays in obtaining regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a product under patent protection could be further reduced. Even if patents covering our future products are obtained, once such patents expire, we may be vulnerable to competition from similar products. The launch of a similar version of one of our products would likely result in an immediate and substantial reduction in the demand for our product. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 If we are prevented from enforcing our intellectual property rights because of governmental regulatory policies or political pressure or action, our sales and profitability may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our ability to maintain and grow our product sales and profitability depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights. Proposed actions to waive intellectual property protections for COVID-19 vaccines and associated technology, such as those under discussion at the World Trade Organization, which are supported by the U.S. government, may impact our ability to fully assert our intellectual property rights related to our CleanCap product in 
 41 

Table of Contents 

connection with the production of COVID-19 vaccines. Further, these policy actions may complicate our analysis and decision-making with respect to both research and development and capital investment, given the potential for lower returns on those investments that could result from our inability to fully protect our intellectual property. If we are unable to successfully navigate these considerations, the future revenues and profitability of our business could be negatively impacted. We are unable to estimate the impact of these potential policies given that they remain undefined and their adoption is uncertain. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those of our customers, collaborators or other contractors, have been and may in the future be subject to cyber-attacks or security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product development programs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our customers are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses and unauthorized access. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. Cyber-attacks also could include phishing attempts or e-mail fraud to cause unauthorized payments or information to be transmitted to an unintended recipient. A material cyber-attack or security breach could cause interruptions in our operations and could result in a material disruption of our business operations, damage to our reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, personally identifiable information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary business information. Any cyber-attack or security breach that leads to unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal or proprietary information could harm our reputation, cause us not to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws and foreign law equivalents and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy and security of personal information. In addition, we could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company and our vendors, including personal information of our employees, and company and vendor confidential data. In addition, outside parties have previously attempted and may in the future attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce our personnel or the personnel of our vendors to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data and/or systems or make unauthorized payments to third parties. Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, data security incidents involving access to company data, unauthorized payments and threats to our data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing, business email compromise attacks, or other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. If a material breach of our information technology systems or those of our vendors occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and our reputation and credibility could be damaged. 
 We could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to respond to these threats or breaches and to repair or replace information systems or networks and could suffer financial loss or the loss of valuable confidential information. In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or claims made by individuals and groups in private litigation involving privacy issues related to data collection and use practices and other data privacy laws and regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices. Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from occurring, and we have a process to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems, controls and processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely and there can be no assurance that any measures we take will prevent cyber-attacks or security breaches that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be materially adversely affected. 
 We also may rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. To maintain the confidentiality of trade secrets and other proprietary information, we enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, collaborators, CDMOs, CROs and others upon the commencement of their relationships with us. These agreements require that all confidential information developed by the individual or entity or made known to the individual or entity by us during the course of the individual s or entity s relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. Our agreements with employees as well as our personnel policies also generally provide that any inventions conceived by the individual in the course of rendering services to us shall be our exclusive property or that we may obtain full rights to such inventions at our election. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although we 
 42 

Table of Contents 

use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors, collaborators, CDMOs, CROs and others may unintentionally or willfully disclose our information to competitors. We also face the risk that present or former employees could continue to hold rights to intellectual property used by us, demand the registration of intellectual property rights in their name, and seek payment of damages for our use of such intellectual property. 
 Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained or is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. We may not have adequate remedies in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the case of a breach of any such agreements and our trade secrets and other proprietary information could be disclosed to third parties, including our competitors. Many of our partners also collaborate with our competitors and other third parties. The disclosure of our trade secrets to our competitors, or more broadly, would impair our competitive position and may materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our rights, and failure to maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. The enforceability of confidentiality agreements may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop substantially equivalent or superior knowledge, methods and know-how, and the existence of our own trade secrets affords no protection against such independent discovery. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful and could result in a court or administrative body finding our patents to be invalid or unenforceable. 
 Even if the patent applications we own or license are issued, third parties may challenge or infringe upon our patents. To counter infringement, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including novelty, non-obviousness (or inventive step), written description or enablement. In addition, patent validity challenges may, under certain circumstances, be based upon non-statutory obviousness-type double patenting, which, if successful, could result in a finding that the claims are invalid for obviousness-type double patenting or the loss of patent term if a terminal disclaimer is filed to obviate a finding of obviousness-type double patenting. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld information material to patentability from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. 
 Third parties may raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation or cancellation of or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our current or future products or provide any competitive advantage. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. If a third party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we could lose part or all of the patent protection on one or more of our current or future products, which could result in our competitors and other third parties using our technology to compete with us. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 Interference proceedings, or other similar enforcement and revocation proceedings, provoked by third parties or brought by us may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Our defense of litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. 
 In an infringement proceeding, even one initiated by us, there is a risk that a court will decide that our patents are not valid and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the inventions they describe. There is also the risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will refuse to stop the other party on the ground that such other party s activities do not infringe our rights to these patents. 
 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. In addition, patent holding companies that focus solely on extracting royalties and settlements by enforcing patent rights may target us, especially as we gain greater visibility and market exposure as a public company. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against competitors, affect our ability to receive royalties or other licensing consideration from our licensees, and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making, using and selling similar or competitive products. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 If we are sued for infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and time consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our current or future products. 
 Our products may infringe on, or be accused of infringing on, one or more claims of an issued patent or may fall within the scope of one or more claims in a published patent application that may be subsequently issued and to which we do not hold a license or other rights. 
 Because patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all, and publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our issued patents or our pending applications, or that we were the first to invent the technology. Others, including our competitors, may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our patent applications or patents, which could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents by others covering such technologies. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the United States. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful if, unbeknownst to us, the other party had independently arrived at the same or similar invention prior to our own invention, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position with respect to such inventions. 
 Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our current or future products or the use of our current or future products. After issuance, the scope of patent claims remains subject to construction based on interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending application may be incorrect. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. These third parties could bring claims against us or our collaborators that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. 
 The life sciences industry has produced a proliferation of patents, and it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our products or methods of use either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent and/or that the patent claims are invalid or unenforceable, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity, in particular, is difficult since it requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Third parties have, and may in the future have, U.S. and non-U.S. issued patents and pending patent applications that may cover our current or future products. Such a third party may claim that we or our manufacturing or commercialization partners are using inventions covered by the third party s patent rights and may go to court or a tribunal to stop us from engaging in our normal operations and activities, including making or selling our current or future products. In the event that any of these patent rights were asserted against us, we believe that we have defenses against any such action, including that such patents would not be infringed by our current or future products and/or that such patents are not valid. However, if any such patent rights were to be asserted against us and our defenses to such assertion were unsuccessful, unless we obtain a license to such patents, we could be liable for damages, which could be significant and include treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to willfully infringe such patents, and we could be precluded from commercializing any future products that were ultimately held to infringe such patents, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 If we are found to infringe the patent rights of a third party, or in order to avoid potential claims, we or our collaborators may choose or be required to seek a license from a third party and be required to pay license fees or royalties or both. These licenses may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. In particular, any of our competitors that control intellectual property that we are found to infringe may be unwilling to provide us a license under any terms. Even if we or our collaborators were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we or our collaborators are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. Further, if a patent infringement suit is brought against us or 
 44 

Table of Contents 

our third-party service providers and if we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our current or future products, or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or commercial basis, and may delay or require us to abandon our development, manufacturing or sales activities relating to our current or future products. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our future products or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 Intellectual property litigation and other proceedings could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, intellectual property litigation or other legal proceedings relating to our, our licensors or other third parties intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. If not resolved in our favor, litigation may require us to pay any portion of our opponents legal fees. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing, or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to sustain the cost of such litigation and proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater resources. Uncertainties resulting from our participation in patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in certain jurisdictions in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, the perceived value of our current or future products or intellectual property could be diminished. Accordingly, the market price of our Class A common stock may decline. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under any license agreements, disagree over contract interpretation, or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose intellectual property rights that are necessary to our business. 
 We rely, in part, on intellectual property and technology which we have in-licensed. We may also need to obtain additional licenses in the future to advance our research or allow commercialization of our future products and it is possible that we may be unable to do so at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. Moreover, such licenses may not provide exclusive rights to use such intellectual property and technology in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our future products. 
 In addition, our existing license agreements impose, and any future license agreements we enter into may impose, various development, commercialization, funding, milestone, royalty, diligence, sublicensing, insurance, patent prosecution and enforcement or other obligations on us. Our license agreements, and any future license agreement we enter into, may also impose restrictions on our ability to license certain of our intellectual property to third parties or to develop or commercialize certain current or future products or technologies. In spite of our best efforts, our counterparties may conclude that we have breached our obligations under our agreements, or that we have used the intellectual property licensed to us in an unauthorized manner, in which case, we may be required to pay damages and the counterparty may have the right to terminate the agreement. Any of the foregoing could result in us being unable to develop, manufacture and sell products that are covered by the licensed intellectual property or technology, or enable a competitor to gain access to the licensed intellectual property or technology. 
 We might not have the necessary rights or the financial resources to develop, manufacture or market our current or future products without the rights granted under our license agreements, and the loss of sales or potential sales in current or future products covered by such license agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 Disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to license agreements, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation related issues; 
 the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the license agreement; 
 the sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 
 45 

Table of Contents 

our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 
 our financial obligations under the license agreement; 
 the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and 
 the priority of invention of patented technology. 
 In addition, the agreements under which we currently license intellectual property or technology to or from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected future products. 
 In some cases, we may not have primary control over prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and defense of patents and patent applications that we have in-licensed from third parties, and instead we rely on our licensors for these activities. We cannot be certain that such activities have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If we do undertake any enforcement of our in-licensed patents or defense of any claims asserting the invalidity of such patents, such actions may be subject to the cooperation of our licensors or other third parties. If our licensors or other third parties fail to prosecute, maintain, enforce and defend intellectual property licensed to us, or lose their own rights to such intellectual property, the rights we have licensed may be impaired or eliminated and our ability to develop and commercialize any of our products that are subject to such rights could be adversely affected. 
 In-licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property is a competitive area and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to in-license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary for our business. These companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater capabilities with respect to clinical development and commercialization. Furthermore, companies that perceive us as a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have on reasonable terms or at all, we may have to abandon development of the relevant program or current or future product and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could suffer. 
 Changes to the patent law in the United States and other jurisdictions could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, thereby impairing our ability to protect our technologies and current or future products. 
 As is the case with other life sciences companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the life sciences industry involves both technological and legal complexity and is therefore costly, time consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. 
 For example, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the America Invents Act ), was signed into law on September 16, 2011, and many of the substantive changes became effective on March 16, 2013. The America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Specifically, the America Invents Act reforms United States patent law in part by changing the U.S. patent system from a first to invent system to a first inventor to file system. Under a first inventor to file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether another inventor was the first to invent the invention. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application and be diligent in filing patent applications. Circumstances may arise that could prevent us from promptly filing patent applications on our inventions and allow third parties to file patents claiming our inventions before we are able to do so. The America Invents Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by the USPTO administered post grant proceedings, including reexamination proceedings, inter partes review, post grant review and derivation proceedings. These adversarial proceedings at the USPTO review patent claims without the presumption of validity afforded to U.S. patents in lawsuits in U.S. federal courts, and use a lower burden of proof 
 46 

Table of Contents 

than used in litigation in U.S. federal courts. Therefore, it is generally considered easier for a competitor or third party to have a U.S. patent invalidated in a USPTO post-grant review or inter partes review proceeding than in a litigation in a U.S. federal court. 
 In addition, the patent positions of companies in the life sciences industry are particularly uncertain. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. This combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the validity and enforceability of patents, once obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways. In addition, the complexity and uncertainty of European patent laws have also increased in recent years. Complying with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our existing patent portfolio and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, documentary, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and patent applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside the United States over the lifetime of our patents and patent applications and any patent rights we may own or license in the future. Additionally, the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside the United States require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In certain cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with rules applicable to the particular jurisdiction. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If we or our licensors fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering or otherwise protecting our current or future products, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, to the extent that we have responsibility for taking any action related to the prosecution or maintenance of patents or patent applications in-licensed from a third party, any failure on our part to maintain the in-licensed intellectual property could jeopardize our rights under the relevant license and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees, consultants, independent contractors or we have misappropriated their intellectual property, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property and proprietary technology. 
 Many of our employees were previously employed at universities or other life science, biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us. We may, however, be subject to claims that we or these employees have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, trade secrets or other proprietary information of any such employee s former employer or that patents and applications we have filed to protect inventions of these individuals, even those related to one or more of our current or future products, are rightfully owned by their former or concurrent employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending ourselves, such litigation could result in substantial costs to us or be distracting to our management. If we fail to defend any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel or we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to commercialize our technology or products. Such a license may not be available on an exclusive basis or on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 In addition, while we typically require our employees, consultants and independent contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own, or such agreements may be breached or alleged to be ineffective, and the assignment may not be self-executing, which may result in claims by or against us related to the ownership of such intellectual property or may result in such intellectual property becoming assigned to third parties. If we fail in enforcing or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our senior management and scientific personnel. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents on current or future products in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the 
 47 

Table of Contents 

United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Third parties may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained or are unable to adequately enforce patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we or any of our licensors is forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 We rely on confidentiality agreements that, if breached, may be difficult to enforce and could have a material adverse effect on our business and competitive position. 
 Our policy is to enter agreements relating to the non-disclosure and non-use of confidential information with third parties, including our contractors, consultants, advisors and research collaborators, as well as agreements that purport to require the disclosure and assignment to us of the rights to the ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions of our employees and consultants while we employ them. However, these agreements can be difficult and costly to enforce. Moreover, to the extent that our contractors, consultants, advisors and research collaborators apply or independently develop intellectual property in connection with any of our projects, disputes may arise as to the proprietary rights to the intellectual property. If a dispute arises, a court may determine that the right belongs to a third party, and enforcement of our rights can be costly and unpredictable. In addition, we rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how that we seek to protect in part by confidentiality agreements with our employees, contractors, consultants, advisors or others. Despite the protective measures we employ, we still face the risk that: 
 these agreements may be breached; 
 these agreements may not provide adequate remedies for the applicable type of breach; or 
 our trade secrets or proprietary know-how will otherwise become known. 
 Any breach of our confidentiality agreements or our failure to effectively enforce such agreements would have a material adverse effect on our business and competitive position. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names or marks which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections. Although we would be given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not 
 48 

Table of Contents 

be able to compete effectively and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our proprietary and intellectual property rights is uncertain because such rights offer only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to develop products that are similar to, or better than, our current or future products in a way that is not covered by the claims of the patents we license or may own currently or in the future; 
 we, or our licensing partners or current or future collaborators, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by issued patents or pending patent applications that we license or may own currently or in the future; 
 we, or our licensing partners or current or future collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications for certain of our or their inventions; 
 our pending owned or in-licensed patent applications may not lead to issued patents; 
 we may choose not to file a patent for certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual property; 
 our competitors or other third parties might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 
 it is possible that there are prior public disclosures that could invalidate our or our licensors patents; 
 the patents of third parties or pending or future applications of third parties, if issued, may have an adverse effect on our business; 
 any patents that we obtain may not provide us with any competitive advantages or may ultimately be found not to be owned by us, invalid or unenforceable; or 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 
 Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business, financial conditions, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our existing level of indebtedness may increase and adversely affect our business and growth prospects, growth prospects, and financial condition, as well as our ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms, which could, in turn, limit our ability to develop or acquire new products, services, technologies and methodologies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total current and long-term indebtedness outstanding of approximately 527.4 million, including term loans of 538.6 million, and unamortized debt issuance costs of 11.1 million. We may incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. If we increase our current indebtedness levels, the risks related to our indebtedness as set forth herein could intensify. 
 Our indebtedness, or any additional indebtedness we may incur, could require us to divert funds identified for other purposes for debt service and impair our liquidity position. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we may need to refinance our debt, dispose of assets or issue equity to obtain necessary funds. We do not know whether we will be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory to us or at all. 
 Our indebtedness, the cash flow needed to satisfy our debt and the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement have important consequences, including: 
 limiting funds otherwise available for financing our capital expenditures by requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flows from operations to the repayment of debt and the interest on this debt; 
 limiting our ability to incur or prepay existing indebtedness, pay dividends or distributions, dispose of assets, engage in mergers and consolidations, make acquisitions or other investments and make changes in the nature of the business, among other things; 
 49 

Table of Contents 

making us more vulnerable to rising interest rates, as certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under the Credit Agreement, bear variable rates of interest; and 
 making us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business. 
 Our level of indebtedness may place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that are not as highly leveraged. Fluctuations in interest rates can increase borrowing costs. Increases in interest rates may directly impact the amount of interest we are required to pay and reduce earnings accordingly. In addition, tax laws, including the disallowance or deferral of tax deductions for interest paid on outstanding indebtedness, could have an adverse effect on our liquidity and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Further, our Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and certain restrictions on operations that could impose operating and financial limitations and restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to enter into particular transactions and to engage in other actions that we may believe are advisable or necessary for our business. 
 Variable rate indebtedness that we have incurred or may in the future incur will subject us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Certain borrowings under our Credit Agreement bear variable rates of interest. Increase in interest rates directly increase the amount of interest we are required to pay, and negatively impacts our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness more generally. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our debt service obligations, which actions may not be adequate or may impose additional restrictions on us. 
 Our ability to make scheduled debt service payments or to refinance outstanding debt obligations depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic, industry and competitive conditions and certain financial, business, economic and other factors beyond our control, including those discussed under Risk Related to Our Business and Strategy above. We may not be able to maintain a sufficient level of cash flow from operating activities to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If we cannot meet our debt service obligations, the holders of our indebtedness would have the right to accelerate such indebtedness and, to the extent such indebtedness is secured, foreclose on our assets. This could have serious consequences to our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause us to become bankrupt or insolvent. Even if this does not occur, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our creditworthiness, which would also harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. 
 If our cash flows and other capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures and acquisitions, sell assets, raise additional capital or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. If we issue additional equity to repay all or a portion of our indebtedness, our shareholders may experience significant dilution of their equity interests. Any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, including the requirement to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios or restrictions on our ability to pay dividends or make acquisitions. If these alternative measures are not successful, we may be required to sell material assets or operations to attempt to meet our debt service obligations. Further, we may not be able to consummate these asset sales (including as a result of restrictions imposed on us under the Credit Agreement) or sell assets at prices and on terms that we believe are fair, and any proceeds that we do receive may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
 The terms of the financing documents governing our Credit Agreement restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 The financing documents governing our Credit Agreement contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests, including restrictions on our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 incur liens; 
 merge, dissolve, liquidate, amalgamate, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of our assets; 
 declare or pay certain dividends, payments or distribution or repurchase or redeem certain capital stock; 
 50 

Table of Contents 

permit our subsidiaries to enter into agreements restricting their ability to pay dividends, make loans, incur liens and sell assets; and 
 make certain investments. 
 These restrictions could limit, potentially significantly, our operational flexibility and affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or to execute our business strategy. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 Our principal asset is our interest in Maravai Topco Holdings LLC Topco LLC ), and, accordingly, we depend on distributions from Topco LLC to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Topco LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions. 
 We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our ownership of equity interests in Topco LLC. As such, we have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay our taxes, satisfy our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and pay operating expenses or declare and pay dividends, if any, in the future depends on the financial results and cash flows of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries and distributions we receive from Topco LLC. There can be no assurance that Topco LLC and its subsidiaries will generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to us or that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including negative covenants in debt instruments of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries, will permit such distributions. 
 Topco LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, taxable income of Topco LLC is allocated to the LLC Unitholders of Topco LLC, including us. Accordingly, we incur income taxes on our distributive share of any net taxable income of Topco LLC. Under the terms of the Topco LLC operating agreement (the LLC Operating Agreement ), Topco LLC is obligated to make tax distributions to LLC Unitholders, including us. In addition to tax and dividend payments, we also incur expenses related to our operations, including obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Due to the uncertainty of various factors, we cannot estimate the likely tax benefits we may realize as a result of our purchase of LLC Units in Topco LLC (the LLC Units and LLC Unit exchanges, and the resulting amounts we are likely to pay out to LLC Unitholders pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement; however, we estimate that such payments may be substantial. Under the LLC Operating Agreement, tax distributions shall be made on a pro rata basis among the LLC Unitholders, and will be calculated without regard to any applicable basis adjustment under Section 743(b) of The Internal Revenue Code the Code ). 
 We expect Topco LLC will continue to make cash distributions to the owners of LLC Units in amounts sufficient to (1) fund all or part of their tax obligations in respect of taxable income allocated to them and (2) cover our operating expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 However, Topco LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions, such as restrictions on distributions that would violate either any contract or agreement to which Topco LLC or its subsidiaries is then a party, including debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering Topco LLC or its subsidiaries insolvent. In addition, effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, liability for adjustments to a partnership s tax return may be imputed on the partnership itself in certain circumstances, absent an election to the contrary. Topco LLC may be subject to material liabilities pursuant to this legislation and related guidance if, for example, its calculations of taxable income are incorrect. If we do not have sufficient funds to pay tax or other liabilities or to fund our operations, we may have to borrow funds, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, such payments generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid. Nonpayment for a specified period, however, may constitute a breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement, unless, generally, such nonpayment is due to a lack of sufficient funds. 
 Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions we determine. Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge existing tax basis, a tax basis increase or other tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement, if any subsequent disallowance of tax basis or other benefits were so determined by the IRS, we would not be reimbursed for any payments previously made under the applicable Tax Receivable Agreement (although we would reduce future amounts otherwise payable under such Tax Receivable Agreement). In addition, the actual state or local tax savings we realize may be different than the amount of such tax savings we are deemed to realize under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which will be based on an assumed combined state and local tax rate applied to our reduction in taxable income as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. As a 
 51 

Table of Contents 

result, payments could be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of the tax savings we realize in respect of the attributes to which the Tax Receivable Agreement relate. 
 Conflicts of interest could arise between our shareholders and Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC MLSH 1 ), which may impede business decisions that could benefit our shareholders. 
 MLSH 1, which is controlled by GTCR, LLC GTCR and is the only holder of LLC Units other than us, has the right to consent to certain amendments to the LLC Operating Agreement, as well as to certain other matters. MLSH 1 may exercise these voting rights in a manner that conflicts with the interests of our shareholders. Circumstances may arise in the future when the interests of MLSH 1 conflict with the interests of our shareholders. As we control Topco LLC, we have certain obligations to MLSH 1 as an LLC Unitholder in Topco LLC that may conflict with fiduciary duties our officers and directors owe to our shareholders. These conflicts may result in decisions that are not in the best interests of shareholders. 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement requires us to make cash payments to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled, and we expect that the payments we will be required to make will be substantial. 
 Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement we are required to make cash payments to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, collectively, equal to 85 of the tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or, in some circumstances, are deemed to realize, as a result of (i) certain increases in the tax basis of assets of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries resulting from purchases or exchanges of LLC Units, (ii) certain tax attributes related to the LLC Units held by the corporations that merged into our corporate structure as part of the Organizational Transactions (as discussed in Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements), Topco LLC and subsidiaries of Topco LLC that existed prior to our initial public offering and (iii) certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments that we make under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Any payments made by us to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, such payments generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid. Nonpayment for a specified period, however, may constitute a breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement, unless, generally, such nonpayment is due to a lack of sufficient funds. Furthermore, our future obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be deemed realized under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are also not conditioned upon MLSH 1 maintaining a continued ownership interest in Topco LLC. 
 The actual amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges by MLSH 1, the amount of gain recognized by MLSH 1, the amount and timing of the taxable income we generate in the future and the federal tax rates then applicable. 
 We expect that the aggregate payments that we may make under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be substantial. Assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law, and that we earn sufficient taxable income to realize all tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement, we expect that future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement relating to the purchase by Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. of LLC Units from MLSH 1 to be approximately 718.2 million and to range from approximately 42.3 million to 63.3 million per year over the next 14 years and decline thereafter. As a result, we expect that aggregate payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement over this 14-year period will be approximately 681.7 million. Future payments in respect of subsequent exchanges or financing would be in addition to these amounts and are expected to be substantial. The foregoing numbers are merely estimates the actual payments could differ materially. It is possible that future transactions or events could increase or decrease the actual tax benefits realized and the corresponding Tax Receivable Agreement payments. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if, as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise, the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement and/or distributions to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. by Topco LLC are not sufficient to permit Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement after it has paid taxes. 
 Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine. Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the Internal Revenue Service IRS to challenge a tax basis increase or the availability of tax attributes of the corporations merged into our corporate structure as part of the Organizational Transactions, if any, we will not be reimbursed for any cash payments previously made to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement if any tax benefits initially claimed by us are subsequently disallowed, in whole or in part, by the IRS or other applicable taxing authority. For example, if the IRS later asserts that we did not obtain a tax basis increase or disallows (in whole or in part) the availability of Net Operating Losses NOLs due to a potential ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC or the Code ), among other potential challenges, then we would not be reimbursed for any cash payments previously made to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement with respect to such tax 
 52 

Table of Contents 

benefits that we had initially claimed. Instead, any excess cash payments made by us pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. Nevertheless, any tax benefits initially claimed by us may not be disallowed for a number of years following the initial time of such payment or, even if challenged early, such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. Accordingly, there may not be sufficient future cash payments against which to net. The applicable U.S. federal income tax rules are complex, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not disagree with our tax reporting positions. As a result, it is possible that we could make cash payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are substantially greater than our actual cash tax savings. 
 Under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we are required to provide MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 with a schedule setting forth the calculation of payments that are due under the TRA with respect to each taxable year in which a payment obligation arises within ninety (90) days after the extended due date of our U.S. federal income tax return for such taxable year. This calculation will be based upon the advice of our tax advisors. The calculation will become final thirty (30) days after it is provided assuming that no objections are made. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally be made within five (5) business days after this schedule becomes final pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Tax Receivable Agreement, although interest on such payments will begin to accrue at a rate of Intercontinental Exchange London Interbank Offer Rate LIBOR for a period of one month (or, if LIBOR ceases to be published, at a rate selected by us in good faith, with characteristics similar to LIBOR or consistent with market practices generally, any such rate, a Replacement Rate plus 100 basis points from the due date (without extensions) of such tax return. Generally, any late payments that may be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement will continue to accrue interest at LIBOR (or a Replacement Rate, as applicable) plus 500 basis points until such payments are made, including any late payments that we may subsequently make because we did not have enough available cash to satisfy our payment obligations at the time at which they originally arose. 
 The amounts that we may be required to pay to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated in certain circumstances and may also significantly exceed the actual tax benefits that we ultimately realize. 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that if (1) certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination or other changes of control were to occur, (2) we breach any of our material obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement or (3) at any time, we elect an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, then the Tax Receivable Agreement will terminate and our obligations, or our successor s obligations, to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement would accelerate and become immediately due and payable. The amount due and payable in that circumstance is based on certain assumptions, including an assumption that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. 
 As a result of a change in control, material breach or our election to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement early, (1) we could be required to make cash payments to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual benefits we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement and (2) we would be required to make an immediate cash payment equal to the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement discounted in accordance with the Tax Receivable Agreement, which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination, or other changes of control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 that will not benefit the other common shareholders to the same extent as they will benefit MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. 
 Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon MLSH 1, as the only other LLC Unitholder in Topco LLC, and MLSH 2 that will not benefit the other holders of our Class A common stock to the same extent. We have entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, which will provide for the payment by us to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, collectively, of 85 of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of (i) certain increases in the tax basis of assets of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries resulting from purchases or exchanges of LLC Units, (ii) certain tax attributes of certain of the entities (the Blocker Entities through which GTCR and other existing members of MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 held their ownership interests in MLSH 1, Topco LLC and subsidiaries of Topco LLC that existed prior to our initial public offering and (iii) certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments that we make under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Due to the uncertainty of various factors, we cannot estimate the likely tax benefits 
 53 

Table of Contents 

we will realize as a result of purchases of LLC Units and LLC Unit exchanges, and the resulting amounts we are likely to pay out to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement; however, we estimate that such payments may be substantial. Although we will retain 15 of the amount of such tax benefits, this and other aspects of our organizational structure may adversely impact the future trading market for the Class A common stock. 
 We may not be able to realize all or a portion of the tax benefits that are currently expected to result from the tax attributes covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement and from payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Our ability to realize the tax benefits that we currently expect to be available as a result of the attributes covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement, the payments made pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, and the interest deductions imputed under the Tax Receivable Agreement all depend on a number of assumptions, including that we earn sufficient taxable income each year during the period over which such deductions are available and that there are no adverse changes in applicable law or regulations. Additionally, if our actual taxable income were insufficient or there were additional adverse changes in applicable law or regulations, we may be unable to realize all or a portion of the expected tax benefits and our cash flows and shareholders equity could be negatively affected. 
 In certain circumstances, Topco LLC will be required to make distributions to us and MLSH 1 and the distributions may be substantial. 
 Topco LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income is allocated to its members, including us. We expect Topco LLC will continue to make tax distributions quarterly to the LLC Unitholders in Topco LLC (including us), in each case on a pro rata basis based on Topco LLC s net taxable income and without regard to any applicable basis adjustment under Section 743(b) of the Code. Funds used by Topco LLC to satisfy its tax distribution obligations will not be available for reinvestment in our business. Moreover, these tax distributions may be substantial, and will likely exceed (as a percentage of Topco LLC s income) the overall effective tax rate applicable to a similarly situated corporate taxpayer. As a result, it is possible that we will receive distributions significantly in excess of our tax liabilities and obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. While our Board may choose to distribute such cash balances as dividends on our Class A common stock, they will not be required to do so, and may in their sole discretion choose to use such excess cash for any purpose (including an investment of such cash into Topco LLC) depending upon the facts and circumstances at the time of determination. See Dividend Policy. 
 Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. Our tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 
 expiration of, or detrimental changes in, research and development tax credit laws; or 
 changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof. 
 In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by U.S. federal, state and foreign authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 If we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940 Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the 1940 Act if it (1) is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (2) is engaged, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We do not believe that we are an investment company, as such term is defined in either of those sections of the 1940 Act. 
 As the sole managing member of Topco LLC, we will control and manage Topco LLC. On that basis, we believe that our interest in Topco LLC is not an investment security under the 1940 Act. Therefore, we have less than 40 of the value of our 
 54 

Table of Contents 

total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) in investment securities. However, if we were to lose the right to manage and control Topco LLC, interests in Topco LLC could be deemed to be investment securities under the 1940 Act. 
 We intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed to be an investment company. However, if we were deemed to be an investment company, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Being a Public Company 
 We are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting in order to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may not complete our analysis of our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these internal controls may not be determined to be operating effectively, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our Class A common stock. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Developing the system and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act is a costly and challenging process. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment must be made yearly and must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. We also must disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. Further, our independent registered public accounting firm must report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. 
 Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency would require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies and management may not be able to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in a timely manner. The existence of any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could also result in errors in our financial statements that could require us to restate our financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and cause shareholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business and stock price. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 GTCR controls us, and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, investment entities affiliated with GTCR collectively controlled approximately 57 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock and therefore GTCR controls the vote of all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. This control enables GTCR to control the election of the members of the Board and all other corporate decisions. Even when GTCR ceases to control a majority of the total voting power, for so long as GTCR continues to own a significant percentage of our Class A common stock, GTCR will still be able to significantly influence the composition of our Board and the approval of actions requiring shareholder approval. Accordingly, for such period of time, GTCR will have significant influence with respect to our management, business plans and policies, including the appointment and removal of our officers, decisions on whether to raise future capital and amending our charter and bylaws, which govern the rights attached to our Class A common stock. In particular, for so long as GTCR continues to own a significant percentage of our Class A common stock, GTCR will be able to cause or prevent a change of control of us or a change in the composition of our Board and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us. The concentration of ownership could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of Class A common stock as part of a sale of us and ultimately might affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

We entered into a Director Nomination Agreement with GTCR that provides GTCR the right to nominate to the Board a number of designees equal to at least: (i) 100 of the total number of directors comprising the Board, so long as GTCR beneficially owns shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock representing at least 40 of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock it beneficially owned as of November 19, 2020, (ii) 40 of the total number of directors, in the event that GTCR beneficially owns shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock representing at least 30 but less than 40 of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock it owned as of November 19, 2020, (iii) 30 of the total number of directors, in the event that GTCR beneficially owns shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock representing at least 20 but less than 30 of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock it owned as of November 19, 2020, (iv) 20 of the total number of directors, in the event that GTCR beneficially owns shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock representing at least 10 but less than 20 of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock it owns as of November 19, 2020 and (v) one director, in the event that GTCR beneficially owns shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock representing at least 5 of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock it owned as of November 19, 2020. The Director Nomination Agreement provides that GTCR may assign such right to a GTCR affiliate. The Director Nomination Agreement prohibits us from increasing or decreasing the size of our Board without the prior written consent of GTCR. 
 GTCR and its affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in our industry generally. In the ordinary course of their business activities, GTCR and its affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our other shareholders, such as investing in or advising businesses that directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of our business or are suppliers or customers of ours. Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of GTCR, any of its affiliates or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his or her director and officer capacities) or its affiliates has any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. GTCR also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, GTCR may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you or may not prove beneficial. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of NASDAQ and, as a result, we qualify for and rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You will not have the same protections as those afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to such governance requirements. 
 GTCR controls a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of NASDAQ. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of our Board consist of independent directors; 
 the requirement that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; 
 the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees. 
 We utilize these exceptions and do not have a majority of independent directors on our Board, our compensation and nominating committee does not consist entirely of independent directors and is not subject to annual performance evaluations, and we do not have a corporate governance committee. Accordingly, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of NASDAQ. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Provisions of our corporate governance documents could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our shareholders. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our shareholders. Among other things: 
 these provisions allow us to authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without shareholder approval, and which may include supermajority voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of shareholders; 
 these provisions provide for a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms; 
 these provisions provide that, at any time when GTCR controls, in the aggregate, less than 40 of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock, directors may only be removed for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class; 
 these provisions prohibit shareholder action by written consent from and after the date on which GTCR controls, in the aggregate, less than 35 in voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 
 these provisions provide that for as long as GTCR controls, in the aggregate, at least 50 in voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our bylaws by our shareholders will require the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of our capital stock and at any time when GTCR controls, in the aggregate, less than 50 in voting power of all outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our bylaws by our shareholders will require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class; and 
 these provisions establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our Board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by shareholders at shareholder meetings; provided, however, at any time when GTCR controls, in the aggregate, at least 10 in voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, such advance notice procedure will not apply to GTCR. 
 We opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested shareholder for a period of three years following the date on which the shareholder became an interested shareholder. However, our certificate of incorporation contains a provision that provides us with protections similar to Section 203, and prevents us from engaging in a business combination with a person (excluding GTCR and any of its direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party) who acquires at least 85 of our Class A common stock for a period of three years from the date such person acquired such common stock, unless board or shareholder approval is obtained prior to the acquisition. These provisions could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and cause us to take other corporate actions you desire, including actions that you may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, because our Board is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our shareholders to replace current members of our management team. 
 These and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for shareholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our Board or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current Board, including actions to delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. The existence of these provisions could negatively affect the price of our Class A common stock and limit opportunities for you to realize value in a corporate transaction. 
 Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our shareholders and the federal district courts of the United States as the exclusive forum for litigation arising under the Securities Act, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for any claims in state court for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our shareholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or (4) any other action asserting a claim against us that is 
 57 

Table of Contents 

governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that for the avoidance of doubt, the forum selection provision that identifies the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, including any derivative action, will not apply to suits to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Our certificate of incorporation further provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of our certificate of incorporation described above. The forum selection provisions in our certificate of incorporation may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers and may limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. If the enforceability of our forum selection provisions were to be challenged, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such challenge. While we currently have no basis to expect any such challenge would be successful, if a court were to find our forum selection provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of these specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with having to litigate in other jurisdictions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our employees, management and board of directors. 
 Our operating results and stock price may be volatile. 
 Our quarterly operating results are likely to fluctuate in the future. In addition, securities markets worldwide have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, significant price and volume fluctuations, including as a result of the current macroeconomic environment and fiscal and monetary policy uncertainty. This market volatility, as well as other general economic, market or political conditions, could subject the market price of our Class A common stock to wide price fluctuations regardless of our operating performance. Our operating results and the trading price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate in response to various factors, including those discussed throughout this section. 
 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares of Class A common stock, including newly issued shares of Class A common stock issued upon the exchange of UP-C interests by MLSH 1, may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of Class A common stock intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had 131,691,863 outstanding shares of Class A common stock, 21,681,033 of which are subject to restrictions imposed by federal securities laws. All of these shares of Class A common stock could, however, be sold from time to time, subject to restrictions imposed by federal securities laws. We also register shares of Class A common stock that we issue under our equity compensation plans. Once we register these shares, they can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance. Further, as of December 31, 2022, an additional 123,669,196 shares of Class A common stock are issuable upon the exchange by MLSH 1 of its interest in Topco. 
 Because we have no current plans to pay regular cash dividends on our Class A common, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your Class A common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We do not anticipate paying any regular cash dividends on our Class A common stock. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is, and may be, limited by covenants of existing and any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. Therefore, any return on investment in our Class A common stock is solely dependent upon the appreciation of the price of our Class A common stock on the open market, which may not occur. 
 We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our Class A common stock, which could depress the price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue one or more series of preferred stock. Our Board has the authority to determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of the shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our shareholders. Our preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our Class A common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us, discouraging bids for our Class A common stock at a premium to the market price, and materially adversely affect the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of our Class A common stock. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters and certain of our research and development operations are located in San Diego, California. The facilities serve as the principal hub of operations for our nucleic acid production business and were purpose built to expand the capacity of this business segment while adding specialized capabilities in the form of clean rooms, air handling, waste and solvent handling, and GMP capabilities. Our facility leases expire at varying dates through 2037, not including renewals that are at our option. 
 All facilities are leased. A summary of our facilities is listed below. 
 Location Approx. Square Footage Segment San Diego, CA 185,000 Nucleic Acid Production Sterling, VA 21,000 Nucleic Acid Production Leland, NC 46,000 Biologics Safety Testing Southport, NC 20,000 Biologics Safety Testing 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various legal proceedings and subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims are inherently unpredictable and uncertain, we are not currently a party to any legal proceedings the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, are believed to, either individually or taken together, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. Regardless of the outcome, litigation has the potential to have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Intellectual property litigation and other proceedings could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities and Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If we are sued for infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and time consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our current or future products. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A common stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol MRVI. 
 Our Class B common stock is not listed nor traded on any stock exchange. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the total stockholder s return on an investment of 100 in cash at market close on November 20, 2020 (the first day of trading of our common stock), through December 31, 2022 for (i) our Class A common stock, (ii) the Nasdaq Composite Index and (iii) the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. Pursuant to applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules, all values assume reinvestment of pre-tax amount of all dividends; however, no dividends have been declared on our Class A common stock to date. The stockholder return shown in the graph below may not be indicative of future stock price performance, and we do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder return. This graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, or Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Securities Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were two holders of record of our Class A common stock. This number does not include a greater number of beneficial holders of our Class A common stock whose shares are held by clearing houses, banks, brokers and other financial institutions which are aggregated into a single holder of record. 
 As of February 21, 2023, there was one holder of record of our Class B common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business and to repay indebtedness and, therefore, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Additionally, 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 because we are a holding company, our ability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock may be limited by restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions to us. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board, subject to compliance with covenants in current and future agreements governing our and our subsidiaries indebtedness, including our Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement entered into in October 2020, and will depend on our results of operations, financial conditions, capital requirements and other factors that our Board deems relevant. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 regarding shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued under the Company s equity compensation plan, consisting of our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan) and our 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) (2) 
 4,464,722 17.14 52,446,489 Total 4,464,722 17.14 52,446,489 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Includes 10,740,041 shares that remain available for purchase under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 46,171,170 shares of common stock that remain available for grant under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan provides for an automatic increase in the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder on January 1 of each calendar year during the term of the Plan, equal to the lesser of (a) 4.0 of the aggregate number of shares and shares of Class B common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) such smaller number of shares as determined by the Board. The 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan also provides for an automatic increase in the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder on January 1 of each calendar year during the term of the plan, equal to the lesser of (a) 1.25 of the aggregate number of shares and shares of Class B common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) such smaller number of shares as is determined by the Board, provided that the shares reserved under the ESPP shall not exceed an aggregate of 10,948,877 shares. 
 (2) The weighted average exercise price includes restricted stock unit awards that can be exercised for no consideration. The weighted average exercise price excluding these restricted stock units is 26.45. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis reflects our historical consolidated results of operations and financial position, and contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors. Please also see the section titled Forward Looking Statements. We were incorporated in August 2020 and, pursuant to the organizational transactions described in Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, became a holding company whose principal asset is a controlling equity interest in Topco LLC. As the sole managing member of Topco LLC, we operate and control the business and affairs of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries. Accordingly, we consolidate Topco LLC in our consolidated financial statements and report a non-controlling interest related to the portion of Topco LLC not owned by us. Because the organizational transactions were considered transactions between entities under common control, the consolidated financial statements for periods prior to the organizational transactions and the initial public offering have been adjusted to combine the previously separate entities for presentation purposes. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us or our refer to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 This discussion and analysis generally addresses 2022 and 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Part II, Item 7 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 We are a leading life sciences company providing critical products to enable the development of drug therapies, diagnostics, novel vaccines and support research on human diseases. Our customers include the top global biopharmaceutical companies ranked by research and development expenditures according to industry consultants, and many other emerging biopharmaceutical and life sciences research companies, as well as leading academic research institutions and in vitro diagnostics companies. Our products address the key phases of biopharmaceutical development and include complex nucleic acids for diagnostic and therapeutic applications, antibody-based products to detect impurities during the production of biopharmaceutical products, and products to detect the expression of proteins in tissues of various species. 
 We have and will continue to build a transformative life sciences products company by acquiring businesses and accelerating their growth through capital infusions and industry expertise. Biomedical innovation is dependent on a reliable supply of reagents in the fields of nucleic acid production, biologics safety testing and protein labeling. From inventive startups to the world s leading biopharmaceutical, vaccine, diagnostics and gene and cell therapy companies, these customers turn to us to solve their complex discovery challenges and help them streamline and scale their supply chain needs beginning from research and development through clinical trials to commercialization. 
 Our primary customers are biopharmaceutical companies who are pursuing novel research and product development programs. Our customers also include a range of government, academic and biotechnology institutions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed a team of over 610 full-time employees, approximately 18 of whom have advanced degrees. We primarily utilize a direct sales model for our sales to our customers in North America. Our international sales, primarily in Europe and Asia Pacific, are effected through a combination of third-party distributors as well as via a direct sales model. The percentage of our total revenue derived from customers in North America was 38.4 and 39.7 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We generated revenue of 883.0 million and 799.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Total revenue by segment was 813.1 million in Nucleic Acid Production and 69.9 million in Biologics Safety Testing for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total revenue by segment was 711.9 million in Nucleic Acid Production, 68.4 million in Biologics Safety Testing and 19.0 million in Protein Detection for the year ended December 31, 2021. We divested our Protein Detection segment in September 2021, and since then operate two business segments only, Nucleic Acid Production and Biologics Safety Testing. 
 We focus a substantial portion of our resources supporting our core business segments. We are actively pursuing opportunities to expand our customer base both domestically and internationally by fostering strong relationships with both existing and new customers and distributors. Our management team has experience working with biopharmaceutical, vaccine, diagnostics and gene and cell therapy companies as well as academic and research scientists. We also intend to continue making investments in our overall infrastructure and business segments to support our growth. We incurred aggregate selling, general, and administrative expenses of 129.3 million and 100.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 
 Our research and development efforts are geared towards meeting our customers needs. We incurred research and development expenses of 18.4 million and 15.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We intend to continue to invest in research and development and new products and technologies to support our customers needs for the foreseeable future. 
 2022 and Recent Developments 
 Acquisitions 
 In January 2022, we completed the acquisition of MyChem, LLC MyChem ), a privately-held San Diego, California-based provider of ultra-pure nucleotides to customers in the diagnostics, pharma, genomics and research markets, for a total purchase consideration of 257.9 million, which includes an estimated fair value of contingent consideration of 7.8 million as of the acquisition date. As a result of the acquisition, we own all the outstanding interest in MyChem. Our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 include the operating results of MyChem from the acquisition date. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 In January 2023, we completed the acquisition of Alphazyme, LLC Alphazyme ), a privately-held original equipment manufacturer OEM provider of custom, scalable, molecular biology enzymes to customers in the genetic analysis and nucleic acid synthesis markets. The total consideration to acquire Alphazyme consisted of a base cash purchase price of 70.0 million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments, and potential performance payments payable in cash of up to 75.0 million. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Government Assistance 
 In May 2022, TriLink entered into a cooperative agreement Cooperative Agreement with the U.S. Department of Defense, as represented by the Joint Program Executive Office for Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Defense on behalf of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority BARDA ), within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, to advance the development of domestic manufacturing capabilities and to expand TriLink s domestic production capacity for products critical to the development and manufacture of mRNA vaccines and therapeutics, including nucleoside triphosphates and CleanCap , TriLink s proprietary co-transcriptional mRNA capping reagents. 
 TriLink is expanding its San Diego manufacturing campus by making a significant investment in additional cleanroom and small molecule manufacturing space, implementing automation systems and adding support areas to augment production capacity (the Flanders San Diego Facility ). Pursuant to certain requirements, BARDA awarded TriLink an amount equal to 50 of the construction and validation costs currently budgeted for the Flanders San Diego Facility. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Trends and Uncertainties 
 COVID-19 Related Revenue Trends and Uncertainties 
 Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020, our results of operations and cash flows have substantially benefited from the strong demand for COVID-19 related products and services, including our proprietary CleanCap analogs and highly modified RNA products, particularly mRNA. We estimate that revenue from COVID-19 related products and services represented approximately 67.9 and 69.7 , respectively, of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. However, we believe the second quarter of 2022 represented the highest revenue quarter for revenue attributable to our COVID-19 related products and services, with substantial declines in COVID-19 related revenue expected in the future. In addition to the general market trend of reduced demand for COVID-19 related products and services as the pandemic subsides, our COVID-19 related revenue for 2023 may be negatively impacted by unused inventory of our products that our customers have on hand. We are unable to estimate the impact of this unused inventory on future demand given both binding contractual commitments by our customers for additional purchases and our customers generally having not provided us with detailed inventory data. Our longer-term revenue prospects for COVID-19 related products are highly uncertain but are expected to be substantially less than pandemic highs. There are various political, social, economic and regulatory factors that could influence the ongoing manufacture and supply of COVID-19 vaccines, and in turn, our longer-term COVID-19 related revenue, including: the emergence, duration and intensity of new virus variants; emerging information concerning the severity and incidence of the virus and its variants; competition faced by our customers from other COVID-19 vaccine manufacturers or developers of alternative treatments; the availability and administration of pediatric and booster vaccinations, vaccine supply constraints, vaccine hesitancy and the effectiveness of vaccines against new virus strains; the lapsing of the public health emergency declaration made pursuant to Section 319 of the Public Health Service Act in January 2020; political and social debate relating to the need for, efficacy of, or side effects related to one or more specific COVID-19 vaccines; and the U.S. and global macroeconomic conditions, including impacts resulting from supply chain constraints, labor market shortages and inflationary pressures. This contraction in COVID-19 related demand will significantly decrease our revenue and cash flow, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition in the future. 
 Other Trends and Uncertainties 
 Biopharmaceutical customers are increasingly relying on outside parties to provide important inputs and services for their clinical research and manufacturing, a development driving growth for suppliers with unique capabilities and the ability to manufacture at an appropriate scale to support customer programs. We believe that suppliers like ourselves, with this rare combination of capabilities, proprietary products and the required investment in manufacturing and quality systems, are benefiting from rapid growth as biopharmaceutical customers seek to partner with a small number of trusted suppliers. In addition to the continued trend toward outsourcing, several market developments are driving increased growth, in our addressable market segments, including: (i) pivot toward mRNA vaccines driven in part by the success of mRNA COVID-19 vaccines; (ii) rapid growth in development of cell and gene therapies; (iii) large and growing pipeline of protein-based therapeutics; and (iv) rise in molecular diagnostics driven by COVID-19. 
 Our Biologics Safety Testing business continues to see headwinds from business in Asia, seeing impacts from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic lockdowns in China and our ongoing decisions not to ship products into Russia. See more information under Part I, Item 1. Business. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 How We Assess Our Business 
 We consider a variety of financial and operating measures in assessing the performance of our business. The key measures we use to determine how our business is performing are revenue and Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as net income (loss) adjusted for interest, provision for income taxes, depreciation, amortization and equity-based compensation expenses. Adjusted EBITDA reflects further adjustments to eliminate the impact of certain items, including certain non-cash and other items, that we do not consider representative of our ongoing operating performance. We also present Adjusted Free Cash Flow, which is a non-GAAP measure that we define as Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures. 
 Management uses Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate the financial performance of our business and the effectiveness of our business strategies. We present Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Free Cash Flow because we believe they are frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry, and they facilitate comparisons on a consistent basis across reporting periods. Further, we believe they are helpful in highlighting trends in our operating results because they exclude items that are not indicative of our core operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA is also a component of the financial covenant under our credit agreement that governs our ability to access more than 63.0 million in aggregate letters of credit and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility. In addition, if we borrow more than 63.0 million, we are required to maintain a specified net leverage ratio. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources of Liquidity Debt Covenants for a discussion of this financial covenant. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Free Cash Flow have limitations as analytical tools and you should not consider them in isolation, or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. We may in the future incur expenses similar to the adjustments in the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA. In particular, we expect to incur meaningful share-based compensation expense in the future. Other limitations include that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Free Cash Flow do not reflect: 
 all expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 changes in our working capital needs; 
 provision for income taxes, which may be a necessary element of our costs and ability to operate; 
 the costs of replacing the assets being depreciated, which will often have to be replaced in the future; 
 the non-cash component of employee compensation expense; and 
 the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be reflective, on a recurring basis, of our ongoing operations. 
 In addition, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Free Cash Flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue consists primarily of product revenue and, to a much lesser extent, service revenue. We generated total consolidated revenue of 883.0 million and 799.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, through the following segments: (i) Nucleic Acid Production, (ii) Biologics Safety Testing and (iii) Protein Detection. We divested our Protein Detection segment in September 2021, and since then operate two business segments only, Nucleic Acid Production and Biologics Safety Testing. 
 Nucleic Acid Production Segment 
 Our Nucleic Acid Production segment focuses on the manufacturing and sale of highly modified nucleic acids products to support the needs of customers research, therapeutic and vaccine programs. This segment also provides research products for labeling and detecting proteins in cells and tissue samples. 
 Biologics Safety Testing Segment 
 Our Biologics Safety Testing segment focuses on manufacturing and selling biologics safety and impurity tests and assay development services that are utilized by our customers in their biologic drug manufacturing activities. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Protein Detection Segment 
 Our Protein Detection segment products, which included a portfolio of labeling and visual detection reagents, were purchased by our scientific research customers for their tissue-based protein detection and characterization needs. In September 2021, we completed the divestiture of Vector Laboratories, Inc. and subsidiaries Vector ), which made up our Protein Detection segment. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue associated with our products primarily consists of manufacturing related costs incurred in the production process, including personnel and related costs, equity-based compensation expense, inventory write-downs, costs of materials, labor and overhead, packaging and delivery costs and allocated costs, including facilities, information technology, depreciation, and amortization of intangibles. Cost of revenue associated with our services primarily consists of personnel and related costs, equity-based compensation expense, cost of materials and allocated costs, including facilities and information technology costs. Costs of services were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Our selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries, benefits and equity-based compensation expense for our employees in our commercial sales functions, marketing, executive, accounting and finance, legal and human resource functions as well as travel expenses, professional services fees, such as consulting, audit, tax and legal fees, general corporate costs and allocated costs, including facilities, information technology and amortization of intangibles. 
 We expect that our selling, general and administrative expenses will continue to increase, primarily due to increased headcount and expanding facilities footprint to support anticipated long-term growth in the business, costs incurred in increasing our presence globally, and increases in marketing activities to drive awareness and adoption of our products and services. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development costs primarily consist of salaries, benefits, equity-based compensation expense, outside contracted services, cost of supplies, in-process research and development costs from asset acquisitions and allocated facilities costs for employees engaged in research and development of products and services. We expense all research and development costs in the period in which they are incurred. Payment made prior to the receipt of goods or services to be used in research and development are recognized as prepaid assets until the goods are received or services are rendered. 
 We expect our research and development costs to fluctuate in future periods as we continue our research and development efforts, including meeting our customers needs. These costs may fluctuate from period to period due to the timing and scope of our development activities. 
 Change in Estimated Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we completed the acquisition of MyChem and recorded a contingent consideration liability of 7.8 million. In the second quarter of 2022, we recorded a fair value adjustment to the liability based on our assessment of the probability of achieving certain revenue thresholds and other probability factors. This was due to a change in estimate associated with MyChem revenue projections reaching thresholds that would trigger a contingent payment per the MyChem Securities Purchase Agreement (the MyChem SPA ). 
 Gain on Sale of Business 
 In the third quarter of 2021, we completed the sale of Vector, which represented our Protein Detection business, to Voyager Group Holdings, Inc. Voyager and recorded a gain of 11.2 million. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consist of interest costs and the related amortization of the debt discount and deferred issuance costs on our outstanding debt. Interest expense also consists of changes in the fair value of our interest rate cap agreement. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash balances held at financial institutions. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt represent the write-off of remaining unamortized debt discount and deferred issuance costs on previously outstanding debt when we engage in refinancing activities. 
 Change in Payable to Related Parties Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement liability adjustment reflects changes in the Tax Receivable Agreement liability recorded in our consolidated statements of financial condition primarily due to changes in our estimated state apportionment and the corresponding change of our estimated state tax rate. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 As a result of our ownership of LLC Units in Topco LLC, we are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to our allocable share of any taxable income of Topco LLC and will be taxed at the prevailing corporate tax rates. 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 Non-controlling interests represent the portion of profit or loss, net assets and comprehensive income or loss of our consolidated subsidiaries that is not allocable to the Company based on our percentage of ownership of such entities. Income or loss attributed to the non-controlling interests is based on the LLC Units outstanding during the period and is presented on the consolidated statements of income. As of December 31, 2022, we hold 51.6 of the outstanding LLC Units of Topco LLC and 48.4 of the outstanding LLC Units of Topco LLC are held by MLSH 1. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The results of operations presented below should be reviewed in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands, except per share data) Revenue 883,001 799,240 10.5 Operating expenses: Cost of revenue (1) 
 168,957 140,561 20.2 Selling, general and administrative (1) 
 129,259 100,064 29.2 Research and development (1) 
 18,369 15,219 20.7 Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration (7,800) Gain on sale of business (11,249) Total operating expenses 308,785 244,595 26.2 Income from operations 574,216 554,645 3.5 Other income (expense), net (22,744) (23,880) (4.8) Income before income taxes 551,472 530,765 3.9 Income tax expense 60,809 61,515 (1.1) Net income 490,663 469,250 4.6 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 270,458 287,213 (5.8) Net income attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 220,205 182,037 21.0 Net income per Class A common share attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc.: Basic 1.67 1.59 Diluted 1.67 1.56 Weighted average number of Class A common shares outstanding: Basic 131,545 114,791 Diluted 255,323 257,803 Non-GAAP measures: Adjusted EBITDA 637,800 582,820 Adjusted Free Cash Flow 590,897 565,821 
 ____________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) Includes equity-based compensation expense as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Cost of revenue 4,192 1,915 118.9 Selling, general and administrative 13,349 8,263 61.6 Research and development 1,129 280 303.2 Total equity-based compensation expense 18,670 10,458 78.5 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue 
 Consolidated revenue by segment was as follows for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, Percentage of Revenue 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Nucleic Acid Production 813,069 711,864 14.2 92.1 89.1 Biologics Safety Testing 69,932 68,417 2.2 7.9 8.5 Protein Detection 18,959 2.4 Total revenue 883,001 799,240 10.5 100.0 100.0 
 ____________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 Total revenue was 883.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 799.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 83.8 million, or 10.5 . 
 Nucleic Acid Production revenue increased from 711.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 813.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 101.2 million, or 14.2 . The increase in Nucleic Acid Production was driven by demand for our proprietary CleanCap analogs as COVID-19 vaccine manufacturers scaled production earlier in the year, and for our highly modified RNA products as this technology becomes incorporated into more therapeutic and vaccine development programs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we estimate that approximately 599.8 million, or 90.8 , of our 660.5 million CleanCap revenue was a result of customer demand attributable to COVID-19 vaccines or other COVID-19 related commercial products or developmental programs. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we estimate that approximately 557.4 million, or 93.0 , of our 599.1 million CleanCap revenue was a result of customer demand attributable to COVID-19 vaccines or other COVID-19 related commercial products or developmental programs. 
 Biologics Safety Testing revenue increased from 68.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 69.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 1.5 million, or 2.2 . The increase was driven by growth in the underlying markets supporting cell and gene therapies, biosimilar and other biologic programs and growing adoption of MockV technology for viral clearance prediction during biopharmaceutical manufacturing. 
 There was no Protein Detection revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the sale of our Protein Detection business segment, which was completed in early September 2021. 
 
 Segment Information 
 Management has determined that adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization is the profit or loss measure used to make resource allocation decisions and evaluate segment performance. Adjusted EBITDA assists management in comparing the segment performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision-making by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect the core operations and, therefore, are not included in measuring segment performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, certain non-cash items and other adjustments that we do not consider in our evaluation of ongoing operating performance from period to period. Corporate costs, net of eliminations, are managed on a standalone basis and are not allocated to segments. 
 We do not allocate assets to our reportable segments as they are not included in the review performed by our Chief Operating Decision Maker for purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources. 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of our long-lived assets were located within the United States. 
 The following schedule includes revenue and adjusted EBITDA for each of our reportable operating segments (in thousands). We have revised our presentation for the prior periods below to remove the presentation of Total Adjusted EBITDA and reconcile the total of our reportable segments measure of profit or loss to income before income taxes, in addition to net income, and removed corporate costs, net of eliminations from total reportable segments adjusted EBITDA and included such amounts in the reconciliation to income before income taxes. Additionally, we have revised our presentation for the prior 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 periods below of our total reportable segments revenue, in which we removed intersegment eliminations from our total reportable segment s revenue. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue: Nucleic Acid Production 813,076 712,520 Biologics Safety Testing 69,932 68,417 Protein Detection 18,959 Total reportable segments revenue 883,008 799,896 Intersegment eliminations (7) (656) Total 883,001 799,240 Segment adjusted EBITDA: Nucleic Acid Production 638,337 565,254 Biologics Safety Testing 54,841 54,440 Protein Detection 6,391 Total reportable segments adjusted EBITDA 693,178 626,085 Reconciliation of total reportable segments adjusted EBITDA to income before income taxes Amortization (24,269) (18,339) Depreciation (7,566) (6,413) Interest expense (20,414) (30,260) Interest income 2,338 Corporate costs, net of eliminations (55,378) (43,265) Other adjustments: Acquisition contingent consideration 7,800 Acquisition integration costs (13,362) (44) Equity-based compensation (18,670) (10,458) Gain on sale of business 11,249 Merger and acquisition related expenses (2,416) (1,508) Financing costs (1,078) (2,383) Acquisition related tax adjustment (349) Tax Receivable Agreement liability adjustment (4,102) 6,101 Chief Executive Officer transition costs (2,426) Other (1,814) Income before income taxes 551,472 530,765 Income tax expense (60,809) (61,515) Net income 490,663 469,250 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, intersegment revenue was immaterial between the Nucleic Acid Production and Biologics Safety Testing segments. During the year ended December 31, 2021, intersegment revenue was 0.7 million between the Nucleic Acid Production and Protein Detection segments. The intersegment sales and the related gross margin on inventory recorded at the end of the period are eliminated for consolidation purposes. Internal selling prices for intersegment sales are consistent with the segment s normal retail price offered to external parties. There was no commission expense recognized for intersegment sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 A reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure, is set forth below (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 490,663 469,250 Add: Amortization 24,269 18,339 Depreciation 7,566 6,413 Interest expense 20,414 30,260 Interest income (2,338) Income tax expense 60,809 61,515 EBITDA 601,383 585,777 Acquisition contingent consideration (1) 
 (7,800) Acquisition integration costs (2) 
 13,362 44 Equity-based compensation (3) 
 18,670 10,458 Gain on sale of business (4) 
 (11,249) Merger and acquisition related expenses (5) 
 2,416 1,508 Financing costs (6) 
 1,078 2,383 Acquisition related tax adjustment (7) 
 349 Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment (8) 
 4,102 (6,101) Chief Executive Officer transition costs (9) 
 2,426 Other (10) 
 1,814 Adjusted EBITDA 637,800 582,820 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Refers to the change in the estimated fair value of performance payments related to the acquisition of MyChem, which was completed in January 2022. 
 (2) Refers to incremental costs incurred to execute and integrate completed acquisitions, and retention payments in connection with these acquisitions. 
 (3) Refers to non-cash expense associated with equity-based compensation. 
 (4) Refers to the gain on the sale of Vector, which was completed in September 2021. 
 (5) Refers to diligence, legal, accounting, tax and consulting fees incurred associated with acquisitions that were pursued but not consummated. 
 (6) Refers to transaction costs related to the refinancing of our long-term debt and costs from a secondary offering of our common stock that are not capitalizable or cannot be offset against proceeds from such transactions. 
 (7) Refers to non-cash expense associated with adjustments to the carrying value of the indemnification asset recorded in connection with the acquisition of MyChem. 
 (8) Refers to the adjustment of our Tax Receivable Agreement liability primarily due to changes in our estimated state apportionment and the corresponding change of our estimated state tax rate. 
 (9) Refers to legal fees and other costs associated with the previously announced Chief Executive Officer leadership transition planned for the middle of 2023. 
 (10) Refers to the loss recognized during the period associated with certain working capital and other adjustments related to the sale of Vector, which was completed in September 2021, and a loss incurred on extinguishment of debt. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 A reconciliation of Adjusted Free Cash Flow, which is a non-GAAP measure that we define as Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures, is set forth below (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Adjusted EBITDA 637,800 582,820 Capital expenditures (1) 
 (46,903) (16,999) Adjusted Free Cash Flow 590,897 565,821 
 ____________________ 
 (1) We define capital expenditures as: (i) purchases of property and equipment which are included in cash flows from investing activities, accounts payable and accrued expenses, offset by government funding recognized; and (ii) construction costs determined to be lessor improvements recorded as prepaid lease payments and right-of-use assets, including portions included in accounts payable and accrued expenses, offset by government funding recognized. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses include the following for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, Percentage of Revenue 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Cost of revenue 168,957 140,561 20.2 19.1 17.6 Selling, general and administrative 129,259 100,064 29.2 14.7 12.5 Research and development 18,369 15,219 20.7 2.1 1.9 Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration (7,800) (0.9) Gain on sale of business (11,249) (1.4) Total operating expenses 308,785 244,595 26.2 35.0 30.6 
 ____________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue increased by 28.4 million from 140.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 169.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 20.2 . The increase in cost of revenue was primarily attributable to an increase in inventory reserve of 8.0 million as a result of lower projected manufacturing demand, and an increase in quality control costs of 6.6 million. The increase was further driven by increases in amortization expense of 9.2 million for intangible assets recognized for the MyChem acquisition, an increase in personnel costs of 6.2 million driven by higher headcount to support Company growth, and an increase in facilities cost of 3.1 million due to additional facilities occupied. These were partially offset by a 7.2 million decrease in labor and overhead costs driven by improved labor efficiencies. 
 Gross profit increased by 55.4 million from 658.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 714.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in gross profit margin as a percentage of sales was primarily attributable to increases in inventory reserve, quality control costs, and amortization expense for newly acquired intangible assets. These are partially offset by a favorable product mix shift compared to prior period. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 29.2 million from 100.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 129.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 29.2 . The increase was primarily driven by an increase in personnel costs of 10.6 million, an increase in marketing costs of 7.5 million attributable to market studies conducted and increased advertising efforts to help elevate market presence, an increase in services and other costs of 4.5 million which includes increased legal fees and transaction costs associated with the acquisition of MyChem, and an increase in provision for credit losses of 2.6 million driven by increases in outstanding receivables. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses increased by 3.2 million from 15.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 18.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 20.7 . The increase was primarily driven by an increase in personnel costs of 11.7 million, including 9.3 million relating to retention payment accruals associated with the acquisition of MyChem. This is partially offset by a decrease in supplies, materials and services of 8.6 million primarily driven by contracted studies in the prior year aimed at improvements for manufacturing processes. 
 Change in Estimated Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 The change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration of 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the decrease in estimated fair value of the liability during the second quarter of 2022 for the contingent payments associated with the acquisition of MyChem. This was due to a change in estimate associated with MyChem revenue projections reaching thresholds that would trigger a contingent payment per the MyChem SPA. 
 Gain on Sale of Business 
 The gain on sale of business of 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was from the sale of Vector in September 2021. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) includes the following for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, Percentage of Revenue 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Interest expense (20,414) (30,260) (32.5) (2.3) (3.8) Interest income 2,338 0.2 Loss on extinguishment of debt (208) 0.0 Change in payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement (4,102) 6,101 (0.5) 0.8 Other income (358) 279 0.0 0.0 Total other income (expense), net (22,744) (23,880) (4.8) (2.6) (3.0) 
 ____________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 Other expense was 23.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 22.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a decrease of 1.1 million, or 4.8 . The decrease in expense was attributable to a 9.8 million decrease in interest expense primarily due to a 10.3 million change in fair value of the interest rate cap. The decrease was further driven by a 2.3 million increase in interest income for interest earned on our new demand deposits held at financial institutions. These were partially offset by a 10.2 million change in gain (loss) related to the payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of changes in our estimated state income tax apportionment and the corresponding change of our estimated state income tax rate. 
 
 Relationship with GTCR, LLC GTCR 
 Prior to our initial public offering IPO ), we utilized GTCR for certain services pursuant to an advisory services agreement. Under this agreement, GTCR provided us with financial and management consulting services in the areas of corporate strategy, budgeting for future corporate investments, acquisition and divestiture strategies, and debt and equity financings. The advisory services agreement provided that we pay a 0.1 million quarterly management fee to GTCR for these services. We also reimbursed GTCR for out-of-pocket expenses incurred while providing these services. The advisory services agreement also provided that certain of our subsidiaries pay placement fees to GTCR of 1.0 of the gross amount of debt or equity financings. In connection with our IPO, this advisory services agreement was terminated. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made distributions of 150.2 million and 153.5 million for tax liabilities to MLSH 1. 
 We are also a party to a Tax Receivable Agreement, or TRA, with MLSH 1, who is primarily owned by GTCR, and MLSH 2 (see Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements). The TRA provides for the payment by us to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 collectively, of 85 of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, from exchanges of LLC Units (together with the corresponding shares of Class B common stock) for Class A common stock, as a result of (i) certain increases in the tax basis of assets of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries resulting from purchases or exchanges of LLC Units, (ii) certain tax attributes of the entities acquired from MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 in connection with the Organizational Transactions, Topco LLC and subsidiaries of Topco LLC that existed prior to the IPO, and (iii) certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the TRA, including tax benefits attributable to payments that we make under the TRA (collectively, the Tax Attributes ). Payment obligations under the TRA are not conditioned upon any Topco LLC unitholders maintaining a continued ownership interest in us or Topco LLC, and the rights of MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 under the TRA are assignable. There is no stated term for the TRA, and the TRA will continue until all tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless we exercise our right to terminate the TRA for an agreed-upon amount. 
 We made payments of 35.3 million to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 pursuant to the TRA during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 1.1 million is related to interest. We made payments of 1.3 million to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 pursuant to the TRA during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, our liability under the TRA was 718.2 million. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 We have financed our operations primarily from cash flow from operations, borrowings under long-term debt agreements and, to a lesser extent, the sale of our Class A common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 632.1 million, retained earnings of 404.8 million, and net income of 490.7 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We also had positive cash flow from operations of 536.0 million. 
 We have relied on revenue derived from product and services sales, and equity and debt financings to fund our operations to date. 
 Our principal uses of cash have been to fund operations, acquisitions and capital expenditures, as well as make tax distributions to MLSH 1, make TRA payments to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 and make interest payments and mandatory principal payments on our long-term debt. 
 We plan to utilize our existing cash on hand, together with cash generated from operations, primarily to fund our commercial and marketing activities associated with our products and services, continued research and development initiatives, and ongoing investments into our manufacturing facilities to create efficiencies and build capacity. We believe our cash on hand, cash generated from operations and continued access to our credit facilities, will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements over the next 12 months and beyond. 
 As a result of our ownership of LLC Units in Topco LLC, the Company is subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to its allocable share of any taxable income of Topco LLC and is taxed at the prevailing corporate tax rates. In addition to tax expenses, we also will incur expenses related to our operations and we will be required to make payments under the TRA with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. Due to the uncertainty of various factors, we cannot precisely quantify the likely tax benefits we will realize as a result of LLC Unit exchanges and the resulting amounts we are likely to pay out to LLC Unitholders of Topco LLC pursuant to the TRA; however, we estimate that such payments may be substantial. Assuming no changes in the relevant tax law, and that we earn sufficient taxable income to realize all tax benefits that are subject to the TRA, we expect that future payments under the TRA relating to the purchase by the Company of LLC Units from MLSH 1 and the tax attributes to be approximately 718.2 million and to range over the next 14 years from approximately 42.3 million to 63.3 million per year and decline thereafter. Future payments in respect of subsequent exchanges or financings would be in addition to these amounts and are expected to be substantial. The foregoing numbers are estimates and the actual payments could differ materially. We expect to fund these payments using cash on hand and cash generated from operations. 
 As a result of a change of control, material breach, or our election to terminate the TRA early, (1) we could be required to make cash payments to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual benefits we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the TRA, and (2) we will be required to make an immediate cash payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the TRA, which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. In these situations, our obligations under the TRA could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination, or other changes of control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the TRA. 
 In addition to payments to be made under the TRA, we are also required to make tax distributions to MLSH 1 pursuant to the LLC Operating Agreement for the portion of income passing through to them from Topco LLC. During the years ended 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made distributions of 150.2 million and 153.5 million for tax liabilities to MLSH 1 under this agreement, respectively. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 The Credit Agreement among Intermediate, Cygnus and TriLink, as the borrowers, Topco LLC, as holdings, the lenders from time-to-time party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative and collateral agent (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement ), provides us with a term-loan facility (the Term Loan totaling 600.0 million and a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility of 180.0 million for letters of credit and loans to be used for working capital and other general corporate financing purposes. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by Topco LLC, along with the existing and future material domestic subsidiaries of Topco LLC (subject to certain exceptions) as specified in the respective guaranty agreements and are secured by a lien and security interest in substantially all of the assets of existing and future material domestic subsidiaries of Topco LLC that are loan parties. 
 In January 2022, the Company entered into an amendment (the Amendment to the Credit Agreement to: (i) refinance the existing 544.0 million aggregate principal balance on the First Lien Term Loan and to replace it with a new Tranche B Term Loan Tranche B Term Loan ), (ii) replace the LIBOR-based interest rate with a Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR based rate, and (iii) reduce the interest rate margins applicable to the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facilities under the Credit Agreement. The previous interest rate margin on the facilities was, with respect to each LIBOR-based loan, 3.75 to 4.25 and, with respect to each base rate-based loan, 2.75 to 3.25 (depending, in each case, on consolidated first lien leverage). Following the Amendment, the interest rate margin on the facilities is 3.00 , with respect to each Term SOFR-based loan, and 2.00 , with respect to each base rate-based loan. Further, the Amendment reduced the base rate floor for the term loans from 2.00 to 1.50 , sets the floor for Term SOFR-based term loans at 0.50 and sets the floor for Term SOFR-based revolving loans at 0.00 . No other significant terms under the Credit Agreement were changed in connection with the Amendment. 
 The Base Rate is defined in the Credit Agreement as the greatest of (i) the rate last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States, (ii) the NYFRB Rate plus 0.50 per annum, (iii) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month interest period plus 1.00 per annum, (iv) solely with respect to the Tranche B Term Loans, 1.50 per annum and (v) for any loans that are not Tranche B Term Loans, 1.00 per annum. The Term SOFR Rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, means with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Borrowing and for any other tenor comparable to the applicable interest period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable interest period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator; provided that in no event shall the Term SOFR Rate for any interest period (i) for Tranche B Term Loans be less than 0.50 or (ii) for any other Loans, be less than 0.00 . 
 The Tranche B Term Loan became repayable in quarterly payments of 1.4 million beginning in March 2022, with all remaining outstanding principal due in October 2027. The Tranche B Term Loan includes prepayment provisions that allow us, at our option, to repay all or a portion of the principal amount at any time. The Revolving Credit Facility allows us to repay and borrow from time to time until October 2025, at which time all amounts borrowed must be repaid. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, we are required to repay borrowings under the Tranche B Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility with the proceeds of certain occurrences, such as the incurrence of debt, certain equity contributions and certain asset sales or dispositions. 
 Commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Credit Agreement requires that we make mandatory prepayments on the Term Loan principal out of certain excess cash flow, subject to certain step-downs based on the Company s first lien net leverage ratio. The mandatory prepayment shall be reduced to 25 or 0 of the calculated excess cash flow if the first lien net leverage ratio was equal to or less than 4.75:1.00 or 4.25:1.00, respectively; however, no prepayment is required to the extent excess cash flow calculated for the respective period is equal to or less than 10.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, our first lien net leverage ratio was less than 4.25:1.00. Thus, a prepayment was not required. 
 Accrued interest under the Credit Agreement is payable by us (a) quarterly in arrears with respect to Base Rate loans, (b) at the end of each interest rate period (or at each three-month interval in the case of loans with interest periods greater than three months) with respect to Term SOFR Rate loans, (c) on the date of any repayment or prepayment and (d) at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise). An annual commitment fee is applied to the daily unutilized amount under the Revolving Credit Facility at 0.375 per annum, with one stepdown to 0.25 per annum based on Intermediate s first lien net leverage ratio. 
 Debt Covenants 
 The Credit Agreement includes financial covenants. One financial covenant is a consolidated first lien coverage ratio measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. Another requires that, if as of the end of any fiscal quarter the aggregate amount of 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 letters of credit obligations and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility outstanding as of the end of such fiscal quarter (excluding cash collateralized letters of credit obligations and letter of credit obligations in an aggregate amount not in excess of 5.0 million at any time outstanding and for the first four fiscal quarters ending after October 2020, borrowings of revolving credit loans made before October 2020) exceeds 35 of the aggregate amount of all Revolving Credit Commitments in effect as of such date, then the net leverage ratio of Intermediate may not be greater than 8.00 to 1.00. For purposes of this covenant, the net leverage ratio is calculated by dividing outstanding first lien indebtedness (net of cash) by Adjusted EBITDA over the preceding four fiscal quarters. 
 The Credit Agreement also contains negative and affirmative covenants in addition to the financial covenant, including covenants that restrict our ability to, among other things, incur or prepay certain indebtedness, pay dividends or distributions, dispose of assets, engage in mergers and consolidations, make acquisitions or other investments, and make changes in the nature of the business. The Credit Agreement contains certain events of default, including, without limitation, nonpayment of principal, interest or other obligations, violation of the covenants, insolvency, court ordered judgments and certain changes of control. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to provide audited consolidated financial statements to the lenders no later than 120 days after year-end. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 As of December 31, 2022, interest rate on the Term Loan was 6.96 . 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 We are a party to the TRA with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. The TRA provides for the payment by us to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, collectively, of 85 of the amount of certain tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of the Organizational Transactions, IPO and any subsequent purchases or exchanges of LLC Units of Topco LLC. Based on our current projections of taxable income, and before deduction of any specially allocated depreciation and amortization, we anticipate having enough taxable income to utilize most of these tax benefits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our liability under the TRA was 718.2 million, representing 85 of the calculated tax savings we anticipated being able to utilize in future years. We may record additional liabilities under the TRA when LLC Units are exchanged in the future and as our estimates of the future utilization of the Tax Attributes, net operating losses and other tax benefits change. We expect to make payments under the TRA, to the extent they are required, within 125 days after the extended due date of our U.S. federal income tax return for such taxable year. Interest on such payments will begin to accrue from the due date (without extensions) of such tax return at a rate of LIBOR (or, if LIBOR ceases to be published, a replacement rate) plus 100 basis points. Generally. any late payments will continue to accrue interest at LIBOR (or a replacement rate, as applicable) plus 500 basis points until such payments are made. 
 The payment obligations under the TRA are obligations of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. and not of Topco LLC. Although the actual timing and amount of any payments that may be made under the TRA will vary, we expect that the aggregate payments that we will be required to make to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 will be substantial. Any payments made by us under the TRA will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us or to Topco LLC and, to the extent that we are unable to make payments under the TRA for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us. We anticipate funding ordinary course payments under the TRA from cash flow from operations of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries, available cash and/or available borrowings under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 535,977 368,570 Investing activities (267,612) 105,655 Financing activities (187,499) (159,049) Effects of exchange rate changes on cash (88) Net increase in cash 80,866 315,088 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 536.0 million, which was primarily attributable to a net income of 490.7 million, non-cash depreciation and amortization of 31.8 million, amortization of right-of-use assets of 6.3 million, non-cash amortization of deferred financing costs of 2.8 million, non-cash equity-based compensation of 18.7 million, non-cash deferred income taxes of 42.3 million, and non-cash loss on the revaluation of liabilities under the TRA of 4.1 million. These were partially offset by a non-cash gain on the change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration of 7.8 million, and a net cash outflow from the change in our operating assets and liabilities of 45.1 million, which is net of government funding of 17.0 million. The net cash outflow from the change in our operating assets includes 13.4 million relating to an increase in prepaid lease payments for Flanders I (as defined in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements). 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 368.6 million, which was primarily attributable to a net income of 469.3 million, non-cash depreciation and amortization of 24.8 million, non-cash amortization of right-of-use assets of 8.8 million, non-cash amortization of deferred financing costs of 2.7 million, non-cash equity-based compensation of 10.5 million, and non-cash deferred income taxes of 46.9 million, partially offset by a non-cash gain on sale of business of 11.2 million, non-cash gain on the revaluation of liabilities under the TRA of 6.1 million, and a net cash outflow from the change in our operating assets and liabilities of 176.6 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 267.6 million, which was primarily comprised of 239.0 million for the net cash consideration paid for the acquisition of MyChem, net cash outflows of 17.1 million for property and equipment purchases, and 13.3 million of prepaid lease payments for Flanders II (as defined in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements). 
 Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 105.7 million, which was primarily comprised of net cash receipts of 120.0 million from the sale of Vector. This was partially offset by net cash outflows of 14.9 million for property and equipment purchases. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 187.5 million, which was primarily attributable to 150.2 million of distributions for tax liabilities to non-controlling interest holders, required pursuant to the terms of the LLC Operating Agreement, 34.2 million of payments to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 pursuant to the TRA, and 13.9 million of principal repayments of long-term debt. This was partially offset by proceeds from borrowings of long-term debt of 8.5 million. 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 159.0 million, which was primarily attributable to 153.5 million of distributions for tax liabilities to non-controlling interest holders and 6.0 million of principal repayments of long-term debt. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 46.9 million, which is net of government funding of 18.1 million. Capital expenditures, including costs incurred for lessor improvements, for the year ending December 31, 2023 are projected to be in the range of 55.0 million to 65.0 million, which is net of anticipated government funding of 4.3 million. This primarily includes new facility construction costs recorded as prepaid lease payments and equipment purchases for the Flanders San Diego Facility. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Payments due by period Total 1 year 2 - 3 years 4 - 5 years 5+ years Operating leases (1) 
 71,370 9,886 20,690 17,414 23,380 Debt obligations (2) 
 538,560 5,440 10,880 522,240 TRA payments (3) 
 718,210 42,254 86,143 88,831 500,982 Unconditional purchase obligations (4) 
 3,000 3,000 Consideration payable (5) 
 10,000 10,000 Other commitments (6) 
 37,082 2,564 6,754 7,166 20,598 Total 1,378,222 73,144 124,467 635,651 544,960 
 _______________ 
 (1) Represents operating lease payment obligations, excluding any renewal options we are reasonably certain to execute and have recognized as lease liabilities. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 (2) Represents long-term debt principal maturities, excluding interest. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 (3) Reflects the estimated timing of TRA payments as of December 31, 2022. Such payments could be due later than estimated depending on the timing of our use of the underlying tax attributes. See "Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure" and Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our liability under the TRA. 
 (4) Represents firm purchase commitments to our suppliers. 
 (5) Represents an additional amount we may be required to pay to the sellers of MyChem subject to the completion of certain calculations associated with acquired inventory. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 (6) Represents the estimated timing and amounts of lease payments for the Flanders San Diego Facility that is under construction. 
 Tax distributions are required under the terms of the Topco LLC Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we have made tax distributions equal to the estimated obligation due for 2022. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding tax distributions. 
 Commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Credit Agreement requires mandatory prepayments of the Term Loan principal upon certain excess cash flow, subject to certain step-downs based on our first lien net leverage ratio. The mandatory prepayment shall be reduced to 25 or 0 of the calculated excess cash flow if the first lien net leverage ratio was equal to or less than 4.75:1.00 or 4.25:1.00, respectively; however, no prepayment shall be required to the extent excess cash flow calculated for the respective period is equal to or less than 10.0 million.. As of December 31, 2022, our first lien net leverage ratio was less than 4.25:1.00. 
 In connection with our acquisition of MyChem, we may be required to make certain payments to its sellers. We may be required to make additional payments of up to 40.0 million to the sellers of MyChem dependent upon meeting or exceeding defined revenue targets during fiscal 2022. We may also be required to make certain payments of 20.0 million to them as of the second anniversary of the closing of the acquisition date as long as the sellers of MyChem continue to be employed by TriLink. We cannot, at this time, determine when or if the related targets will be achieved or whether the events triggering the commencement of payment obligations will occur. Therefore, such payments were not included in the table above. See Notes 2 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We have prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Our preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such difference may be material. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. We believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, which require subjective and complex judgments. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. We are the controlling member of Topco, LLC, which has been, and will continue to be, treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. Topco LLC s subsidiaries are treated as pass-through entities for federal and state income tax purposes. The income or loss generated by these entities is not taxed at the LLC level. As required by U.S. tax law, income or loss generated by these LLCs passes through to their owners. As such, our tax provision consists solely of the activities of Maravai Inc. and its subsidiaries prior to their disposal, as well as our share of income generated by Topco LLC. We anticipate this structure to remain in existence for the foreseeable future. 
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method of accounting. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which we expect to recover or settle those temporary differences. We recognize the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. We reduce the measurement of a deferred tax asset, if necessary, by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that we will not realize some or all of the deferred tax asset. 
 The realizability of the Company s deferred tax asset related to its investment in Topco LLC depends on the Company receiving allocations of tax deductions for its tax basis in the investment and on the Company generating sufficient taxable income to fully offset such deductions. We believe it is more likely than not that the Company will generate sufficient taxable income in the future to fully realize any deductions allocated to it from Topco LLC associated with the reversal of its tax basis as of December 31, 2022. However, a portion of the deferred tax asset may only be realizable through the sale or liquidation of the investment and our ability to generate sufficient capital gains. As such, a valuation allowance of 23.8 million has been recorded as of December 31, 2022 to reflect the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to not be realized. 
 We account for uncertain tax positions by recognizing the financial statement effects of a tax position only when, based upon technical merits, it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination. 
 Significant judgment is required in determining the accounting for income taxes. In the ordinary course of business, many transactions and calculations arise where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Our judgments, assumptions and estimates relative to the accounting for income taxes take into account current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax laws, and possible outcomes of future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities. Although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the final tax outcome of matters could be different from our assumptions and estimates used when determining the accounting for income taxes. Such differences, if identified in future periods, could have a material effect on the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Payable to Related Parties Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement 
 In November 2020, we entered into a TRA with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. The TRA provides for the payment by us to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, collectively, of 85 of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize from exchanges of LLC Units (together with the corresponding share of Class B Common stock), as a result of (i) certain increases in the tax basis of assets of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries resulting from purchases or exchanges of LLC Units, (ii) increase in the tax basis of assets of Topco LLC received form LLC Units held by entities acquired from MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 in connection with the Organizational Transactions the Blocker Entities ), Topco LLC and subsidiaries of Topco LLC that existed prior to this offering and (iii) certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the TRA, including tax benefits attributable to payments that we make under the TRA (collectively, the Tax Attributes ). The payment obligations under the TRA are not conditioned upon any LLC Unitholder maintaining a continued ownership interest in us or Topco LLC and the rights of MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 under the TRA are assignable. We expect to benefit from the remaining 15 of the tax benefits, if any, that we may actually realize. 
 We accrue a liability for the payable to related parties for the TRA and a reduction to stockholders equity, when it is deemed probable that the Tax Attributes will be used to reduce our taxable income, as the contractual percentage of the benefit of Tax Attributes that we expected to receive over a period of time. The current portion, if any, of the liability is the amount estimated to be paid within one year of the balance sheet date. For purposes of estimating the value of the payable to related parties for the TRA, the tax benefit deemed realized by us and payable to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 is computed by taking 85 of the difference between undiscounted forecasted cash income tax liability over the term of benefit of the Tax Attributes and the forecasted amount of such taxes that we would have been required to pay had there been no Tax Attributes (i.e. a with-and-without analysis); provided that, for purposes of determining the tax benefit with respect to state and local income taxes, use simplifying assumptions. The TRA will generally apply to each of our taxable years, beginning with the taxable year that the TRA is entered into. There is no maximum term for the TRA and the TRA will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless we exercise our right to terminate the TRA for an agreed-upon amount equal to the estimated present value of the remaining payments to be made under the agreement (calculated with certain assumptions, including as to utilization of the 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Attributes). We may record additional liabilities under the TRA when LLC Units of Topco LLC are exchanged in the future and as our estimates of the future utilization of the tax benefits change. If, due to a change in facts, these tax attributes are not utilized in future years, it is reasonably possible no amounts would be paid under the TRA. In this scenario, the reduction of the liability under the TRA would result in a benefit to our consolidated statements of income. Subsequent adjustments to the payable to related parties for the TRA based on changes in anticipated future taxable income, which could include changes in estimated income allocated to the partners of Topco LLC or apportionment of state income taxes, are recorded in our consolidated statements of income. 
 The actual Tax Attributes, as well as any amounts paid to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 under the TRA, will vary depending on a number of factors, including: 
 the timing of any future exchanges for instance, the increase in any tax deductions will vary depending on the fair value, which may fluctuate over time, of the depreciable or amortizable assets of Topco LLC and its flow-through subsidiaries at the time of each exchange; 
 the price of shares of our Class A common stock at the time of any future exchanges the increases and adjustments in our proportionate share of the existing tax basis of the assets of Topco LLC and its flow-through subsidiaries that are directly related to the price of shares of our Class A common stock at the time of future exchanges; 
 the extent to which such exchanges are taxable if an exchange is not taxable for any reason, increased tax deductions as a result of legacy IRC Section 754 election in place at Topco LLC will not be available to generate payments under the TRA; 
 the amount and timing of our income the TRA generally will require us to pay 85 of the tax benefits as and when those benefits are treated as realized by us under the terms of the TRA. If we do not have taxable income in a particular taxable year, we generally will not be required (absent a change of control or other circumstances requiring an early termination payment) to make payments under the TRA for that taxable year because no tax benefits will have been actually realized. Nevertheless, any tax benefits that do not result in realized tax benefits in a given taxable year will likely generate tax attributes that may be utilized to generate tax benefits in future (and possibly previous) taxable years. The utilization of any such tax attributes will result in payments under the TRA; and 
 applicable tax rates the tax rates in effect at the time a tax benefit is recognized. 
 The payment obligations under the TRA are obligations of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. and not of Topco LLC. Although the actual timing and amount of any payments that may be made under the TRA will vary, we expect that the aggregate payments that we will be required to make to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 will be substantial. Any payments made by us under the TRA will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us or to Topco LLC and, to the extent that we are unable to make payments under the TRA for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us. We anticipate funding ordinary course payments under the TRA from cash flow from operations of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries, available cash and/or available borrowings under the Credit Agreement. 
 Assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law, and that we earn sufficient taxable income to realize all tax benefits that are subject to the TRA, we expect that future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement relating to the purchase by us of LLC Units from MLSH 1 in connection with our prior offering and subsequent exchanges and financing, to be approximately 718.2 million and to range over the next 14 years from approximately 42.3 million to 63.3 million per year and decline thereafter. Future payments in respect of subsequent exchanges or financing would be in addition to these amounts and are expected to be substantial. The foregoing numbers are estimates and actual payments could differ materially. It is possible that future transactions or events could increase or decrease the actual tax benefits realized and the corresponding TRA payments. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if, as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise, the payments under the TRA exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the TRA and/or distributions to us by Topco LLC are not sufficient to permit us to make payments under the TRA after we have paid taxes. 
 The term of the TRA commenced upon the completion of our IPO and will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expire, unless we exercise our rights to terminate the agreements or payments under the agreements are accelerated in the event we materially breach any of our material obligations under the agreements. 
 Recognition of Intangible Assets as Part of a Business Combination 
 For acquisitions of businesses, we are required to record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of acquired businesses at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The purchase price, which includes the fair value of consideration transferred, is attributed to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The excess of the purchase price of the acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the acquiree is recorded as goodwill. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Determining the fair value of intangible assets acquired, defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between willing market participants, requires management to use significant judgment, including the selection of valuation methodologies, assumptions about future net cash flows, and discount rates. Each of these factors can significantly affect the value attributed to the identifiable intangible asset acquired in a business combination. 
 We typically use the discounted cash flow method under the income approach to estimate the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination. For the acquisition of MyChem, LLC, the estimated fair value of the developed technology intangible asset was based on the multi-period excess earnings method. The estimated fair value was developed by discounting future net cash flows to their present value at market-based rates of return. We selected the assumptions used in the financial forecasts using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions, estimated revenue growth rates, management s plans, and guideline companies. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in estimating the fair value of this intangible asset included revenue growth rates ranging from 3.0 to 30.6 , technical obsolescent curves ranging from 5.0 to 7.5 , and a discount rate of 16.5 . 
 The use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value and amounts allocated to identifiable intangible assets acquired and future amortization expense as well as goodwill. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards and pronouncements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, our primary exposure to interest rate risk was associated with our variable rate long-term debt. Borrowings under our Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to the Base Rate plus a margin of 2.00 , with respect to each Base Rate-based loan, or the Term SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) plus a margin of 3.00 with respect to each Term SOFR-based loan, subject in each case to an applicable Base Rate or Term SOFR floor (see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements). Interest rates can fluctuate for a number of reasons, including changes in the fiscal and monetary policies or geopolitical events or changes in general economic conditions. This could adversely affect our cash flows. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have an interest rate cap agreement in place to hedge a portion of our variable interest rate risk on our outstanding long-term debt. The agreement has a contract notional amount of 500.0 million and entitles us to receive from the counterparty at each calendar quarter end the amount, if any, by which a specified floating market rate exceeds the cap strike interest rate. The floating interest rate is reset at the end of each three-month period. The contract expires on January 19, 2025. 
 We had 538.6 million of outstanding borrowings under our Tranche B Term Loan and no outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the effect of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in overall interest rates would have changed our interest expense by approximately 5.5 million. 
 We had cash of 632.1 million as of December 31, 2022. Our cash is held in demand deposits and is not subject to market risk. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 All of our revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars. Although approximately 61.6 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was derived from international sales, primarily in Europe and Asia Pacific, none of these sales are denominated in local currency. The majority of our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which they are incurred, which is primarily in the United States. As we expand our presence in international markets, to the extent we are required to enter into agreements denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, results of operations and cash flows may increasingly be subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. To date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in currency rates. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 82 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 85 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 86 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders /Member s Equity 
 87 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 90 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 92 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders / member s equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Payable to related parties pursuant to a Tax Receivable Agreement 
 Description of the Matter 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 14 of the December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded a 718.2 million payable to related parties pursuant to a Tax Receivable Agreement (TRA). The TRA liability represents the amount the Company estimates to pay to the counterparties to the TRA that are former owners of the Company who are related parties (pre-IPO owners). The liability is computed as 85 of the estimated cash tax savings to be received by the Company from utilizing the positive tax attributes contributed by pre-IPO owners. 
 Auditing management s accounting for the TRA liability is complex because of the application of the tax laws used to determine the tax basis upon which to calculate the corresponding TRA liability. These factors involved subjective auditor judgment and audit effort in performing procedures and evaluating the appropriateness of the calculation of the tax basis. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained from these procedures. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 Our audit procedures included, among others, testing the information used in the calculation of the TRA liability, and the involvement of professionals with specialized skills and knowledge to assist in (i) developing an independent calculation of the tax basis, (ii) comparing the independent calculation to management s calculations to evaluate the reasonableness of the tax basis, and (iii) assessing management s application of the tax laws. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

February 28, 2023 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except par value) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Government funding receivable Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Current portion of payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, less current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 
 Stockholders equity: Class A common stock, par value - shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value - shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total stockholders equity attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. Non-controlling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share and per unit amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Operating expenses: Cost of revenue Selling, general and administrative Research and development Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration ) Gain on sale of business ) Gain on sale and leaseback transaction ) Total operating expenses Income from operations Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Change in payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement ) Other (expense) income ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) Net income attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. Net income per Class A common share/unit attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc.: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of Class A common shares/units outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests ) Total comprehensive income attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS /MEMBER S EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Member s Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest Total Stockholders /Member s Equity December 31, 2019 ) Activity prior to initial public offering ("IPO") and related Organizational Transactions: Repurchase of MLSC Holdings, LLC ("MLSC") incentive units ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests holders ) ) Unit-based compensation Net income Purchase of non-controlling interests in MLSC ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Effects of the IPO and related Organizational Transactions: Effects of Organizational Transactions ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock in connection with the IPO, net of issuance costs of 
 Acquisition of preexisting LLC Units from MLSH 1 ) ) ) ) Non-controlling interest adjustment for purchase of LLC Units from Topco LLC with proceeds from IPO ) ) Repurchase and retirement of Class A common from MLSH 2 ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) Recognition of impact of entering into Tax Receivable Agreement Activity subsequent to the initial public offering and related Organizational Transactions: Equity-based compensation 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Member s Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest Total Stockholders /Member s Equity Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment Tax distribution to non-controlling interest holder ) ) December 31, 2020 ) Cumulative effect of adoption of ASC 842, net of tax Effect of exchanges of LLC Units ) ) ) Recognition of impact of Tax Receivable Agreement due to exchanges of LLC Units Issuance of Class A common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes Impact of cash contribution to Topco LLC, exchange and forfeiture of LLC Units, and forfeiture of Class B common stock by MLSH 1 ) ) ) Non-controlling interest adjustment for changes in proportionate ownership in Topco LLC ) Stock-based compensation Distribution for tax liabilities to non-controlling interest holder ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment December 31, 2021 Issuance of Class A common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes Non-controlling interest adjustment for changes in proportionate ownership in Topco LLC ) Stock-based compensation 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Member s Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest Total Stockholders /Member s Equity Distribution for tax liabilities to non-controlling interest holder ) ) Impact of change to deferred tax asset associated with cash contribution to Topco LLC ) ) Net income December 31, 2022 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of right-of-use assets Amortization of deferred financing costs Equity-based compensation expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Deferred income taxes ) Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration ) Gain on sale of business ) Gain on sale and leaseback transaction ) Acquired and in-process research and development costs Financing costs incurred for line of credit ) Revaluation of liabilities under the Tax Receivable Agreement ) Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Government funding receivable Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from government assistance allocated to property and equipment 
 Prepaid lease payments on finance lease yet to commence ) Proceeds from sale of building Proceeds from sale of business, net of cash divested Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing activities: Distributions to non-controlling interests holders ) ) ) Proceeds from borrowings of long-term debt, net of discount Financing costs incurred for long-term debt ) Repurchase of incentive units ) Principal repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Payments made on facility financing lease obligation and capital lease ) 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Payments to MLSH 1 pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement ) ) Payments to MLSH 2 pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement ) ) Payment for non-controlling interests in MLSC ) Payment to MLSH 2 for Blocker Mergers ) Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock sold in IPO, net of offering costs Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock sold to MLSH 1 Purchase of LLC Units from MLSH 1 ) Repurchase of Class A common stock from MLSH 2 ) Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effects of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net increase in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities: Property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Financing cost deducted from long-term debt proceeds Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Building and improvements capitalized under lease financing transaction Fair value of contingent consideration liability recorded in connection with acquisition of a business Accrued consideration payable for MyChem acquisition Exchange of units for MLSC non-controlling interests Exchange of Class A common stock for the Blocker Mergers Recognition of deferred tax assets from Organizational Transactions, subsequent exchanges and cash contribution Recognition of liabilities under the Tax Receivable Agreement IPO issuance costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Receivable from lessor funded financing 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 principal businesses: Nucleic Acid Production, Biologics Safety Testing and Protein Detection. In September 2021, the Company completed the divestiture of its Protein Detection business (see Note 2). Our Nucleic Acid Production business manufactures and sells products used in the fields of gene therapy, vaccines, nucleoside chemistry, oligonucleotide therapy and molecular diagnostics, including reagents used in the chemical synthesis, modification, labelling and purification of deoxyribonucleic acid DNA and ribonucleic acid RNA ). Our core Nucleic Acid Production offerings include messenger ribonucleic acid mRNA ), long and short oligonucleotides, our proprietary CleanCap capping technology and oligonucleotide building blocks. Our Biologics Safety Testing business sells highly specialized analytical products for use in biologic manufacturing process development, including custom product-specific development antibody and assay development services. Our Protein Detection business sold innovative labeling and detection reagents for researchers in immunohistochemistry. 
 Organization 
 We were incorporated as a Delaware corporation in August 2020 for the purpose of facilitating an initial public offering IPO ). Immediately prior to the IPO, we effected a series of organizational transactions (the Organizational Transactions as discussed in Note 10, which, together with the IPO, were completed in November 2020, that resulted in the Company operating, controlling all of the business affairs and becoming the ultimate parent company of Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC Topco LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries. Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC MLSH 1 ), which is controlled by investment entities affiliated with GTCR, LLC GTCR ), is the only other member of Topco LLC. 
 The Company is the sole managing member of Topco LLC, which operates and controls TriLink Biotechnologies, LLC TriLink ), Glen Research, LLC, MockV Solutions, LLC and Cygnus Technologies, LLC Cygnus and their respective subsidiaries. Prior to the Company s divestiture of its Protein Detection business in September 2021, Topco LLC also operated and controlled Vector Laboratories, Inc. and its subsidiaries Vector ). 
 92 

Table of Contents 

93 

Table of Contents 

 contract asset balances as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Total contract liabilities were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contract liabilities are expected to be recognized into revenue within the next twelve months. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Europe, the Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Latin and Central America Total revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Nucleic Acid Production Biologics Safety Testing Protein Detection Total North America Europe, the Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Latin and Central America Total revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Nucleic Acid Production Biologics Safety Testing Protein Detection Total North America Europe, the Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Latin and Central America Total revenue 
 Total revenue is attributed to geographic regions based on the bill-to location of the transaction. For all periods presented, the majority of our revenue was recognized at a point in time. 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Advertising costs incurred were approximately million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 . We account for forfeitures as they occur. Stock-based compensation is classified in the accompanying consolidated statements of income based on the function to which the related services are provided. 
 The Company estimates the fair value of stock option grants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The assumptions used in estimating the fair value of these awards, such as expected term, expected dividend yield, volatility and risk-free interest rate, represent management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. If actual results are not consistent with the Company s assumptions and judgments used in making these estimates, the Company may be required to increase or decrease compensation expense, which could be material to the Company s consolidated results of operations. 
 The fair value of restricted stock units RSUs is determined based on the number of shares granted and the quoted market price of the Company s Class A common stock on the date of grant. 
 For performance stock units PSUs which are subject to service and market conditions, compensation expense is measured based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant and expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period regardless if the market condition is satisfied. If the grantee is terminated prior to meeting both conditions, any previously recognized expense is reversed. The Company estimates the fair value of PSUs using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The assumptions used in estimating the fair value of these awards, such as expected term, volatility and risk-free interest rate, represent management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. 
 Unit-Based Compensation 
 Up until the IPO, MLSH 1 had granted unit-based awards to certain executives of Topco LLC who are also executives of the Company in the form of non-vested units. Topco LLC s controlled subsidiary, MLSC, also granted unit-based awards only to certain employees of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Incentive Units ). All awards of Incentive Units were measured based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant. The Company recognizes compensation expense for MLSH 1 awards in its consolidated financial statements as MLSH 1 is considered to be the economic interest holder in Topco LLC. Compensation expense for the Incentive Units is recognized over their requisite service period. Forfeitures are recognized when they occur. 
 The grant date fair value of Incentive Unit awards was determined by the Company s Board of Directors with the assistance of management and an independent third-party valuation specialist. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

Payables to Related Parties Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement 
 In November 2020, we entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement TRA with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. The TRA provides for the payment by us to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, collectively, of of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize from exchanges of LLC Units (together with the corresponding shares of Class B common stock) for Class A common stock, as a result of (i) certain increases in the tax basis of assets of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries resulting from purchases or exchanges of LLC Units, (ii) certain tax attributes of the Organization Transactions and (iii) certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the TRA, including tax benefits attributable to payments that we make under the TRA (collectively, the Tax Attributes ). The payment obligations under the TRA are not conditioned upon any LLC Unitholder maintaining a continued ownership interest in us or Topco LLC and the rights of MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 under the TRA are assignable. We expect to benefit from the remaining of the tax benefits, if any, that we may actually realize. 
 of the difference of between our undiscounted forecasted cash income tax liability over the term of benefit of the Tax Attributes and the forecasted amount of such taxes that we would have been required to pay had there been no Tax Attributes. The TRA applies to each of our taxable years, beginning with the taxable year that the TRA is entered into. There is no maximum term for the TRA and the TRA will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless we exercise our right to terminate the TRA for an agreed-upon amount equal to the estimated present value of the remaining payments to be made under the agreement. We may record additional liabilities under the TRA when LLC Units of Topco LLC are exchanged in the future and as our estimates of the future utilization of the tax benefits change. If, due to a change in facts, these tax attributes are not utilized in future years, it is reasonably possible no amounts would be paid under the TRA. In this scenario, the reduction of the liability under the TRA would result in a benefit to our consolidated statements of income. Subsequent adjustments to the payable to related parties for the TRA based on changes in anticipated future taxable income are recorded in our consolidated statements of income. 
 ownership interest in MLSC Holdings, LLC MLSC through its consolidated subsidiaries with the remaining being recorded as non-controlling interests in our consolidated financial statements . MLSC net income or loss was attributed to the non-controlling interests using an attribution method, similar to the hypothetical liquidation at book value method, based on the distribution provisions of the MLSC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement MLSC LLC Agreement ). In November 2020, and before the closing of the IPO, Topco LLC repurchased all of the outstanding non-controlling interests in MLSC for million (see Note 13) . 
 In November 2020, following the completion of the Organizational Transactions, we became the sole managing member of Topco LLC. As of December 31, 2022 , we held approximately of the outstanding LLC Units of Topco LLC, and MLSH 1 held approximately of the outstanding LLC Units of Topco LLC. Therefore, we report non-controlling interests based on the percentage of LLC Units of Topco LLC held by MLSH 1 on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Income or loss attributed to the non-controlling interest in Topco 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 -for-one basis or, at our election, for cash, from a substantially concurrent public offering or private sale (based on the price of our Class A common stock in such public offering or private sale). As such, future exchanges of Paired Interests by MLSH 1 will result in a change in ownership and reduce or increase the amount recorded as non-controlling interests and increase or decrease additional paid-in-capital when Topco LLC has positive or negative net assets, respectively. 
 reportable segments. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the Company s chief operating decision maker CODM in deciding how to allocate resources and assessing performance. The CODM allocates resources and assesses performance based upon discrete financial information at the segment level. All of our long-lived assets are located in the United States. After the divestiture of Vector in September 2021, the Company no longer has the Protein Detection segment. The Company has reported the historical results of the Protein Detection business as such discrete financial information evaluated by the CODM for the periods presented included the information for this legacy segment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company operated in reportable segments: Nucleic Acid Production and Biologics Safety Testing. 
 million and million, respectively. Write-offs of accounts receivable and recoveries were not significant during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

years 
 Furniture, fixtures, equipment and software - years 

99 

Table of Contents 

 100 

Table of Contents 

101 

Table of Contents 

 Pfizer Inc. CureVac N.V. Nacalai USA, Inc. 
 ____________________ 
 Less than 10 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, substantially all of the revenue recorded for BioNTech SE, Pfizer Inc., and CureVac N.V. was generated by our Nucleic Acid Production segment. For the year ended December 31, 2021, substantially all of the revenue recorded for BioNTech SE, Pfizer Inc. and CureVac N.V. was generated by our Nucleic Acid Production segment. For the year ended December 31, 2020, substantially all of the revenue recorded for BioNTech SE and Pfizer Inc. was generated by our Nucleic Acid Production segment. 

102 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 million, which is inclusive of net working capital adjustments. The total cash consideration was paid using existing cash on hand. The transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a business as MyChem consisted of inputs and processes applied to those inputs that had the ability to contribute to the creation of outputs. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred million in transaction costs associated with the acquisition of MyChem, which were recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Consideration payable Fair value of contingent consideration Total consideration transferred 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Represents cash consideration paid at closing of million and a purchase price adjustment paid in November 2022 of million. 
 Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (the MyChem SPA between the Company and sellers of MyChem, additional payments to the sellers of MyChem are dependent upon meeting or exceeding defined revenue targets during fiscal 2022 (the Performance Payment ). The MyChem SPA provides for a total maximum Performance Payment of million. The MyChem SPA also provides that the Company will pay to the sellers of MyChem an additional million (the Retention Payment as of the second anniversary of the closing of the acquisition date as long as two senior employees who are also the sellers of MyChem continue to be employed by TriLink. The Company considers the payment of the Retention Payment as probable and is recognizing compensation expense related to this payment in the post-acquisition period ratably over the expected service period of . The MyChem SPA further provides that the Company will pay to the sellers of MyChem an additional amount of up to million subject to the completion of certain calculations associated with acquired inventory, which has been recorded within accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The Performance Payment was recorded as contingent consideration and was included as part of the purchase consideration. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of compensation expense related to the Retention Payment within research and development expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 The Company estimated the fair value of the Performance Payment contingent consideration based on a Monte-Carlo simulation model which utilized an income approach. The estimated fair value was based on MyChem revenue projections, expected payout term, volatility and risk adjusted discount rates which are Level 3 inputs (see Note 4). 
 As the Company is in the process of finalizing the evaluation of certain liabilities and assets, the allocation of purchase consideration is preliminary, and provisional measurements of certain liabilities and goodwill are subject to change. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Current assets Intangible assets, net Other assets Total identifiable assets acquired Current liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill Net assets acquired 
 We recorded the preliminary purchase price allocation in the first quarter of 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded measurement period adjustments resulting in an increase to goodwill of million and a decrease to other assets and current liabilities of million. 
 The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting, and therefore, the total purchase price was allocated to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. Purchase consideration in excess of the amounts recognized for the net assets acquired was recognized as goodwill. Goodwill is primarily attributable to expanded synergies expected from the acquisition associated with a vertical supply integration. There were no tax impacts associated with the acquisition due to the pass-through income tax treatment of MyChem. All of the goodwill acquired in connection with the acquisition of MyChem was allocated to the Company s Nucleic Acid Production segment and is deductible to Topco LLC for income tax purposes. 
 Upon closing of the acquisition, approximately million was placed into escrow to cover potential working capital adjustments and approximately million was placed into escrow to secure certain representations and warranties pursuant to the terms of the MyChem SPA. These amounts are included in the total purchase consideration of million. The Company released the million in escrow and paid out an additional million related to net working capital adjustments during the fourth quarter of 2022. Because the remaining million held in escrow is not controlled by the Company, it is not included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Developed technology Customer relationships Total 
 The trade name and customer relationship intangible assets are related to MyChem s name, customer loyalty and customer relationships. The developed technology intangible asset is related to processes and techniques for synthesizing and developing ultra-pure nucleotides. The fair value of these intangible assets was based on MyChem s projected revenues and was estimated using an income approach, specifically the multi-period excess earnings method. Under the income approach, an intangible asset s fair value is equal to the present value of future economic benefits to be derived from ownership of the asset. The estimated fair value was developed by discounting future net cash flows to their present value at market-based rates of return utilizing Level 3 inputs. The useful lives for these intangible assets were determined based upon the remaining period for which the assets were expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows. Key quantitative assumptions used in the determination of fair value of the developed technology intangible included revenue growth rates ranging from to , a discount rate of and an assumed technical obsolescent curve range of to . 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 million within other assets, which represented the seller s obligation to reimburse pre-acquisition income tax liabilities assumed in the acquisition and was recorded within other long-term liabilities. 
 The carrying value of the remaining assets acquired or liabilities assumed was estimated to equal their fair values based on their short-term nature. These estimates were based on the assumption that the Company believes to be reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 Revenue and earnings from MyChem included in the Company s consolidated statements of income since the date of acquisition were immaterial. 
 No proforma revenue or earnings information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been presented as the impact was not determined to be material to the Company s consolidated revenues and net income for the respective periods. 
 Mock V Solutions, Inc. 
 In March 2020, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of MockV Solutions, Inc. MockV ), a private entity, for million, inclusive of acquisition costs of million. The MockV technology acquired is a novel, proprietary viral clearance prediction tool that includes a non-infectious mock virus particle mimicking the physicochemical properties of live virus that may be present endogenously in the drug substance or introduced during bioproduction and will expand the Company biologics safety testing offerings. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition as the acquired set of assets and activities did not meet the definition of a business. In connection with this acquisition, the Company acquired developed technology, an in-process research and development asset IPR D ), an assembled workforce, and an insignificant amount of working capital balances. The relative fair value attributed to the acquired developed technology, assembled workforce, and working capital balances was insignificant. The IPR D acquired was allocated a value of million and the Company recognized a charge of million related to the IPR D as a component of research and development expenses on the consolidated statements of income because the technology had not yet reached technological feasibility and had no alternative future use. The Company must also make contingent cash payments (the Earn-Outs of up to million to the sellers of MockV based upon the achievement of long-term revenue targets. The Earn-Outs were determined to be contingent consideration that was not subject to derivative accounting and will be recognized when the contingency is resolved, and the consideration becomes paid or payable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no such amounts were deemed to be payable. 
 As the Company had no tax basis in the acquired IPR D asset, and the acquired IPR D asset was expensed prior to the measurement of any deferred taxes, no deferred taxes were recognized for the initial transaction. 
 In November 2020, MockV was converted into a single member LLC and was deemed liquidated for income tax purposes. 
 Divestiture 
 Vector Laboratories, Inc. 
 In August 2021, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell Vector to Voyager Group Holdings, Inc. Voyager ), a third-party unrelated to the Company, for an all cash sale price of million, subject to purchase price adjustments. The Company determined that the fair value of Vector, less estimated costs to sell, exceeded the book value of the Vector Disposal Group and there were no other indicators of asset impairment prior to the sale. The divestiture was completed in September 2021, and final net proceeds were million, which were inclusive of working capital adjustments. 
 As a result of the divestiture, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain on sale of million, net of transactions costs of million, in the consolidated statements of income. 
 The Company s Protein Detection segment was comprised of Vector. The sale of Vector represents a strategic shift as the Company will no longer be in the protein detection business after the sale. However, the sale did not qualify for presentation as discontinued operations since the sale of the Protein Detection segment did not have a major effect on the Company s operations or financial results. 
 In connection with the divestiture, the Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement TSA with Voyager to help support its ongoing operations. Under the TSA, the Company will provide certain transition services to Voyager, including information technology, finance and ERP, marketing and commercial, human resources, employee benefits, and other limited services. Depending on the service, the initial period ranges from to and the extension period ranges from to . Income from performing services under the TSA was recorded within other income in the consolidated statements of income and was not significant for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 In August 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with an executive of Vector whereby the executive received incentive units of MLSH 1. In connection with the divestiture, MLSH 1 amended this executive s incentive units resulting in the 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 million. This unit-based compensation expense was recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 3. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, represents the excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had reporting units, of which are contained in the Nucleic Acid Production segment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded goodwill of million in connection with the acquisition of MyChem that was completed in January 2022 (see Note 2). The Company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment analysis on each of its reporting units during the fourth quarter of 2022 and concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill exceeded its carrying value and no further testing was required. The Company has not recognized any goodwill impairment charges in any of the periods presented. 
 Acquisition Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis, which reflects the expected pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are being obtained, over an estimated useful life ranging from to years. 
 - 
 Patents and Developed Technology - 
 Customer Relationships - 
 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Gross 
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 Net 
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 Estimated 
 Useful 
 Life 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Amortization 
 Period 
 (in thousands) (in years) (in years) Trade Names - 
 Patents and Developed Technology - 
 Customer Relationships - 
 Total 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company recorded intangible assets of million in connection with the acquisition of MyChem that was completed in January 2022 (see Note 2). 
 The Company recognized million, million and million of amortization expense from intangible assets directly linked with revenue generating activities within cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense for intangible assets that are not directly related 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million was recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total estimated amortization expense 
 
 4. 
 
 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021 were insignificant. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 In connection with the acquisition of MyChem (see Note 2), the Company is required to make contingent payments to the sellers of up to million, subject to achieving certain revenue thresholds. The preliminary fair value of the liability for the contingent payments recognized upon the acquisition as part of the purchase accounting opening balance sheet totaled million. The preliminary fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation-based model discounted to present value. Assumptions used in this calculation are expected revenue, a discount rate of and various probability factors. The ultimate settlement of the contingent consideration could deviate from current estimates based on the actual results of these financial measures. The contingent consideration projected year of payment is 2023. This liability is considered to be a Level 3 financial liability that is remeasured each reporting period. Changes in fair value of contingent consideration are recognized as a gain or loss and recorded within change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration in the consolidated statements of income. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company recorded a million decrease in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration. This was due to a change in the estimate associated with MyChem revenue projections reaching thresholds that would trigger a contingent payment per the MyChem SPA. 
 Contingent consideration related to the acquisition of MyChem Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventory 
 Property and equipment 
 Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Software Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total Construction in-progress Total property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense totaled approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Other assets 
 Prepaid lease payments Interest rate cap Indemnification asset (see Note 2) 
 Other Total other assets 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Inventory holdback liability Accrued interest payable Lease liabilities, current portion Professional services Customer deposits Sales and use tax liability Federal tax liability Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Accrued Retention Payments (see Note 2) 
 Acquisition related tax liability (see Note 2) 
 Other Total other long-term liabilities 
 
 6. 
 million or of the construction and validation costs currently budgeted for the Flanders San Diego Facility. The contract period of performance is May 2022 through December 2023, which is the effective date of the Cooperative Agreement through the anticipated date of completion of construction and validation of manufacturing capacity. Amounts reimbursed are subject to audit and may be recaptured by the U.S. Department of Defense in certain circumstances. 
 The Cooperative Agreement requires the Company to provide the U.S. Government with conditional priority access and certain preferred pricing obligations for a period from the completion of the construction project for the production of a medical countermeasure (or a component thereof) that the Company manufactures in the Flanders San Diego Facility during a declared public health emergency. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has received million of reimbursements under the Cooperative Agreement, with offsets recorded to: (i) prepaid lease payments associated with Flanders I (as defined in Note 7) within other assets of million; and (ii) property and equipment of million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded a receivable of million, with an equal offset recorded to prepaid lease payments associated with Flanders I within other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 years. The Company does not have any leases that include residual value guarantees. 
 In July 2022, the Company entered into a facility lease agreement for additional office, warehouse and light lab space in San Diego, California. The lease term began in July 2022 and will end in September 2026. 
 In December 2022, the Company s lease for a new manufacturing facility in Leland, North Carolina commenced. The Company entered into this lease in June 2021 and construction began in November 2021. The lease is for years with the option to extend for periods. The Company is reasonably certain to execute the first renewal option and has, therefore, recognized this as part of its ROU assets and lease liabilities. The lease includes tenant improvement provisions, rent abatement, and escalating rent payments over the life of the lease. 
 The Company did not have any finance leases as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Lease liabilities, current portion Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Non-current lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities 
 Variable lease costs Total lease costs 
 The weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate related to the Company's ROU assets and lease liabilities for its operating leases were as follows as of the periods presented below: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 Supplemental information concerning the cash flow impact arising from the Company's leases recorded in the Company's consolidated statements of cash flows is detailed in the following table for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in lease liabilities: Operating cash flows used for operating leases Non-cash transactions: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has entered into million of contractually binding minimum lease payments for a lease executed but not yet commenced. This amount is excluded from the above tables and relates to the lease of the Flanders San Diego Facility, which consists of buildings Flanders I and Flanders II ). 
 
 8. 
 
 9. 
 million long-term debt with a new million facility. The Credit Agreement provides for a million term loan facility, maturing October 2027 (the Term Loan ), and a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Credit Agreement amended and restated the Company s prior credit agreement as of August 2018 (the First and Second Lien Credit Agreements ). In November 2020, the Company repaid million of principal balance of the First Lien Term Loan using proceeds from the IPO. 
 In August 2021, in conjunction with the Company s divestiture of the Protein Detection segment, the Company transferred, per the existing terms of the Credit Agreement, the portion of the Term Loan held by Vector of million to Intermediate in its entirety. This amount was not assumed by the counterpart as part of the divestiture of Vector. Total outstanding debt and loan covenant requirements remained unchanged as a result of the divestiture. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of first lien term loans initially issued thereunder (the First Lien Term Loan and to replace it with a Tranche B Term Loan (the Tranche B Term Loan (ii) replace the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR based interest rate with a Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR based rate; and (iii) reduce the interest rate margins applicable to the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility under the Credit Agreement. The previous interest rate margin on the facilities was, with respect to each LIBOR-based loan, to and, with respect to each base rate-based loan, to (depending, in each case, on consolidated first lien leverage). Following the Amendment, the interest rate margin on the facilities is , with respect to each Term SOFR-based loan, and , with respect to each base rate-based loan. Further, the Amendment reduces the base rate floor for the term loans from to , sets the floor for Term SOFR-based term loans at and sets the floor for Term SOFR-based revolving loans at . No other significant terms under the Credit Agreement were changed in connection with the Amendment. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Tranche B Term Loan was per annum. 
 The Credit Agreement also provides for a million limit for letters of credit, which remained unused as of December 31, 2022. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by Topco LLC, together with the existing and future material domestic subsidiaries of Topco LLC (subject to certain exceptions), as specified in the respective guaranty agreements. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are also secured by a first-priority lien and security interest in substantially all of the assets (subject to certain exceptions) of existing and future material domestic subsidiaries of Topco LLC that are loan parties. 
 The accounting related to entering into the Credit Agreement in October 2020 and using the proceeds to pay off the First and Second Lien Credit Agreements were evaluated on a creditor-by-creditor basis to determine whether each transaction should be accounted for as a modification or extinguishment. Certain creditors under the First and Second Lien Credit Agreements did not participate in this refinancing transaction and ceased being creditors of the Company and the repayment of their related outstanding debt balances has been accounted for as an extinguishment of debt. Proceeds of borrowings from new lenders were accounted for as a new debt financing. The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of million in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2020. For the remainder of the creditors, this transaction was accounted for as a modification because the present value of cash flows between the term loans before and after the transaction was less than 10 on a creditor-by-creditor basis. As part of the refinancing, the Company incurred million of various costs, of which million related to an original issuance discount, and were all capitalized in the accompanying balance sheet within long-term debt, and are subject to amortization over the term of the refinanced debt as an adjustment to interest expense using the effective interest method. 
 The accounting related to entering into the Amendment in January 2022 was evaluated on a creditor-by-creditor basis to determine whether each transaction should be accounted for as a modification or extinguishment. Certain creditors under the First Lien Term Loan did not participate in this refinancing transaction, were repaid their principal and interest of million and ceased being creditors of the Company and the repayment of their related outstanding debt balances has been accounted for as an extinguishment of debt. Proceeds of borrowings from new lenders of million were accounted for as a new debt financing. The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of million in the accompanying consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the remainder of the creditors, this transaction was accounted for as a modification because the change in present value of cash flows between the term loans before and after the transaction was less than 10 on a creditor-by-creditor basis. As part of the refinancing, the Company incurred million of various costs, of which an insignificant amount was related to an original issuance discount, and were all capitalized in the accompanying balance sheet within long-term debt and are subject to amortization over the term of the refinanced debt as an adjustment to interest expense using the effective interest method. 
 We also incurred million and million of financing-related fees related to the Revolving Credit Facility in connection with the debt refinancing activities in October 2020 and January 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, unamortized debt issuance costs totaled million and are recorded as assets within other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as there is balance outstanding related to the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Credit Agreement requires mandatory prepayments on the Term Loan principal upon certain excess cash flow, subject to certain step-downs based on the Company s first lien net leverage ratio. The excess cash flow shall be reduced to or if the first lien net leverage ratio was equal to or less than :1.00 or :1.00, respectively, however, no prepayment shall be required to the extent excess cash flow calculated for such period is equal to or less than million. As of December 31, 2022, our first lien net leverage ratio was less than :1.00. Thus, a prepayment provision was not required. 
 The Tranche B Term Loan became repayable in quarterly payments of million beginning in March 2022, with all remaining outstanding principal due in October 2027. The Tranche B Term Loan includes prepayment provisions that allow the 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 per annum, with one stepdown to per annum based on Intermediate s first lien net leverage ratio calculation. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including, among other things, covenants limiting our ability to incur or prepay certain indebtedness, pay dividends or distributions, dispose of assets, engage in mergers and consolidations, make acquisitions or other investments and make changes to the nature of the business. Additionally, the Credit Agreement also requires us to maintain a certain net leverage ratio. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 First and Second Lien Credit Agreements 
 In August 2018, Intermediate, along with its subsidiaries, entered into a first lien credit agreement (the First Lien Credit Agreement with leading institutions for term loan borrowings (the First Lien Term Loan totaling million and a second lien credit agreement (the Second Lien Credit Agreement for term loan borrowings (the Second Lien Term Loan totaling million, to refinance a combined debt agreement entered into in 2017, including repayment of all outstanding senior secured credit facilities and senior subordinated notes outstanding and to allow for a million distribution to our members. The First Lien Credit Agreement also provided for a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility of million for letters of credit and loans to be used for working capital and other general corporate financing purposes, of which million was drawn down in March 2020 to provide financing for the acquisition of MockV and other operating uses. Borrowings under the First Lien Credit Agreement and the Second Lien Credit Agreement were unconditionally guaranteed by Topco LLC and the existing and future material domestic subsidiaries of Topco LLC (subject to certain exceptions as specified in the respective guaranty agreements, and are secured by a lien and security interest in substantially all of the assets of existing and future material domestic subsidiaries of Topco LLC that are loan parties). 
 The refinancing of the previous debt was accounted for as a modification and also as an extinguishment of the related outstanding debt balances. 
 Borrowings under the First Lien Credit Agreement bore interest at variable rates as defined in the respective agreements that could be elected at our option. 
 Accrued interest under the First Lien Credit Agreement was generally payable quarterly in arrears on the date of any repayment or prepayment and at maturity. An annual commitment fee was applied to the daily unutilized amount under the Revolving Credit Facility at per annum, with one stepdown to per annum based on Intermediate s first lien net leverage ratio calculation. 
 Interest Rate Cap 
 In the first quarter of 2021, the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement to manage a portion of its variable interest rate risk on its outstanding long-term debt. The contract, which was effective March 31, 2021, entitles the Company to receive from the counterparty at each calendar quarter end the amount, if any, by which a specified defined floating market rate exceeds the cap strike interest rate, applied to the contract s notional amount of million The floating rate of interest is reset at the end of each three month period. The contract was set to expire on March 31, 2023. 
 In May 2022, the Company amended the interest rate cap agreement, effective June 30, 2022, to increase the contract s notional amount to million and to extend the maturity date to January 19, 2025. Additionally, the floating rate option changed from a LIBOR-based rate to a SOFR-based rate. Other provisions remained unchanged as a result of the amendment. Premiums paid to amend the interest rate cap agreement were immaterial. 
 The interest rate cap agreement has not been designated as a hedging relationship and has been recognized on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value of million within other assets with changes in fair value recognized within interest expense in the consolidated statements of income. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 First Lien Term Loan Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt Less: current portion ) ) Total long-term debt, less current portion 
 There were balances outstanding on the Company s Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total long-term debt 
 
 10. 
 shares of Class A common stock at a public offering price of per share, inclusive of the shares of Class A common stock purchased by underwriters pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional shares at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The Company received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately billion after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, which was used to purchase of previously-issued and of newly-issued Topco LLC Units for approximately million. 
 Immediately prior to, and in connection with, the completion of our IPO, the Company completed a series of organizational transactions Organizational Transactions ), including: 
 The amendment and restatement of Topco LLC s operating agreement (the New LLC Operating Agreement to, among other things, (i) modify Topco LLC s capital structure by replacing the membership interests held by Topco LLC s existing owners with a new class of Topco LLC units (the LLC Units and (ii) appoint the Company as the sole managing member of Topco LLC. 
 Amend and restate the Company s certificate of incorporation to among other things, authorize the Company to issue two classes of common stock: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. 
 The issuance of shares of the Company s Class B common stock to Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC MLSH 1 which was Topco LLC s pre-IPO owner on a -to-one basis with the number of LLC Units owned; and 
 The acquisition, by merger, of two members of Topco LLC the Blocker Entities ), for which we issued shares of Class A common stock and paid cash of million as consideration the Blocker Mergers ). Prior to the Organizational Transactions, Topco LLC had established a single class of common units with MLSH 1 as its sole member. Topco LLC was authorized to issue up to common units. All authorized common units were issued and outstanding prior to the Organizational Transactions. MLSH 1 as the member, was not obligated to make capital contributions to Topco LLC. Topco LLC s profits and losses were allocated to MLSH 1 as determined by the Board of Directors. Topco LLC s common units have no conversion rights, special preferences or redemption rights. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 million, with a subsequent distribution of million in December 2020, totaling million of distributions for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Amendment and Restatement of Certificate of Incorporation 
 In connection with the Organizational Transactions, the Company s certificate of incorporation was amended and restated to, among other things, provide for the (i) authorization of shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share; (ii) authorization of shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share; (iii) authorization of shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. 
 Holders of Class A and Class B common stock are entitled to vote per share. Except as otherwise required in the Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law, the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters on which stockholders are generally entitled to vote. Holders of the Class A common stock are entitled to receive dividends, and upon the Company s dissolution or liquidation, after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of shares of Class A common stock will be entitled to receive the Company s pro rata remaining assets available for distribution. Holders of Maravai s Class B common stock are not entitled to receive dividends and will not be entitled to receive any distributions upon dissolution or liquidation of Maravai. Holders of Class A and Class B common stock do not have preemptive or subscription rights. As of December 31, 2022, no preferred stock was outstanding. 
 We are required to, at all times, maintain (i) a -to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding and the number of LLC Units owned by us and (ii) a -to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class B common stock owned by the MLSH 1 and the number of LLC Units owned by the MLSH 1. We may issue shares of Class B common stock only to the extent necessary to maintain these ratios. Shares of Class B common stock are transferable only together with an equal number of LLC Units if we, at the election of MLSH 1, exchange LLC Units for shares of Class A common stock. All Class B common stock that is transferred shall be automatically retired and cancelled and shall no longer be outstanding. 
 In November 2020, we received million from MLSH 1 for the issuance of shares of Class B common stock. 
 Recapitalization of Topco LLC 
 Topco LLC s Board of Directors adopted the amended and restated Topco LLC s operating agreement in November 2020 to, among other things, appoint us as Topco LLC s sole managing member and to provide that Topco LLC s members would not have voting rights or any other control or authority over Topco LLC or its business. The amended and restated operating agreement also revised the tax rate applicable to the tax distributions that Topco LLC is required to make to the holders of LLC Units, including us, as described in Note 14. 
 Blocker Mergers 
 Pursuant to the Blocker Mergers, we acquired the Blocker Entities (together with LLC Units held by the Blocker Entities), by merger, from MLSH 2. We issued an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock and paid million in cash to MLSH 2 in consideration of the Blocker Mergers. Upon consummation of the Blocker Mergers, we recognized the acquired LLC Units at carrying value, as these transactions are considered to be between entities under common control. There were no tax attributes acquired from the Blocker Entities as they had been fully utilized prior to the mergers. 
 Repurchase of Class A Common Stock From MLSH 2 
 In November 2020, we repurchased shares of Class A common stock from MLSH 2, a related party, for million. These shares were immediately retired. 
 Exchanges and Secondary Offerings 
 April 2021 Exchange and Secondary Offering 
 In April 2021, MLSH 1 executed an exchange of LLC Units (paired with the corresponding shares of Class B common stock) in return for shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The corresponding shares of Class B common stock were subsequently cancelled and retired. The Company immediately completed a secondary offering April 2021 Secondary Offering of shares of its Class A common stock by MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, which included shares of Class A common stock previously held by MLSH 2, which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase up to additional shares of Class A common stock, at a price of per share. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 million from the sale of shares of Class A common stock. The Company was responsible for the offering costs associated with the April 2021 Secondary Offering of million which were recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 September 2021 Exchange and Secondary Offering 
 In September 2021, MLSH 1 executed an exchange of LLC Units (paired with the corresponding shares of Class B common stock) in return for shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The corresponding shares of Class B common stock were subsequently cancelled and retired. Shortly after the exchange, the Company completed a secondary offering September 2021 Secondary Offering of shares of its Class A common stock by MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, which included shares of Class A common stock previously held by MLSH 2 at a price of per share. 
 The selling stockholders were responsible for the underwriting discounts and commissions of the September 2021 Secondary Offering and received all of the net proceeds of million from the sale of shares of Class A common stock. The Company was responsible for the offering costs associated with the September 2021 Secondary Offering of million which were recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Cash Contribution, Exchange, and Forfeiture Agreement 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into a Cash Contribution, Exchange and Forfeiture Agreement (the Contribution Agreement with Topco LLC and MLSH 1, a related party. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, the Company contributed million of cash to Topco LLC in exchange for newly-issued units LLC Units of Topco LLC at a price per unit of , which was equal to the 50-day volume-weighted average price of the Company s Class A common stock as calculated on December 31, 2021. Immediately following the contribution, the Company and MLSH 1 agreed to forfeit of their respective LLC Units of Topco LLC and an equal number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share, for no consideration. The purpose of the Contribution Agreement was to reduce the excess cash that had accumulated at the Company as a result of quarterly tax distributions it has received from Topco LLC since its IPO. 
 
 11. 
 shares of Class A common stock sold in our IPO. Additionally, basic net income per Class A common stock for the year ended December 31, 2020, has been calculated by dividing net income for the period, adjusted for preferred unit dividends attributable to MLSC non-controlling interests and net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests, by the weighted average Class A common stock outstanding during the period. Basic net income per Class A common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, have been calculated by dividing net income for the period, adjusted for net income attributable to non-controlling interests, by the weighted average Class A common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per Class A common share/unit gives effect to potentially dilutive securities by application of the treasury stock method or if-converted method, as applicable. Diluted net income per share of Class A common stock attributable to the Company is computed by adjusting the net income and the weighted-average number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding to give effect to potentially diluted securities. 
 Prior to the Organizational Transactions, the members equity of MLSC was comprised of Class A and Class B preferred units, MLSC Incentive Units and MLSC common units, each with participation rights. The MLSC preferred units were entitled to cumulative dividends of compounded annually, up to an additional , also compounded annually, to the extent of remaining unallocated earnings. The preferred unitholders of MLSC were required, however, to share a portion of the additional in dividends with the holders of MLSC Incentive Units based on a formula defined in the MLSC LLC Agreement. The Company determined that vested MLSC Incentive Units and MLSC Class A and B preferred units were participating securities under the two-class method at the MLSC subsidiary level, however, they do not have a contractual obligation to share in losses, and therefore no undistributed losses have been allocated to them. MLSH 1 Incentive Units are granted by the parent of the Company, and as a result, do not represent potential common units of the Company. 
 In September 2020, the Company entered into a Sale and Rollover Agreement and repurchased a majority of the outstanding MLSC Class B preferred units as well as entering into an agreement that resulted in an exchange of the remaining MLSC Class B preferred units and MLSC common units into of MLSH 1 common units in November 2020 upon the IPO. Included in the preferred unit dividends attributable to non-controlling interests line item for the year ended December 31, 2020, is a million deemed dividend representing the excess of the fair value of the Class B preferred units, determined as of the date of the Sale and Rollover Agreement, over their related carrying value. In September 2020, the Company also agreed and subsequently repurchased all MLSC Incentive Units, however, such incentive units remained outstanding until October 2020, and had the potential to be dilutive to earnings per unit until they were repurchased. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Less: preferred unit dividends attributable to the MLSC non-controlling interests ) Less: (income) loss attributable to common non-controlling interests ) ) Net income attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. basic Net income (loss) effect of dilutive securities: Effect of dilutive employee stock purchase plan, RSUs and options Effect of the assumed conversion of Class B common stock ) Net income attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. diluted Denominator: Weighted average Class A common shares/units outstanding basic Weighted average effect of dilutive securities: Effect of dilutive employee stock purchase plan, RSUs and options Effect of the assumed conversion of Class B common stock Weighted average Class A common shares/units outstanding diluted Net income per Class A common share/unit attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc.: Basic Diluted 
 Shares of Class B common stock do not share in the earnings or losses of the Company, and are therefore not participating securities. As such, a separate presentation of basic and diluted net income per share for Class B common stock under the two-class method has not been presented. 
 Stock options Shares estimated to be purchased under employee stock purchase plan Total 
 Shares underlying contingently issuable awards that have not met the necessary conditions as of the end of a reporting period are not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share of Class A common stock attributable to the Company for that period. The Company had contingently issuable PSUs outstanding that did not meet the market conditions as of December 31, 2022 and, therefore, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share of Class A common stock attributable to the Company. The maximum number of potentially dilutive shares that could be issued upon vesting for such awards was insignificant as of December 31, 2022. These amounts were also excluded from the potentially dilutive securities in the table above. The Company had no contingently issuable PSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 calendar years during the term of the 2020 Plan, by the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding on each December 31 immediately prior to the date of increase or (ii) such number of shares of Class A common stock determined by our board of directors or compensation committee. Shares of Class A common stock subject to an award that expires or is cancelled, forfeited, exchanged, settled in cash or otherwise terminated without delivery of shares and shares withheld to pay the exercise price of, or to satisfy the withholding obligations with respect to, an award will again be available for delivery pursuant to other awards under the 2020 Plan. 
 All awards granted under the 2020 Plan are intended to be treated as (i) stock options, including incentive stock options ISOs ), (ii) stock appreciation rights SARs ), (iii) restricted share awards RSAs ), (iv) restricted stock units RSUs ), (v) performance awards, (vi) dividend equivalents, or (vii) other stock or cash awards as may be determined by the plan s administrator from time to time. The term of each option award shall be no more than years from the date of grant. The exercise price of a stock option shall not be less than (or, in the case of an ISO granted to a ten percent stockholder, of the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, only stock options, RSUs and PSUs have been issued. 
 In November 2020, the Company adopted the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP to assist employees in acquiring a stock ownership interest in the Company and to encourage them to remain in the employment of the Company. The ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a discount through payroll deductions during specified purchase periods. The price of shares purchased under the ESPP is equal to the lower of the grant date price less a discount or a discount to the market closing price on the date of purchase. 
 Compensation expense recognized for the ESPP was insignificant for all periods presented. 
 In October 2022, the Company issued PSUs to an executive employee under the 2020 Plan. The PSUs vest only if the executive employee satisfies a service-based vesting condition and market condition. The executive employee must remain employed through the third anniversary of the grant date. The award is eligible to vest based on the achievement of certain price targets of the Company s stock price over a defined performance period. 
 Compensation expense recognized for these PSUs was insignificant for the year ended December 31, 2022. There was compensation expense related to PSUs during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of each option grant on the date of grant or any other measurement date. The assumptions and estimates are as follows: 
 Expected term - The expected term represents the period that stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. Our historical share option exercise information is limited due to a lack of sufficient data points and does not provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate an expected term. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 as we have no plans to make dividend payments. 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of stock options vested was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation related to stock options was million, which is expected be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of RSUs vested was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized equity-based compensation related to RSUs was million, which is expected be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 Unit-Based Compensation 
 Prior to the IPO, the Company s parent, MLSH 1, granted unit-based awards MLSH 1 Incentive Units to certain executives of the Company in the form of non-vested units. Our controlled subsidiary, MLSC, granted unit-based awards MLSC Incentive Units only to certain employees of its subsidiaries. 
 MLSC Incentive Units 
 Topco LLC s majority-owned subsidiary during the periods preceding the Organizational Transactions and wholly-owned subsidiary subsequent to the Organizational Transactions, issued incentive units (the MLSC Incentive Units to its employees. All MLSC Incentive Units were settled during 2020. The MLSC Incentive Units were subject to either a combination of service, market or performance vesting conditions. Vested MLSC Incentive Units were treated as common units for purposes of distributions. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 MLSC Incentive Units, accelerated the vesting of all remaining unvested time-based MLSC Incentive Units and also removed the performance condition associated with the performance-based MLSC Incentive Units. The total compensation cost recognized for these transactions approximated million. Topco LLC paid million to settle the Repurchase Agreements in October 2020. 
 Unit-based compensation expense related to MLSC Incentive Unit awards was approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The total fair value of the MLSC Incentive Units vested was million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 MLSH 1 Incentive Units 
 Prior to the Organizational Transactions, Topco LLC entered into agreements with certain executives and board members whereby those employees and board members were granted incentive units in MLSH 1, a related party. All MLSH 1 Incentive Unit awards were subject to a market condition which is subject to the achievement of a certain investment return threshold that increased on a compounding basis annually and a service condition subject to their continued employment. Certain MLSH 1 Incentive Unit awards contained a performance condition tied to the achievement of certain cash distribution multiples. All vested MLSH 1 Incentive Unit awards are subject to repurchase for fair value at MLSH 1 s option upon a voluntary or involuntary separation event that is not deemed to be for cause. Upon the IPO, the performance condition was met for certain MLSH 1 Incentive Units and the Company recorded an additional million of equity-based compensation expense. 
 The MLSH 1 Incentive Unit awards that include market and service conditions provide for cliff-vesting generally over four or . The MLSH 1 Incentive Unit awards that include market and performance conditions provide for full vesting upon meeting the performance condition. The fair value of MLSH 1 Incentive Unit awards was measured at the grant date and recognized as expense over the requisite service period for the awards. 
 In November 2020, and before the IPO, MLSH 1 Incentive Unit awards were modified to allow for vesting subsequent to the termination of the employment for two employees (i.e. improbable-probable modification). The calculation of the incremental equity-based compensation expense was based on the new fair value of the award measured as of the date of modification. As a result of the modification and based on the performance condition being satisfied, the Company recognized an incremental equity-based compensation expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 In connection with the divestiture of its Protein Detection business, the Company recognized incremental unit-based compensation expense of million related to an amended agreement with an executive of Vector (see Note 2). This unit-based compensation expense was recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Unit-based compensation expense related to MLSH 1 Incentive Unit awards was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Forfeited ) Vested ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested MLSH 1 Incentive Units subject to service condition is million which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total equity-based compensation 
 
 13. 
 MLSC Class B preferred units and MLSC common units held by the Investors for approximately million. In October 2020, Topco LLC repurchased million of the MLSC Class B preferred and common units for cash. In addition, the Sale and Rollover Agreement provided that the remaining MLSC Class B preferred units and MLSC common units held by the Investors were exchanged upon the IPO into MLSH 1 common units for million (the Exchange ). In November 2020, and before the IPO, MLSH 1 exchanged its MLSH 1 common units for the remaining MLSC Class B preferred and common units and contributed the MLSC Class B preferred and common units to Topco LLC in a common control transaction. The difference between the consideration to be paid to the Investors associated with the non-controlling interests of million and the carrying amount of the non-controlling interests in MLSC of million was recorded, in the activity prior to the IPO and related Organizational Transactions, as a million reduction in member s equity in the consolidated statements of stockholders /member s equity. 
 In November 2020, the MLSC LLC Agreement was amended and restated to recapitalize the outstanding equity into common units. 
 
 14. 
 International ) ) Total income from continuing operations 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 State and local International Total current tax expense Deferred tax expense (benefit) Federal ) State and local ) Total deferred tax expense (benefit) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 State and local taxes, net of federal benefits Deferred tax revaluation ) Income of non-controlling interest ) ) ) Taxable (loss) gain on subsidiary liquidation ) Equity-based compensation Research and development credits ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) Other ) Effective tax rate 
 Deductions to be received for the Tax Receivable Agreement payments Capital loss carryforward Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 As a result of the Organizational Transactions, IPO, and subsequent exchanges and financing, we acquired LLC Units and recognized a deferred tax asset for the difference between the financial reporting and tax basis of our investment in Topco LLC which included net deferred tax assets of million primarily associated with: (i) million related to temporary differences in the book basis as compared to the tax basis of our Company s investment in Topco LLC and (ii) million 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 million related to capital loss carryforwards generated during the sale of Vector, and (iv) million valuation allowance on these items. 
 The valuation allowance increased by million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The realizability of the Company s deferred tax asset related to its investment in Topco LLC depends on the Company receiving allocations of tax deductions for its tax basis in the investment and on the Company generating sufficient taxable income to fully offset such deductions. We believe it is more likely than not that the Company will generate sufficient taxable income in the future to fully realize any deductions allocated to it from Topco LLC associated with the reversal of its tax basis as of December 31, 2022. However, a portion of the deferred tax asset may only be realizable through the sale or liquidation of the investment and our ability to generate sufficient capital gains. Therefore, the change in the valuation allowance during December 31, 2022 is primarily due to an increase to reflect the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to not be realized. 
 2026 Tax credits, state CA - Do not expire 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million of unrecognized tax benefits, all of which would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. The Company expects our unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by million in the next twelve months due to statute expiration. The Company recognizes interest related to uncertain tax benefits as a component of income tax expense, including million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Gross increases based on tax positions related to current year Gross increases based on tax positions related to prior years Gross decreases based on tax positions related to prior years ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states. The Company received a notification on November 2, 2022 from the Internal Revenue Service IRS informing us of initiated administrative proceedings (audit) of Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC s 2020 tax year. We do not have any further information or communication from the taxing authorities with regards to their requests at this time. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations for years before 2018. 
 Payable to Related Parties Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement 
 We are a party to a TRA with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. The TRA provides for the payment by us to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, collectively, of of the amount of certain tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of the Organizational Transactions, IPO and any subsequent purchases or exchanges of LLC Units of Topco LLC. Based on our current projections of taxable income, and before deduction of any specially allocated depreciation and amortization, we anticipate having enough taxable income to utilize most of these tax benefits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our liability under the TRA is million, payable to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, representing approximately of the calculated tax savings we anticipate being able to utilize in future years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a loss of million on TRA liability adjustment primarily due to changes in our estimated state apportionment and the corresponding change of our estimated state tax rate. 
 We made payments of million to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 pursuant to the TRA during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which million is related to interest. We made payments of million to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 pursuant to the TRA during the year ended December 31, 2021. payments were made during the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our liabilities under the TRA were million and million, respectively. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 to in certain cases where the qualified business income deduction is unavailable. 
 In addition, under the tax rules, Topco LLC is required to allocate taxable income disproportionately to its unit holders. Because tax distributions are determined based on the holder of LLC Units who is allocated the largest amount of taxable income on a per unit basis, but are made pro rata based on ownership, Topco LLC is required to make tax distributions that, in the aggregate, will likely exceed the amount of taxes Topco LLC would have otherwise paid if it were taxed on its taxable income at the assumed income tax rate. Topco LLC is subject to entity level taxation in certain states and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to entity level U.S. and foreign income taxes. As a result, the accompanying consolidated statements of income include income tax expense related to those states and to U.S. and foreign jurisdictions where Topco LLC or any of our subsidiaries are subject to income tax. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Topco LLC paid tax distributions of million to its owners, including million to us. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Topco LLC paid tax distributions of million to its owners, including million to us. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Topco LLC paid tax distributions of million to its owners, including million to us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, amounts for tax distributions have been accrued as such payments were made during the period. 
 
 15. 
 of employee contributions up to the first of salary. 
 Total contributions by the Company to the Maravai LifeSciences 401(k) Plan was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 16. 
 of the gross amount of any debt or equity financings as well as quarterly management fees. The advisory services agreement was terminated in connection with the IPO. The Company also reimburses GTCR for out-of-pocket expenses incurred while providing the above professional services. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement (see Note 9) and paid GTCR a million placement fee. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred approximately million in management fees to GTCR. All other amounts paid or payable under these agreements to GTCR were insignificant for all periods presented. 
 Director Nomination Agreement with GTCR 
 In connection with the IPO, the Company entered into a Director Nomination Agreement with GTCR. The Director Nomination Agreement provides GTCR the right to nominate to the Board a number of designees equal to at least: (i) of the total number of directors comprising the Board, so long as GTCR beneficially owns shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock representing at least of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock it owns, (ii) of the total number of directors, in the event that GTCR beneficially owns shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock representing at least but less than of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock it owns, (iii) of the total number of directors, in the event that GTCR beneficially owns shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock representing at least but less than of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock it owns, (iv) of the total number of directors, in the event that GTCR 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 but less than of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock it owns and (v) director, in the event that GTCR beneficially owns shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock representing at least of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock it owns. In addition, GTCR is entitled to designate the replacement for any of its Board designees whose Board service terminates prior to the end of the director s term, regardless of GTCR s beneficial ownership at that time. GTCR also has the right to have its designees participate on committees of the Company s Board proportionate to its voting power, subject to compliance with applicable law and stock exchange rules. The Director Nomination Agreement also prohibits the Company from increasing or decreasing the size of our Board without the prior written consent of GTCR. This agreement will terminate at such time as GTCR beneficially owns less than of the shares of Class A and Class B common stock it beneficially owned at the date of the IPO. 
 Registration Rights Agreement with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 
 In connection with the IPO, Company entered into a registration rights agreement with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 are entitled to request that the Company register their shares of capital stock on a long-form or short-form registration statement on one or more occasions in the future, which registrations may be shelf registrations. MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 are also entitled to participate in certain of our registered offerings, subject to the restrictions in the registration rights agreement. During 2021, the Company registered shares of Class A shares held by MLSH 1 which were subsequently sold in an offering as selling shareholders as well as facilitated secondary offering transactions related to the exchanges (see Note 10). 
 Exchange Agreement with MLSH 1 
 In connection with the IPO, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with MLSH 1, whereby MLSH 1 may surrender their LLC Units to Topco LLC or, at our election, exchange its LLC Units for shares of our Class A common stock on a -for-one basis, or, at our election, for cash from a substantially concurrent public offering or private sale. MLSH 1 is also required to deliver to us an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock to effectuate an exchange. MLSH 1 executed two exchanges under this agreement during 2021 (see Note 10). 
 Payable to Related Parties Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement 
 Concurrent with the completion of the IPO, the Company entered into a TRA with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made TRA payments to both MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 (see Note 14). 
 Cash Contribution, Exchange and Forfeiture Agreement with MLSH 1 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into a Cash Contribution, Exchange and Forfeiture Agreement with MLSH 1 (see Note 10). 
 Topco LLC Operating Agreement 
 MLSH 1 is party to the Topco LLC operating agreement put in place at the date of the Organizational Transactions. This agreement includes a provision requiring cash distributions enabling its owners to pay their taxes on income passing through from Topco LLC. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company made distributions of million, million and million for tax liabilities to MLSH 1 under this agreement, respectively. 
 Other Distributions 
 In October 2020, the Company made an million distribution to MLSH 1. 
 Contract Development and Manufacturing Agreement with Curia Global 
 GTCR has significant influence over Curia Global Curia ). During the year-ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid insignificant amounts to Curia for contract manufacturing and development services. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid million to Curia. Such amounts were included in research and development expenses on the consolidated statements of income. 
 Maravai LifeSciences Foundation 
 In December 2021, the Company established a new charitable foundation to promote causes tied to Maravai s mission. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company contributed million to the Foundation. The Company does not control the Foundation s activities, and accordingly, does not consolidate the Foundation. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 segments. A description of each segment follows: 
 Nucleic Acid Production : focuses on the manufacturing and sale of highly modified nucleic acids products to support the needs of customers research, therapeutic and vaccine programs. This segment also provides research products for labeling and detecting proteins in cells and tissue samples. 
 Biologics Safety Testing : focuses on manufacturing and selling biologics safety and impurity tests and assay development services that are utilized by our customers in their biologic drug manufacturing spectrum. 
 Protein Detection : focused on manufacturing and selling labeling and visual detection reagents to scientific research customers for their tissue-based protein detection and characterization needs. The Company completed the divestiture of its Protein Detection business in September 2021 (see Note 2). 
 The Company has determined that adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA is the profit or loss measure that the CODM uses to make resource allocation decisions and evaluate segment performance. Adjusted EBITDA assists management in comparing the segment performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision-making by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect the core operations and, therefore, are not included in measuring segment performance. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, certain non-cash items and other adjustments that we do not consider in our evaluation of ongoing operating performance from period to period. Corporate costs, net of eliminations, are managed on a standalone basis and not allocated to segments. 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Biologics Safety Testing Protein Detection Total reportable segments revenue Intersegment eliminations ) ) ) Total Segment adjusted EBITDA: Nucleic Acid Production Biologics Safety Testing Protein Detection Total reportable segments adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation of total reportable segments adjusted EBITDA to income before income taxes Amortization ) ) ) Depreciation ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Corporate costs, net of eliminations ) ) ) Other adjustments: Acquisition contingent consideration Acquisition integration costs ) ) ) Acquired in-process research and development costs ) Equity-based compensation ) ) ) GTCR management fees ) Gain on sale of business Gain on sale and leaseback transaction Merger and acquisition related expenses ) ) ) Financing costs ) ) ) Acquisition related tax adjustment ) Tax Receivable Agreement liability adjustment ) Chief Executive Officer transition costs ) Other ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, intersegment revenue was between the Nucleic Acid Production and Biologics Safety Testing segments. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, intersegment revenue was million and million, respectively, between the Nucleic Acid Production and Protein Detection segments. The intersegment sales and the related gross margin on inventory recorded at the end of the period are eliminated for consolidation purposes. Internal selling prices for intersegment sales are consistent with the segment s normal retail price offered to external parties. There was commission expense recognized for intersegment sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

18. 
 million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments, and potential performance payments payable in cash of up to million. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on its assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an auditors report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders / member s equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 San Mateo, California 
 February 28, 2023 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Part III. 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement (the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV. 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements (included in Item 8): 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders /Member s Equity 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required, or because the required information is included either in the consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 5, 2021, among Maravai Life Sciences, Inc., Voyager Group Holdings, Inc., Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., and Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2021). 
 2.2 Amendment No. 1, dated as of September 2, 2021, to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 5, 2021, among Maravai Life Sciences, Inc., Voyager Group Holdings, Inc., Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., and Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2021). 
 2.3 Letter Agreement, dated November 24, 2021, amending the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 5, 2021, among Maravai Life Sciences, Inc., Voyager Group Holdings, Inc., Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., and Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc.'s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022). 
 2.1 Amendment No. 2, dated as of August 30, 2022, to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 5, 2021, among Maravai Life Sciences, LLC (f/k/a Maravai Life Sciences, Inc.), Voyager Group Holdings, Inc., Vector Laboratories, Inc., Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., and Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2022) . 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. dated November 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. dated November 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 4.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 24, 2020, by and among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. and the other signatories party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 4.2 Description of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Securities. 
 10.1+ Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2020). 
 10.2 Supply Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2020, by and among Pfizer Inc., BioNTech SE and TriLink BioTechnologies, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1/A filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.3# Amendment No. 1, effective as of June 6, 2021, to the Supply Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2020, among TriLink Biotechnologies, LLC, Pfizer Inc. and BioNTech SE (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2021). 
 10.4+ Form of Senior Management Agreement - Capital Units and Incentive Units 
 10.5+ Form of Senior Management Agreement - Incentive Units 
 10.6+ Form of Amendment to Senior Management Agreement 
 10.7+ Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 2 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13, 2020). 
 10.8 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2020, by and among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. and the other signatories party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.9 Exchange Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2020, by and among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. and the other signatories party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.10 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Agreement of Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC, dated as of November 19, 2020, by and among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. and the other signatories party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.11+ Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2020). 
 10.12 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1/A filed on November 9, 2020). 
 10.13 First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2018, among Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Cygnus Technologies, LLC, Trilink Biotechnologies, LLC, Vector Laboratories, Inc., Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.14 Second Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2018, among Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Cygnus Technologies, LLC, Trilink Biotechnologies, LLC, Vector Laboratories, Inc., Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC and Antares Capital LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.15 Distribution Agreement, dated January 14, 2019, between Cygnus Technologies, LLC and Beijing XMJ Scientific Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.16 Lease Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2019, between TransDulles Center, Inc., and Glen Research Corporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.17 Lease Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2018, between 10770 Wateridge Investors LLC, and Trilink Biotechnologies, LLC, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.18 Lease Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2016, between Arame, LLC, and Cygnus Technologies, LLC, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.19 Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated September 15, 2016, between GTCR Management XI LP, Vector Laboratories, Inc. and TriLink Biotechnologies, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.20+ Investment and Director Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2017, between Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC, and Robert B. Hance (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.21+ Investment and Director Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 8, 2020, between Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC, and Gregory T. Lucier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.22+ Investment and Director Compensation Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2016, between Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC, and Murali K. Prahalad (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.23 Director Nomination Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2020, by and among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. and the other signatories party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.24 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2020, among Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Cygnus Technologies, LLC, Trilink Biotechnologies, LLC, Vector Laboratories, Inc., Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.25 Amendment No. 2, dated as of January 19, 2022, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2020, among Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Cygnus Technologies, LLC, Trilink Biotechnologies, LLC, Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings Inc. s Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2022). 
 10.26+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Amendment No. 2 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13, 2020). 
 10.27+ Employment Agreement of Carl W. Hull, dated November 24, 2020, among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC and Carl W. Hull (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.28+ Amendment No.1, effective as of September 30, 2022, to the Employment Agreement of Carl W. Hull, dated November 24, 2020, among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC and Carl W. Hull (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2022). 
 10.29+ Employment Agreement of Kevin Herde, dated November 24, 2020, among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC and Kevin Herde (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.30+ Employment Agreement of Brian Neel, dated November 24, 2020, among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., TriLink Biotechnologies, LLC and Brian Neel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.31+ Employment Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2020 among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., Cygnus Technologies, LLC, MLSC Holdings, LLC and Christine Dolan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022). 
 10.32+ Employment Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2020 among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, LLC, Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC and Kurt Oreshack (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022). 
 10.33+ Employment Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2020 among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., Vector Laboratories, Inc. and Lisa Sellers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022). 
 10.34+ Employment Agreement of William Trey Martin, III, effective as of September 30, 2022, among Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC and William Trey Martin, III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2022). 
 10.35+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2022). 
 10.36+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2022). 
 10.37+ Form of Performance Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2022). 
 21.1 List of subsidiaries of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S. C. Section 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _______________ 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K and will be provided on a supplemental basis to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. Certain portions of this document that constitute confidential information have been redacted in accordance with Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). 
 (ii) Financial statement schedules 
 No financial statement schedules are provided because the information called for is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. By: /s/ Carl Hull Name: Carl Hull Title: Executive Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: February 28, 2023 

136 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicted. 
 Signature Title Date Executive Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 
 /s/ Carl Hull 
 Carl Hull 
 /s/ Kevin Herde 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 
 Kevin Herde 
 /s/ Sean Cunningham 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 Sean Cunningham 
 /s/ Benjamin Daverman 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 Benjamin Daverman 
 /s/ Susannah Gray 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 Susannah Gray 
 /s/ Robert B. Hance 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 Robert B. Hance 
 /s/ Jessica Hopfield 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 Jessica Hopfield 
 /s/ Gregory T. Lucier 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 Gregory T. Lucier 
 /s/ Luke Marker 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 Luke Marker 
 /s/ Constantine Mihas 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 Constantine Mihas 
 /s/ Murali K. Prahalad 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 Murali K. Prahalad 
 
 137 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 mrvi-2022form10xkxex42xdes.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 
 Exhibit 4.2 

 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. 
 General 
 As of December 31, 2022, Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (the Company, we, our, and us had one class of securities, our Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 The following summary of terms of our Class A common stock is based upon our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (our certificate or certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated by-laws (our bylaws currently in effect under Delaware law. This summary is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the certificate and the bylaws, which are filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. We encourage you to read these documents and the applicable portion of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the DGCL ), carefully. 
 Under our certificate, we have the authority to issue 500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share Class A common stock ), 300,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share Class B common stock ), and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share preferred stock ). 
 Class A Common Stock 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were 131,785,305 shares of Class A common stock outstanding. 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of shares of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. The holders of our Class A common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. 
 Holders of shares of our Class A common stock vote together with holders of our Class B common stock as a single class on all matters presented to our shareholders for their vote or approval, except for certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation described below or as otherwise required by applicable law or the certificate. 
 Dividend Rights 
 Holders of shares of our Class A common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by our Board out of funds legally available therefor, subject to any statutory or contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and to any restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 KE 75513999.2 

Liquidation Rights 
 Upon our dissolution or liquidation or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of shares of our Class A common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata our remaining assets available for distribution. 
 Preemptive, Conversion or Redemption Rights 
 Holders of shares of our Class A common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Class A common stock. 
 Class B Common Stock 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were 119,094,026 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC owns 100 of our outstanding Class B common stock. 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of shares of our Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. The holders of our Class B common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. 
 Holders of shares of our Class B common stock vote together with holders of our Class A common stock as a single class on all matters presented to our shareholders for their vote or approval, except for certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation described below or as otherwise required by applicable law or the certificate. 
 Dividend or Liquidation Rights 
 Holders of our Class B common stock do not have any right to receive dividends or to receive a distribution upon dissolution or liquidation or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 
 Preemptive, Conversion or Redemption Rights 
 Holders of shares of our Class B common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Class B common stock. 
 Amendments 
 Any amendment of our certificate of incorporation that gives holders of our Class B common stock (1) any rights to receive dividends or any other kind of distribution, (2) any right to convert into or be exchanged for Class A common stock or (3) any other economic rights will 
 2 

require, in addition to shareholder approval, the affirmative vote of holders of our Class A common stock voting separately as a class. 
 Preferred Stock 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
 Our Board is authorized to direct us to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series without shareholder approval. Our Board has the discretion to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. 
 The purpose of authorizing our Board to issue preferred stock and determine its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a shareholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, future financings and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from seeking to acquire, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the holders of our Class A common stock by restricting dividends on the Class A common stock, diluting the voting power of the Class A common stock or subordinating the liquidation rights of the Class A common stock. As a result of these or other factors, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse impact on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Forum Selection 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for any state court action for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our shareholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. or any director or officer thereof arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or (4) any other action asserting a claim against Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. or any director or officer thereof that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the forum selection provision that identifies the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, including any derivative action, does not apply to suits to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our certificate of incorporation described 
 3 

above. Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law or the Securities Act, as applicable, for the specified types of actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court were to find any of the forum selection provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with having to litigate such action in other jurisdictions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our employees, management and board of directors. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Our certificate, bylaws and the DGCL contain provisions, which are summarized in the following paragraphs, that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our Board. These provisions are intended to avoid costly takeover battles, reduce our vulnerability to a hostile change of control and enhance the ability of our Board to maximize shareholder value in connection with any unsolicited offer to acquire us. However, these provisions may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of us by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price for the shares of Class A common stock held by shareholders. 
 These provisions include 
 Classified Board. Our certificate provides that our Board is divided into three classes of directors, with the classes as nearly equal in number as possible, and with the directors serving three-year terms. As a result, approximately one-third of our Board is elected each year. The classification of the directors has the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to change the composition of our Board. Our certificate also provides that, subject to any rights of holders of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors is fixed exclusively pursuant to resolutions adopted by our Board. Our Board currently has 11 members. 
 Shareholder Action by Written Consent. Our certificate precludes shareholder action by written consent at any time when GTCR, LLC GTCR controls, in the aggregate, less than 35 in voting power of our outstanding common stock. 
 Special Meetings of Shareholders. Our certificate and bylaws provide that, except as required by law, special meetings of our shareholders may be called at any time only by or at the direction of our Board or the chairman of our Board provided, however, at any time when GTCR controls, in the aggregate, at least 35 in voting power of our outstanding common stock, special meetings of our shareholders shall also be called by our Board or the chairman of our Board at the request of GTCR. Our bylaws prohibit the conduct of any business at a special meeting other than as specified in the notice for such meeting. These provisions may have the 
 4 

effect of deferring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers, or changes in control or management of us. 
 Advance Notice Procedures. Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures for shareholder proposals and nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our Board or a committee of our Board, and provided, however, that at any time when GTCR controls, in the aggregate, at least 10 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, such advance notice procedure does not apply to GTCR. Shareholders at an annual meeting are only be able to consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of our Board or by a shareholder who was a shareholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has given our Secretary timely written notice, in proper form, of the shareholder s intention to bring that business before the meeting. Although the bylaws do not give our Board the power to approve or disapprove shareholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special or annual meeting, the bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. These provisions do not apply to nominations by GTCR pursuant to the Director Nomination Agreement. 
 Removal of Directors Vacancies. Our certificate provides that a director nominated by GTCR may be removed with or without cause by GTCR provided, however, that at any time when GTCR controls less than 40 in voting power of our outstanding common stock, all directors, including those nominated by GTCR, may only be removed for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. In addition, our certificate also provides that, subject to the rights granted to one or more series of preferred stock then outstanding, any newly created directorship on our Board that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on our Board will be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by the shareholders). 
 Supermajority Approval Requirements. Our certificate and bylaws provide that our Board is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend, change, add to, rescind or repeal, in whole or in part, our bylaws without a shareholder vote in any matter not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware and our certificate. For as long as GTCR controls, in the aggregate, at least 50 in voting power of our outstanding common stock, any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our bylaws by our shareholders requires the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote on such amendment, alteration, change, addition, rescission or repeal. At any time when GTCR controls, in the aggregate, less than 50 in voting power of our outstanding common stock, any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our bylaws by our shareholders requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the company entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. 
 5 

The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation, unless the certificate requires a greater percentage. 
 Our certificate provides that the following provisions in our certificate may be amended, altered, repealed or rescinded only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 (as opposed to a majority threshold) in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class at any time when GTCR controls, in the aggregate, less than 50 in voting power of our outstanding common stock (except as otherwise noted below) 
 the provision requiring a 66 2 3 supermajority vote for shareholders to amend our bylaws 
 the provisions providing for a classified board of directors (the election and term of our directors) 
 the provisions regarding resignation and removal of directors 
 the provisions regarding entering into business combinations with interested shareholders 
 the provisions regarding shareholder action by written consent 
 the provisions regarding calling special meetings of shareholders 
 the provisions regarding filling vacancies on our Board and newly created directorships 
 the provision establishing the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation 
 the provision establishing the federal district courts of the United States as the exclusive forum for litigation arising under the Securities Act 
 the provisions eliminating monetary damages for breaches of fiduciary duty by a director (which requires a super majority vote, regardless of GTCR's then-current ownership) and 
 the amendment provision requiring that the above provisions be amended only with a 66 2 3 supermajority vote. 
 The combination of the classification of our Board, the lack of cumulative voting and the supermajority voting requirements will make it more difficult for our existing shareholders to replace our Board as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our Board. Because our Board has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also 
 6 

make it more difficult for existing shareholders or another party to effect a change in management. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares. Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuance without shareholder approval, subject to stock exchange rules. These additional shares of capital stock may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued common stock or preferred stock may be to enable our Board to issue shares of capital stock to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management and possibly deprive our shareholders of opportunities to sell their shares of common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. 
 Business Combinations. We are not subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a three-year period following the time that the person becomes an interested shareholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested shareholder. An interested shareholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested shareholder status, 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. 
 Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested shareholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions (1) before the shareholder became an interested shareholder, the Board approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder (2) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances or (3) at or after the time the shareholder became an interested shareholder, the business combination was approved by the Board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested shareholder. 
 A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws resulting from a shareholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. 
 We opted out of Section 203 however, our certificate contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested 
 7 

shareholder for a three-year period following the time that the shareholder became an interested shareholder, unless 
 prior to such time, our Board approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares or 
 at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our Board and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of our outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested shareholder. 
 Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested shareholder to effect various business combinations with us for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring us to negotiate in advance with our Board because the shareholder approval requirement would be avoided if our Board approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our Board and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which shareholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that GTCR, and any of its direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party, do not constitute interested shareholders for purposes of this provision. 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their shareholders for monetary damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. Our certificate includes a provision that eliminates the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL. The effect of these provisions will be to eliminate the rights of us and our shareholders, through shareholders derivative suits on our behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. However, exculpation does not apply to any director if the director has acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized illegal dividends or redemptions or derived an improper benefit from his or her actions as a director. 
 Our bylaws provide that we must indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL. We also are expressly authorized to carry directors and officers liability insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. We believe that these indemnification and 
 8 

advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and officers. 
 The limitation of liability, indemnification and advancement provisions included in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breaches of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 There is currently no pending material litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification is sought. 
 Corporate Opportunity Doctrine 
 Delaware law permits corporations to adopt provisions renouncing any interest or expectancy in certain opportunities that are presented to the corporation or its officers, directors or shareholders. Our certificate, to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by Delaware law, renounces any interest or expectancy that we have in, or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, specified business opportunities that are from time to time presented to certain of our officers, directors or shareholders or their respective affiliates, other than those officers, directors, shareholders or affiliates who are our or our subsidiaries employees. Our certificate provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, none of GTCR or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his or her director and officer capacities) or its, his or her affiliates have any duty to refrain from (1) engaging in a corporate opportunity in the same or similar lines of business in which we or our affiliates now engage or propose to engage or (2) otherwise competing with us or our affiliates. In addition, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in the event that GTCR or any non-employee director acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself or its, his or her affiliates or for us or our affiliates, such person has no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or business opportunity to us or any of our affiliates and they may take any such opportunity for themselves or offer it to another person or entity. Our certificate does not renounce our interest in any business opportunity that is expressly offered to a non-employee director solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no business opportunity will be deemed to be a potential corporate opportunity for us unless we would be permitted to undertake the opportunity under our certificate, we have sufficient financial resources to undertake the opportunity and the opportunity would be in line with our business. 
 Dissenters Rights of Appraisal and Payment 
 Under the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our shareholders have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. Pursuant to the DGCL, shareholders who properly request and perfect appraisal rights in connection with 
 9 

such merger or consolidation have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares of capital stock as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. 
 Shareholders Derivative Actions 
 Under the DGCL, any of our shareholders may bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action, provided that the shareholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares of capital stock at the time of the transaction to which the action relates or such shareholder s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. Its address is 6201 15 th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York, 11219. 
 Listing 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol MRVI. 
 10 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 exhibit104-mrvixformofsmac.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.4 

FORM OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 (CAPITAL UNITS AND INCENTIVE UNITS) 
 THIS SENIOR MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of , by and among Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), Maravai Life Sciences, Inc. , a Delaware corporation Employer ), and Executive ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement, or if not defined herein, the meanings in the LLC Agreement. 
 The Company and Executive desire to enter into an agreement pursuant to which Executive will purchase from the Company, and the Company will sell and issue to Executive, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Executive Capital Units (as defined below) and the Executive Incentive Units (as defined below). 
 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Executive is a condition to the purchase of Common Units by the Investors pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement. Certain provisions of this Agreement are intended for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, the Investors. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby agree as follows 
 PROVISIONS RELATING TO EXECUTIVE SECURITIES 
 1. Purchase and Sale of Executive Securities . 
 (a) Initial Closing . Upon execution of this Agreement (the Closing ), Executive will purchase from the Company, and the Company will sell to Executive, (i) of the Company s Capital Units (the Executive Capital Units at a price of per Unit and (ii) of the Company s Incentive Units (the Executive Incentive Units at no cost per Unit. Such Executive Incentive Units shall be Series 1 Incentive Units and shall be subject to the vesting requirements described herein. Each Executive Incentive Unit shall have an initial Capital Contribution for such Executive Incentive Unit equal to zero and an initial Participation Threshold of . The Participation Threshold with respect to each Executive Incentive Unit is subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in the LLC Agreement. The Company will deliver to Executive a copy of the certificate(s) representing such Executive Securities, and Executive will deliver to the Company (x) a cashier s or certified check or wire transfer of immediately available funds in an aggregate amount equal to as payment for such Executive Securities, (y) an executed counterpart signature page to each of the Securityholders Agreement and the Registration Agreement as an Executive thereunder, and (z) an executed counterpart signature page to the LLC Agreement. Both the Executive Capital Units and Executive Incentive Units are Common Units. 
 (b) Subsequent Closings . If, from time to time after the Closing, the Investors make subsequent Capital Contributions to the Company in respect of Common Units acquired by the Investors pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement (each such subsequent Capital Contribution, a Subsequent Contribution ), Executive will, concurrently with each such Subsequent Contribution, make an additional Capital Contribution to the Company in respect of the Executive Capital Units, by wire transfer of funds or certified or cashier s check, in an amount equal to (A) , multiplied by (B) a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the Capital Contributions to the Company to be made by the Investors in respect of Common Units in connection with such Subsequent Contribution and (y) the denominator of which will be provided , that in no event shall the aggregate amount of all Capital Contributions to the 
 1 

Company made by Executive hereunder (including at the Closing and pursuant to this Section 1(b) exceed . In connection with any such Subsequent Contribution pursuant to this Section 1(b) , the Company will update the Unit Ledger to the LLC Agreement to reflect such additional Capital Contribution. To the extent that, after the date hereof, any Person (other than any Investor) assumes or otherwise agrees to perform all or part of the obligations of the Investors under Section 1(b)(ii) of the Unit Purchase Agreement, any Capital Contribution made by such Person in connection with a Subsequent Contribution shall be treated as having been made by the Investors for purposes of this Section 1(b) . 
 (c) 83(b) Election . Within 30 days after the acquisition of Executive Securities at the Initial Closing, Executive will make an effective election (an 83(b) Election with the Internal Revenue Service under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 
 (d) Certificates . Until released upon the occurrence of a Sale of the Company, all certificates evidencing Executive Securities shall be held, subject to the other terms of this Agreement and the Securityholders Agreement, by the Company for the benefit of Executive and the other holder(s) of Executive Securities. Upon the occurrence of a Sale of the Company, subject to the provisions of the LLC Agreement (including Section 12.1 thereof), the Company will return all certificates in its possession evidencing Executive Securities to the record holders thereof or, subject to Section 1(g) , to the appropriate acquirer thereof. 
 (e) Representations and Warranties . In connection with the purchase and sale of the Executive Securities and any additional Capital Contribution made by Executive, Executive represents and warrants to the Company and Employer that 
 (i) Executive possesses all requisite capacity, power and authority to enter into and perform his obligations under this Agreement 
 (ii) this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Executive, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Executive does not and will not conflict with, violate or cause a breach of any agreement, contract or instrument to which Executive is a party or any judgment, order or decree to which Executive is subject 
 (iii) Except as set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto, Executive is neither party to, nor bound by, any other employment agreement, consulting agreement, noncompete agreement, non-solicitation agreement or confidentiality agreement or any other agreement which could impair or interfere with Executive s obligations hereunder 
 (iv) Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that (A) there is no current public market for the Executive Securities, none is expected to develop and the Executive Securities are subject to substantial restrictions on transferability, and (B) as a result of such matters and other factors, the Executive Securities are difficult to value 
 (v) Executive Securities to be acquired by the Executive pursuant to this Agreement will be acquired for Executive s own account and not with a view to, or intention of, distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act, or any applicable state securities laws, and the Executive Securities will not be disposed of in contravention of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws 
 (vi) Executive is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is an executive officer of 
 2 

the Company and or Employer, is sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Executive Securities 
 (vii) Executive is able to bear the economic risk of his investment in the Executive Securities for an indefinite period of time because the Executive Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws and are subject to substantial restrictions on Transfer set forth herein and in the LLC Agreement, and, therefore, cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, or an exemption from such registration is available, and in compliance with such restrictions on Transfer 
 (viii) Executive has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the Transaction Documents (in particular, with respect to the distribution provisions set forth in the LLC Agreement) and the offering of Executive Securities and has had full and free access and opportunity to inspect, review, examine and inquire about all financial and other information concerning the Company and Employer as he has or it has requested 
 (ix) Executive understands and agrees that (A) the investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk, (B) in the future the Executive Securities may significantly increase or decrease in value, and (C) no guarantees or representations have been made or can be made with respect to the future value of the Executive Securities or the future profitability or success of the Company 
 (x) Executive acknowledges and agrees that (A) the Company and its Subsidiaries may incur in the future a substantial amount of senior or other indebtedness and (B) there may be additional issuances of Common Units or other Equity Securities after the date hereof and the equity interests of Executive may be diluted in connection with any such issuance, subject to the terms of the LLC Agreement and the Securityholders Agreement 
 
 (xi) Executive has had an opportunity to consult with his own tax counsel as to the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and independent legal counsel regarding his rights and obligations under the Transaction Documents and fully understands the terms and conditions contained herein and therein. Executive is not relying on the Company or Employer or any of their or their Subsidiaries or Affiliates employees, agents or representatives with respect to the legal, tax, economic, and related considerations of an investment in the Executive Securities and 
 (xii) Executive is a resident of the State set forth in Executive s address for notices in Section 11 hereof. 
 (f) Executive Acknowledgment . As an inducement to the Company to issue the Executive Securities to Executive, and as a condition thereto, Executive acknowledges and agrees that neither the issuance of the Executive Securities to Executive nor any provision contained in this Agreement shall entitle Executive to remain in the employment of the Company, Employer or their respective Subsidiaries or affect the right of the Company, Employer or their respective Subsidiaries to terminate Executive s employment at any time for any reason, subject to Section 7 . 
 (g) Security Powers . Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Executive shall execute in blank ten security transfer powers in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto (the Security Powers with respect to the Executive Securities and shall deliver such Security 
 3 

Powers to the Company. The Security Powers shall authorize the Company to assign, Transfer and deliver the Executive Securities to the appropriate acquiror thereof pursuant to Section 3 below or Section 8.2 of the LLC Agreement and under no other circumstances. 
 (h) Spousal Consent . Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, if Executive is lawfully married, Executive s spouse shall execute the Consent in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto. 
 (i) Certain Covenant . Executive acknowledges that he has not breached, and that he will continue to fully comply with, the covenants referenced on Exhibit B attached hereto and set forth in Exhibit E attached hereto. 
 2. Vesting of Executive Securities . 
 (a) Executive Capital Units . The Executive Capital Units shall be vested upon the purchase pursuant to Section 1(a) . The Executive Incentive Units shall be subject to vesting in the manner specified in this Section 2. of the Executive Incentive Units shall be Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units and of the Executive Incentive Units shall be Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units. 
 (b) Executive Incentive Units . 
 (i) Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2 , the Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units shall become vested as follows (A) up to of the Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units shall become vested as of the date of the consummation of the Base Acquisition, determined by multiplying by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole months elapsed from the date hereof through the date of the consummation of the Base Acquisition and the denominator of which is twelve (12) provided , that in no event shall the amount of Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units which shall vest in accordance with this Section 2(b)(i)(A) exceed and (B) the remaining portion of the Time- Vesting Executive Incentive Units shall vest ratably on each of the anniversaries of the date on which the Base Acquisition is consummated, which shall be set forth on Schedule I upon the consummation of the Base Acquisition (such that the Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units shall become 100 vested on the anniversary of the consummation of the Base Acquisition), if as of each such date Executive is, and since the Closing continuously has been, employed by the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, if Executive ceases to be employed by any of Employer and its Subsidiaries prior to the date on which the Base Acquisition is consummated, none of the Executive Incentive Units shall be deemed vested. 
 (ii) Performance Vesting Executive Incentive Units . The Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units shall become 100 vested on the date on which both, (A) the Investors achieve a Target Multiple of at least and (B) the Investors achieve an Investor IRR of at least if, as of such date, Executive is, and since the Closing continuously has been, employed by the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries. The Board shall reasonably determine in good faith what amount of the Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units have vested pursuant to this Section 2(b)(ii) . 
 (c) Sale of the Company . Upon the occurrence of a Sale of the Company, all Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units which have not yet become vested shall become vested as of the date of consummation of such Sale of the Company, if, as of such date, Executive has been continuously employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from the date of this 
 4 

Agreement through and including such date, subject to the provisions of this Section 2(c) . Upon the occurrence of a Sale of the Company, any Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units (whether held by Executive or one or more of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and the Investors) which fail to vest as result of such Sale of the Company will automatically (without any action by Executive or any of Executive s transferees) be forfeited to the Company and deemed canceled and no longer outstanding without any payment therefor upon the consummation of such Sale of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein or in the LLC Agreement to the contrary (and in addition to any requirements therein), in the case of a Sale of the Company, Executive hereby agrees that, if the Person who is acquiring the equity securities or assets of the Company resulting in such Sale of the Company (the Acquiror reasonably requests that Executive continue to provide any services to the Acquiror, the Company, Employer or any of their respective Affiliates from and after the consummation of the Sale of the Company (whether as a full-time employee, consultant or otherwise) that are within the scope of services provided by Executive during the Employment Period in exchange for a base salary (or equivalent base compensation), bonus opportunity and fringe benefits (collectively, the Post-Sale Compensation that are no less favorable to Executive in the aggregate than the Annual Base Salary, bonus opportunity, and fringe benefits provided to Executive by Employer immediately prior to such Sale of the Company (excluding any equity or other incentive compensation), then the Continuing Incentive Amount shall be handled as follows (in lieu of being paid to Executive and or his Permitted Transferee(s)) 
 (i) if Executive declines to provide such requested services, the Continuing Incentive Amount shall be distributed pursuant to Section 4.1(a) of the LLC Agreement to the holders of Capital Units (excluding, for these purposes, all Restricted Units which are subject to an applicable limitation), and, thereafter, neither Executive nor his Permitted Transferee(s) shall have any rights in respect of or other claims on such amounts (other than his status as a holder of Capital Units) or 
 (ii) if Executive agrees to provide such requested services, the Continuing Incentive Amount shall be deposited into an escrow account with an escrow agent designated by the Company, and the Continuing Incentive Amount shall be handled as follows 
 (A) if Executive provides such requested services from and after consummation of the Sale of the Company through the earliest of (w) the date on which Acquiror reduces Executive s Post-Sale Compensation below the Annual Base Salary, bonus opportunity, and fringe benefits provided to Executive by Employer immediately prior to such Sale of the Company (excluding any equity or other incentive compensation), (x) the date on which the Acquiror terminates such services (other than with Cause), (y) Executive s death or Disability, or (z) the nine (9)-month anniversary of the consummation of the Sale of the Company (the earliest of (w), (x), (y) and (z), the Final Vesting Date ), then the Continuing Incentive Amount, together with any income earned thereon, shall be released to Executive and or his Permitted Transferee(s), as applicable, within five (5) business days after the Final Vesting Date or 
 (B) if Executive fails to provide such requested services from and after the consummation of the Sale of the Company through the Final Vesting Date, then the Continuing Incentive Amount, together with any income earned thereon, shall be distributed as a Distribution under Section 4.1(a) of the LLC Agreement to the holders of Capital Units (excluding, for these purposes, all Restricted Units which are subject to an applicable limitation), and, thereafter, neither Executive nor his Permitted Transferee(s) shall have any rights in respect of or other claims on such amounts (other than his status as a holder of Capital Units). 
 5 

(iii) For purposes of this Agreement, Continuing Incentive Amount means 25 of all consideration to which Executive and, to the extent necessary, his Permitted Transferee(s) are otherwise entitled in connection with such Sale of the Company in respect of the Executive Incentive Units. 
 (d) All Executive Incentive Units which have become vested hereunder, if any, are collectively referred to herein as the Vested Incentive Units . All Executive Incentive Units which have not become vested hereunder, if any, are collectively referred to herein as the Unvested Incentive Units . 
 
 3. Forfeiture and Repurchase Option . 
 (a) Forfeiture Repurchase Option . In the event of a Separation, (i) all Unvested Incentive Units (whether held by Executive or one or more of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and the Investors) automatically (without any action by Executive or any of Executive s transferees) will be forfeited to the Company and deemed canceled and no longer outstanding without any payment therefor, and (ii) all Vested Incentive Units and Executive Capital Units (whether held by Executive or one or more of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and the Investors) will be subject to a right of repurchase by the Company and the Investors pursuant to the terms and conditions in this Section 3 (the Repurchase Option ). The Company may assign its repurchase rights set forth in this Section 3 to any Person provided , that if there is a Subsidiary Public Offering and the securities of such Subsidiary are distributed to the members of the Company, then such Subsidiary will be treated as the Company for purposes of this Section 3 with respect to any repurchase of the securities of such Subsidiary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if such Separation results from Employer s termination of Executive s employment with Cause, then all Executive Incentive Units (whether held by Executive or one or more of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and the Investors) automatically (without any action by Executive or any of Executive s transferees) will be forfeited to the Company and deemed canceled and no longer outstanding without any payment therefor pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 3(a) . 
 (b) Purchase Price . In the event of a Separation, the purchase price for each Vested Incentive Unit and Executive Capital Unit will be the Fair Market Value of such Unit provided , that if such Separation results from Employer s termination of Executive s employment with Cause, then the purchase price for each Executive Capital Unit will be the lower of (i) the Original Cost of such Unit and (ii) the Fair Market Value of such Unit. The Fair Market Value of any Unit for purposes of this Section 3 shall be the Fair Market Value of such Unit as of the first date of delivery of the Repurchase Notice or Supplemental Repurchase Notice, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(d) . 
 (c) Repurchase Notice . The Company may elect to purchase all or any portion of the Executive Securities pursuant to this Section 3 by delivering written notice (the Repurchase Notice to the holder or holders of such securities within seven months after the Separation. The Repurchase Notice will set forth the number of Executive Securities to be acquired from each holder, the aggregate consideration to be paid for such Units and the time and place for the closing of the transaction. 
 (d) Supplemental Repurchase Notice . If for any reason the Company does not elect to purchase all of the Executive Securities (other than Unvested Incentive Units) pursuant to the Repurchase Option, the Investors shall be entitled to exercise the Repurchase Option for all or any portion of the Executive Securities (other than Unvested Incentive Units) which the Company has not elected to purchase (the Available Securities ). As soon as practicable after the Company has determined that there will be Available Securities, but in any event before the date that is six months and one day after the Separation, the Company shall give written notice 
 6 

(the Option Notice to the Investors setting forth the number of Available Securities and the purchase price for the Available Securities. The Investors may elect to purchase any or all of the Available Securities by giving written notice to the Company within seven months after the Separation. If the Investors elect to purchase an aggregate number of any class of Available Securities greater than the number of Available Securities of such class, the Available Securities of such class shall be allocated among the Investors based upon the number of Units of such class owned by each Investor. As soon as practicable, and in any event within ten days after the expiration of the seven-month period set forth above, the Company shall notify each holder of Executive Securities as to the number of Units of each class being purchased from such holder by the Investors (the Supplemental Repurchase Notice ). At the time the Company delivers the Supplemental Repurchase Notice to the holder(s) of Executive Securities, the Company shall also deliver written notice to each Investor setting forth the number of Units of each class such Investor is entitled to purchase, the aggregate purchase price and the time and place of the closing of the transaction. 
 (e) Closing of Repurchase . The closing of the purchase of the Executive Securities pursuant to the Repurchase Option shall take place on the date designated by the Company in the Repurchase Notice or Supplemental Repurchase Notice, which date shall not be more than one month nor less than five days after the delivery of the later of either such notice to be delivered. The Company will pay for the Executive Securities to be purchased by it pursuant to the Repurchase Option by first offsetting amounts outstanding under any bona fide debts owed by Executive to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and will pay the remainder of the purchase price by, at its option, (i) a check or wire transfer of funds, (ii) the issuance of a subordinated promissory note of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company payable in up to three annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the closing of such repurchase and bearing interest (payable quarterly) at a per annum rate equal to (a Repurchase Note ), (iii) the issuance in exchange for such securities of a number of a new class or series of Units or other Company Equity Securities that are senior to the other existing Units and bearing a yield of 8 per annum, compounded quarterly, or (iv) any combination of (i), (ii) and (iii) as the Board may elect in its discretion. In the event the Board elects to repurchase the Executive Securities through the issuance of a Repurchase Note, the Company hereby agrees that (x) it shall not make any Distributions pursuant to Section 4.1(a) of the LLC Agreement unless and until such Repurchase Note, including all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, is repaid in full and (y) in the event of a Sale of the Company, all obligations under the Repurchase Note shall automatically accelerate and become due and payable upon the consummation of such Sale of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall limit the Company s ability to make Tax Distributions in accordance with Section 4.1(b) of the LLC Agreement. Each Investor will pay for the Executive Securities purchased by it by a check or wire transfer of funds. The Company and the Investors will be entitled to receive customary representations and warranties from the sellers regarding such sale and to require that all sellers signatures be guaranteed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, at its option, effect repurchases as contemplated by Section 4.7 of the LLC Agreement. 
 (f) Restrictions on Repurchase . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, all repurchases of Executive Securities by the Company pursuant to the Repurchase Option and all payments of principal and interest on any promissory note issued pursuant to Section 3(e)(ii) shall be subject to applicable restrictions contained in the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, the Delaware General Corporation Law or such other governing corporate or limited liability company law, and in the Company s and its Subsidiaries debt and equity financing agreements. If any such restrictions prohibit (i) the repurchase of Executive Securities hereunder which the Company is otherwise entitled or required to make, (ii) dividends or other transfers of funds from one or more Subsidiaries to the Company to enable such repurchases or (iii) the payment of principal or interest required to be paid on any Repurchase Note issued pursuant to Section 3(e)(ii) , then the Company (or the corporate successor to the 
 7 

Company, if applicable) may make such repurchases and may pay amounts due on such note as soon as it is permitted to make repurchases, pay such amounts or receive funds from Subsidiaries under such restrictions. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to have payments of principal or interest on any Repurchase Note be permitted distributions pursuant to any debt or equity financing arrangement. 
 (g) Revocation . If the Fair Market Value of the Executive Capital Units or Vested Incentive Units is finally determined to be an amount at least 10 greater than the per Unit repurchase price for such Unit of Executive Capital Units or Vested Incentive Units in the Repurchase Notice or in the Supplemental Repurchase Notice, each of the Company and the Investors shall have the right to revoke its exercise of the Repurchase Option for all or any portion of the Vested Incentive Units elected to be repurchased by it by delivering notice of such revocation in writing to the holders of the Executive Capital Units or Vested Incentive Units during the thirty-day period beginning on the date that the Company and or the Investors are given written notice that the Fair Market Value of a Unit of the Executive Capital Units or Vested Incentive Units was finally determined to be an amount at least 10 greater than the per Unit repurchase price for the Executive Capital Units or Vested Incentive Units set forth in the Repurchase Notice or in the Supplemental Repurchase Notice. 
 (h) Default Event . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in addition to all other rights and remedies which might otherwise be available to the Company and the Investors at law or in equity, in the event Executive fails for any reason to make all or any portion of any Capital Contribution to the Company that Executive is required to make pursuant to Section 1(b) (a Default Event ), upon such Default Event all of the Executive Capital Units originally issued to Executive (whether held by Executive or one or more of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and Investors) shall be automatically deemed Restricted Units under the LLC Agreement and shall participate in Distributions with other Units pursuant to Section 4.1 of the LLC Agreement provided , that the amount of Distributions received in respect of such Executive Capital Units shall not exceed an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all unreturned Capital Contributions made to the Company in respect of such Executive Capital Units plus a yield of 8 per annum, compounded quarterly, and any amounts that would have been received but for this proviso shall be distributed to Participating Common Units that are not Restricted Units in accordance with Section 4.1 of the LLC Agreement. 
 (i) Certificates . Promptly upon the forfeiture of any Units pursuant to this Section 3 (whether held by Executive or one of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and the Investors), Executive and Executive s transferees shall return the certificates, if any, evidencing such Units to the Company and the Company shall mark as canceled all such certificates evidencing such forfeited Units. 
 (j) Termination . The provisions of this Section 3 will terminate with respect to all Executive Securities upon the consummation of a Sale of the Company. 
 
 4. Transfer Restrictions in a Public Sale Legend . 
 (a) Executive Transfers in a Public Sale . In addition to the restrictions on transfer set forth in the LLC Agreement, the Registration Agreement (including in Section 3 thereof) and any agreement executed pursuant thereto, a holder of Executive Securities may only sell Common Stock in a Public Sale if such Common Stock is vested and to the extent that, before and after giving effect to such sale, the Executive Cumulative Sale Percentage would be equal to or less than the Investor Cumulative Sale Percentage. Except as set forth in the prior sentence, the Executive Securities may not be Transferred in a Public Sale. 
 8 

(b) Legend . In addition to the legend(s) required by the LLC Agreement, each certificate evidencing the Executive Securities and each certificate issued in exchange for or upon the Transfer of any Executive Securities (if such securities remain Executive Securities as defined herein after such Transfer) shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form 
 THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER, CERTAIN REPURCHASE OPTIONS, CERTAIN FORFEITURE PROVISIONS AND CERTAIN OTHER AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN A SENIOR MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND AN EXECUTIVE OF THE COMPANY AND OTHER PARTIES, DATED AS OF , AS AMENDED. A COPY OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED BY THE HOLDER HEREOF AT THE COMPANY S PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS WITHOUT CHARGE. 
 The Company shall imprint such legend on certificates evidencing Executive Securities outstanding prior to the date hereof. The legend set forth above shall be removed from the certificates evidencing any securities which cease to be Executive Securities. 
 5. Issuance of New Securities 
 (a) Offer to Qualified Holders . If, after the date hereof, the Company authorizes the issuance or sale of any New Securities to any Investor, the Company shall, as provided in this Section 5 , offer to sell to Executive his Pro Rata Allotment of such New Securities. Executive shall be entitled to purchase all or any portion of his Pro Rata Allotment of such New Securities on economic terms that are at least as favorable as the economic terms for such New Securities that are to be offered to the Investors provided that if the Investors acquiring the New Securities are also required to purchase other securities of the Company, Executive shall also be required to purchase the same strip of securities (on at least as favorable economic terms and conditions) that the Investors are required to purchase. Any New Securities purchased by Executive pursuant to this Section 5 shall be deemed Executive Capital Units for the purposes of this Agreement. For purposes of this Section 5 , Pro Rata Allotment shall mean the quotient determined by dividing (i) the number of Executive Capital Units (other than Restricted Units) held by Executive at such time, by (ii) the number of Capital Units (other than Restricted Units) then issued and outstanding at such time. 
 
 (b) Issuance Notice . At least fifteen (15) days prior to any issuance by the Company of any New Securities to any Investor, the Company shall give written notice (each, an Issuance Notice to Executive specifying in reasonable detail the total amount of New Securities to be issued, the purchase price thereof, the other material terms and conditions of the issuance and Executive s Pro Rata Allotment of the New Securities. In order to exercise his purchase rights hereunder, Executive must, within ten (10) days after the Issuance Notice has been given, give written notice to the Company describing Executive s election to purchase all or any portion of the amount of New Securities available for purchase by Executive. If after sending an Issuance Notice the Company elects not to proceed with the issuance or sale contemplated thereby, any elections made by Executive to participate in such offering shall be deemed rescinded. 
 (c) Issuance Closing . The Company shall sell, and, in the event Executive elects to participate in such issuance, Executive shall purchase, the amount of New Securities determined pursuant to this Section 5 elected to be purchased by Executive at the Company headquarters office either, at the option of the Company, (i) on the 15th day after the Issuance Notice (or if such 15th day is not a business day, then on the next succeeding business day) or (ii) simultaneously with (and, if specified by the Company, as a part of) the closing of, the issuance of New Securities to the participating Investors (in each such instance, the Issuance Closing ). 
 9 

At the Issuance Closing, Executive will pay the purchase price payable for the New Securities offered to Executive hereunder in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company and will make customary investment representations to the Company. 
 (d) Alternative Process . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in lieu of offering any New Securities to Executive at the time such New Securities are offered to the Investors, the Company may comply with the provisions of this Section 5 by making an offer to sell to Executive such New Securities promptly, but in no event later than thirty (30) days, after a sale to the Investors is effected. In such event, for all purposes of this Section 5 , the portion of such New Securities that Executive shall be entitled to purchase hereunder shall be determined by taking into consideration the actual amount of New Securities sold to the Investors so as to achieve the same economic effect as if such offer would have been made prior to such sale. In the event that Executive accepts such offer and agrees to purchase New Securities pursuant to this Section 5(d) , the Investors and or other Persons who initially acquired New Securities shall promptly, but within fifteen (15) days after a sale to Executive is effected, sell to the Company for a price per Unit equal to the original cost thereof (plus interest at a rate equal to 8 per annum (compounded quarterly) from the date such securities were initially acquired until the time such securities are repurchased pursuant to this Section 5(d) ), the same number and class of Units purchased by Executive exercising his rights under this Section 5(d) . 
 (e) Termination . The provisions of this Section 5 will terminate upon the first to occur of (i) the consummation of a Sale of the Company and (ii) the consummation of a Public Offering. 
 (f) Waiver . Executive expressly waives any similar rights or privileges provided in Section 2 of the Securityholders Agreement which Executive would otherwise be entitled to absent the provisions of this Section 5 . 
 
 6. Limited Information Rights . Notwithstanding Section 2.10 of the LLC Agreement, so long as Executive continuously holds Executive Capital Units or Executive Incentive Units, Executive shall be entitled to receive, upon Executive s written request (a) within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year, consolidating and consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, and consolidating and consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year (b) a current list of the name and last known business, residence or mailing address of each Unitholder of the Company and (c) a copy of the LLC Agreement and certificate of formation of the Company, and all amendments thereto. 
 PROVISIONS RELATING TO EMPLOYMENT 1 
 7. Reserved. 
 8. Reserved. 
 9. Reserved. 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 10. Definitions . 
 
 1 Sections 7-9 were superseded by a subsequently-dated Employment Agreement. 
 10 

Cause means (a) the commission of a felony, (b) willful conduct tending to bring the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries into substantial public disgrace or disrepute, (c) substantial and repeated failure to perform duties of the office held by Executive as reasonably directed by the Board, (d) gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries, including any other act or omission involving significant and willful dishonesty or fraud with respect to the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective customers or suppliers, or (e) any material breach of Sections 1(e)(iii) , 8 or 9 or Section 7(a)(ii) (but only with respect the requirement of such Section 7(a)(ii) that Executive devote his full business time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company, Employer and their Subsidiaries). In each case above the burden of proving such action or omission is a Cause event shall be with Employer. In addition, Employer agrees it will permit Executive an opportunity to be heard by the Board before such dismissal. 
 Common Stock means, collectively, (a) following the organization of a corporation and reorganization or recapitalization of the Company into such corporation as provided in Section 12.1 of the LLC Agreement, the common equity securities of such corporation and any other class or series of authorized capital stock of such corporation that is not limited to a fixed sum or percentage of par or stated value in respect of the rights of the holders thereof to participate in dividends or in the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of such corporation, and (b) any common stock of a Subsidiary of either the Company or such corporation distributed by the Company or such corporation to its unitholders or shareholders, as applicable. 
 
 Company Business means the business(es) of providing those services or selling those products which the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries actually provide or sell. 
 Disability means the disability of Executive caused by any physical or mental injury, illness or incapacity as a result of which Executive is, or is reasonably expected to be, unable to effectively perform the essential functions of Executive s duties for a substantially continuous period of more than 120 days or for any 180 days (whether or not continuous) within a 365 day period, as determined by the Board in good faith. 
 Executive Cumulative Sale Percentage means, on any date of determination, a percentage equal to the quotient of (a) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold by Executive and or or his Permitted Transferees in Public Sales from and including the consummation of the Company s initial Public Offering and to and including such date, divided by (b) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock held by Executive and his Permitted Transferees upon the consummation of the Company s initial Public Offering. 
 Executive Securities means all Common Units (including all Executive Capital Units and Executive Incentive Units) at any time acquired by Executive. Executive Securities will continue to be Executive Securities in the hands of any holder other than Executive (except for the Company and the Investors and except for transferees in a Public Sale), and except as otherwise provided herein, each such other holder of Executive Securities will succeed to all rights and obligations attributable to Executive as a holder of Executive Securities hereunder. Executive Securities will also include equity of the Company (or a corporate successor to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company) issued with respect to Executive Securities (a) by way of a Unit split, Unit distribution, conversion, or other recapitalization, (b) by way of reorganization or recapitalization of the Company in connection with the incorporation of a corporate successor prior to a Public Offering or (c) by way of a distribution of securities of a Subsidiary of the Company to the members of the Company following or with respect to a Subsidiary Public Offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Unvested Incentive Units shall 
 11 

remain Unvested Incentive Units after any Transfer thereof (other than to the Company or any of the Investors). 
 Fair Market Value of each Unit of Executive Securities means the fair value of such Executive Securities as determined in good faith by the Board applying the provisions of Sections 11.2(a)(ii) and 11.2(b) of the LLC Agreement. If Executive reasonably disagrees with such determination, Executive shall deliver to the Board a written notice of objection within ten days after delivery of the Repurchase Notice (or if no Repurchase Notice is delivered, then within ten days after delivery of the Supplemental Repurchase Notice). Upon receipt of Executive s written notice of objection, the Board and Executive will negotiate in good faith to agree on such Fair Market Value. If such agreement is not reached within 30 days after the delivery of the Repurchase Notice (or if no Repurchase Notice is delivered, then within 30 days after the delivery of the Supplemental Repurchase Notice), Fair Market Value shall be determined by an appraiser applying the provisions of Sections 11.2(a)(ii) and 11.2(b) of the LLC Agreement. The appraiser will be jointly selected by the Board and Executive and will submit to the Board and Executive a report within 30 days of its engagement setting forth such determination. If the parties are unable to agree on an appraiser within 45 days after delivery of the Repurchase Notice or the Supplemental Repurchase Notice, within seven days, each party hereto shall submit the names of four nationally recognized firms that are engaged in the business of valuing non-public securities, and each party hereto shall be entitled to strike two names from the other party s list of firms, and the appraiser shall be selected by lot from the remaining four appraisal firms. If Executive does not comply with his obligations in this paragraph regarding the selection and appointment of the appraiser, Executive shall be deemed to have agreed to the Board s determination of Fair Market Value notwithstanding his disagreement therewith. The expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by Executive unless the appraiser s valuation is more than 10 greater than the amount determined by the Board, in which case the expenses of the appraiser shall be borne by the Company. The determination of such appraiser as to Fair Market Value shall be final and binding upon all parties for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Good Reason means (a) any action by the Company or Employer which results in a material reduction in Executive s title, status, authority or responsibility as of Employer, (b) a failure of Executive to be on the Board 2 , (b) (c) a reduction in Executive s Annual Base Salary or (c) the relocation of Executive s principal office to a location which is more than fifty (50) miles outside of the metropolitan area (clause (c) of this Good Reason definition is referred to herein as a Relocation Good Reason 3 , in each case without the prior written consent of Executive provided , that in order to constitute a termination with Good Reason, Executive must resign within 30 days of an event which constitutes Good Reason. 
 Indemnification Agreement means the Indemnification Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and Executive. 
 Investor Cumulative Sale Percentage means, on any date of determination, a percentage equal to the quotient of (a) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold by the Investors in Public Sales from and including the consummation of the Company s initial Public Offering and to and including such date, divided by (b) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock held by the Investors upon the consummation of the Company s initial Public Offering. 
 Investor Investment Amount means, as of any measurement date, the total amount of cash, cash equivalents, promissory obligations, or the fair market value of any other property (as 
 
 2 Applicable to Mr. Hull only. 
 3 Applicable to Mr. Tardif only. 
 12 

determined by the Board) invested or contributed by the Investors with respect to Company Equity Securities. 
 Investor IRR means the annual discount rate which, when used to calculate the net present value of the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of all Investor Proceeds and (ii) the Investor Investment Amount causes such net present value to equal zero. For purposes of the net present value calculation, (A) Investor Proceeds shall be positive numbers and (B) the Investor Investment Amount shall be a negative number. In determining the Investor IRR, cash payments, other cash Distributions and the Fair Market Value of all other property included within the Investor Proceeds will be measured from the day on which the Investors actually receive such payments, Distributions or other property, and Investor Investment Amount will be measured from the day on which the payments, investments and contributions included therein are actually received by the Company or other recipient thereof. 
 Investor Proceeds means, as of any measurement date, the total amount of cash received by the Investors with respect to Company Equity Securities pursuant to Section 4.1 of the LLC Agreement (other than Tax Distributions) provided , that in the event the Investors receive property other than cash as a distribution from the Company pursuant to Section 4.1, such property shall become Investor Proceeds on the date that it is sold, exchanged, transferred or otherwise converted into cash. 
 LLC Agreement means the Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company, as amended or modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 New Securities shall have the meaning set forth in the Securityholders Agreement. 
 No-Fault Dissolution Event means a dissolution of the Company pursuant to Section 10.1(c) of the LLC Agreement. 
 Original Cost means, with respect to each Executive Capital Unit purchased hereunder, (as proportionately adjusted for all Subsequent Contributions made by Executive with respect to such Executive Capital Units, subsequent unit splits, unit distributions and other recapitalizations). 
 Rejected Company means, as determined in the sole discretion of the Board, an entity which, (i) is not engaged in the Company Business, (ii) has been formally presented and recommended in writing by Executive to the Board as a potential acquisition target for the Company or its Subsidiaries and (iii) has been explicitly rejected as a potential acquisition target or business opportunity and a Rejected Company in writing by the Board. 
 Securityholders Agreements means the Securityholders Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, Executive and the other parties signatories thereto as amended or modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 Separation means Executive ceasing to be employed by any of the Company, Employer and their respective Subsidiaries for any reason. 
 Target Multiple means a number equal to the result of (i) all Investor Proceeds divided by (ii) the Investor Investment Amount. 
 11. Notices . All notices, demands or other communications to be given or delivered under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when (a) delivered personally to the recipient, (b) sent to the recipient by reputable express courier service (charges prepaid), (c) mailed to the recipient by certified or registered 
 13 

mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) telecopied to the recipient (with hard copy sent to the recipient by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) that same day) if telecopied before 5 00 p.m. Chicago, Illinois time on a business day, and otherwise on the next business day. Such notices, demands and other communications shall be sent to the parties at the addresses indicated below 
 If to Company or Employer 
 Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC 
 c o GTCR Management LLC 
 300 North LaSalle Street, Suite 5600 
 Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 Facsimile (312) 382-2201 
 Attention Chief Executive Officer 
 with copies to 
 GTCR Management LLC 
 300 North LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 Facsimile (312) 382-2201 
 Attention Constantine S. Mihas 
 Sean L. Cunningham 
 Benjamin J. Daverman 
 Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
 300 North LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 Facsimile (312) 862-2200 
 Attention Sanford E. Perl, P.C. 
 Michael H. Weed, P.C. 
 If to Executive 
 
 If to the Investors 
 GTCR Management LLC 
 300 North LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 Facsimile (312) 382-2201 
 Attention Constantine S. Mihas 
 Sean L. Cunningham 
 Benjamin J. Daverman 
 Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
 300 North LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 Facsimile (312) 862-2200 
 Attention Sanford E. Perl, P.C. 
 Michael H. Weed, P.C. 
 14 

or such other address or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party shall have specified by prior written notice to the sending party. 
 12. General Provisions . 
 (a) Transfers in Violation of Agreement . Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Executive Securities in violation of any provision of this Agreement shall be void, and the Company shall not record such Transfer on its books or treat any purported Transferee of such Executive Securities as the owner of such equity for any purpose. 
 (b) Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 (c) Entire Agreement . This Agreement, those documents expressly referred to herein and other documents of even date herewith embody the complete agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and supersede and preempt any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way, including the draft Summary of Terms, dated March 1, 2013. 
 (d) Descriptive Headings Interpretation No Strict Construction . The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. Whenever required by the context, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine, or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns, and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation. Reference to any agreement, document, or instrument means such agreement, document, or instrument as amended or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, and, if applicable, hereof. The use of the words or, either, and any shall not be exclusive. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and constitute the same instrument. 
 (f) Successors and Assigns . Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive, the Company, Employer, the Investors and their respective successors and assigns (including subsequent holders of Executive Securities) provided , that the rights and obligations of Executive under this Agreement shall not be assigned or delegated except for the assignment and delegation of Executive s rights and obligations hereunder as a holder of Executive Securities in connection with a permitted Transfer of Executive Securities hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents. 
 15 

(g) Applicable Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 (h) Dispute Resolution . Any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Indemnification Agreement (a Covered Claim shall be resolved by binding arbitration to be held in Wilmington, Delaware, and shall be administered by JAMS in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures of JAMS then in effect and subject to JAMS Policy on Employment Arbitration Minimum Standards. Each party shall pay their own costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and other charges of counsel) incurred in resolving any such Covered Claim provided , that in the event litigation is required to compel arbitration or to enforce an arbitration award or judgment pursuant to this Agreement, the non-prevailing party in such litigation shall reimburse the costs and expenses (including attorney s fees and other charges of counsel) of the prevailing party. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered into any court having jurisdiction thereof. The parties hereto agree that any action to compel arbitration pursuant to this Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate Delaware state court, and in connection with such action to compel, the laws of Delaware shall control. 
 (i) Executive s Cooperation . During the Employment Period and thereafter, Executive shall cooperate with the Company, Employer and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates in any disputes with third parties, internal investigation or administrative, regulatory or judicial proceeding as reasonably requested by the Company (including Executive being available to the Company upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing at the Company s request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, volunteering to the Company all pertinent information and turning over to the Company all relevant documents which are or may come into Executive s possession, all at times and on schedules that are reasonably consistent with Executive s other permitted activities and commitments). In the event the Company requires Executive s cooperation in accordance with this paragraph after the Employment Period, the Company shall reimburse Executive for Executive s reasonable time at a rate of 100 per hour and reasonable travel expenses (including lodging and meals, upon submission of receipts). 
 
 (j) Remedies . Each of the parties to this Agreement shall have all rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement and all rights and remedies which such Person has been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which such Person has under any law. Each of the parties to this Agreement will be entitled to enforce its rights under this Agreement specifically, to recover damages and costs caused by any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights existing in its favor. The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that money damages may not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the provisions of this Agreement and that any party may in its sole discretion, but subject to Section 12(h) , apply to any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction (without posting any bond or deposit) for specific performance and or other injunctive relief in order to enforce or prevent any violations of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 (k) Amendment and Waiver . The provisions of this Agreement may be amended and waived only with the prior written consent of the Company, Employer, Executive and the Majority Holders (as defined in the Unit Purchase Agreement). No failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement, or condition of this Agreement or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof shall constitute a waiver of any such breach or any other covenant, duty, agreement, or condition. The waiver by any party of a breach of any covenant, duty, agreement, or condition of this Agreement of any other party shall 
 16 

not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of that provision or any other provision hereof. 
 (l) Insurance . The Company or Employer, at its discretion, may apply for and procure in its own name and for its own benefit life and or disability insurance on Executive in any amount or amounts considered available. Executive agrees to cooperate in any medical or other examination, supply any information, and to execute and deliver any applications or other instruments in writing as may be reasonably necessary to obtain and constitute such insurance. 
 (m) Business Days . If any time period for giving notice or taking action hereunder expires on a day which is a Saturday, Sunday or holiday in the state in which the Company s chief executive office is located, the time period shall be automatically extended to the business day immediately following such Saturday, Sunday or holiday. 
 (n) Indemnification and Reimbursement of Payments on Behalf of Executive . The Company, Employer and their respective Subsidiaries shall be entitled to deduct or withhold from any amounts owing from the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries to Executive (including withholding shares or other equity securities in the case of issuances of equity by the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries) any federal, state, local or foreign withholding taxes, excise taxes, or employment taxes Taxes imposed with respect to Executive s compensation or other payments from the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Executive s ownership interest in the Company, including wages, bonuses, distributions, the receipt or exercise of equity options and or the receipt or vesting of restricted equity. In the event any such deductions or withholdings are not made, Executive shall indemnify the Company, Employer and each of their respective Subsidiaries for any amounts paid with respect to any such Taxes, together with any interest, penalties and related expenses thereto provided , that, Executive shall not be obligated to indemnify the Company pursuant to this Section 12(n) for such interest, penalties or related expenses which are directly caused by the 
 failure of the Company to take necessary action with respect to such deductions and withholdings as it is required by law to take. 
 (o) Reasonable Expenses . Employer agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Executive s counsel arising in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, the LLC Agreement, the Securityholders Agreement and the Registration Agreement (but in no event exceeding in the aggregate). 4 
 (p) Termination . Subject to Section 7(d) , this Agreement (except for the provisions of Sections 7(a) and 7(b) shall survive a Separation and shall remain in full force and effect after such Separation. 
 (q) Adjustments of Numbers . All numbers set forth herein that refer to Unit prices or amounts will be appropriately adjusted to reflect Unit splits, Unit distributions, combinations of Units and other recapitalizations affecting the subject class of equity. 
 (r) Deemed Transfer of Executive Securities . If the Company (and or the Investors and or any other Person acquiring securities) shall make available, at the time and place and in the amount and form provided in this Agreement, the consideration for the Executive Securities to be repurchased, in each case, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, then from and after such time, the Person from whom such Units are to be repurchased shall no longer have any rights as a holder of such Units (other than the right to receive payment of such consideration in accordance with this Agreement), and such Units shall be deemed purchased in accordance with the applicable provisions hereof and the Company (and or the Investors and or any other 
 
 4 Applicable to Mr. Tardif only. 
 17 

Person acquiring securities) shall be deemed the owner and holder of such Units, whether or not the certificates therefor have been delivered as required by this Agreement. 
 (s) No Pledge or Security Interest . The purpose of the Company s retention of Executive s certificates and executed security powers is solely to facilitate the provisions set forth in Section 3 herein and Section 8.2 of the LLC Agreement and does not by itself constitute a pledge by Executive of, or the granting of a security interest in, the underlying equity. 
 (t) Rights Granted to the Investors and their Affiliates . Any rights granted to any of the Investors or any of their respective Affiliates hereunder may also be exercised (in whole or in part) by their designees. 
 (u) Subsidiary Public Offering . If, after consummation of a Subsidiary Public Offering, the Company distributes securities of such Subsidiary to members of the Company, then such securities will be treated in the same manner as (but excluding any preferred features of the Units with respect to which they were distributed) the Units with respect to which they were distributed for purposes of Sections 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 . 
 (v) Electronic Delivery . This Agreement, the agreements referred to herein, and each other agreement or instrument entered into in connection herewith or therewith or contemplated hereby or thereby, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a photographic, facsimile, portable document format (.pdf), or similar reproduction of such signed writing using a facsimile machine or electronic mail shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument, each other party hereto or thereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other parties hereto. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense. 
 (w) No Third-Party Beneficiaries . Except as expressly provided herein, no term or provision of this Agreement is intended to be, or shall be, for the benefit of any Person not a party hereto, and no such other Person shall have any right or cause of action hereunder. 
 (x) Directors and Officers Insurance . Each of the Company and Employer agree that it shall obtain and maintain in full force and effect during the term of Executive s employment hereunder directors and officers insurance policies in amounts and with coverages customary for entities of the size and with the type of business of the Company and Employer, respectively. 
 
 18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Senior Management Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 MARAVAI LIFE SCIENCES 
 HOLDINGS, LLC 

By Name Its 
 
 MARAVAI LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 
 
 By Name Its 
 
 Executive 
 
 19 

Each Investor, by signing below, acknowledges and accepts the rights granted to it as a third party beneficiary of this Agreement under Sections 3 , 11 , and 12 hereof as set forth therein and no Investor shall have any liability or obligation under this Agreement as a result of its signature below 
 
 THE INVESTORS GTCR FUND X A LP By GTCR Partners X A&C LP Its General Partner By GTCR Investment X LLC Its General Partner By Name Its 
 
 GTCR FUND X C LP 
 
 By GTCR Partners X A&C LP Its General Partner By GTCR Investment X LLC Its General Partner By Name Its GTCR CO-INVEST X LP By GTCR Investment X LLC Its General Partner By Name Its 
 20 

21 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 4
 exhibit105-mrvixformofsmai.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.5 

FORM OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 (INCENTIVE UNITS) 
 THIS SENIOR MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of , by and among Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company , 1 Employer , and Executive ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement, or if not defined herein, the meanings in the LLC Agreement. 
 The Company and Executive desire to enter into an agreement pursuant to which the Company will issue to Executive, on the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Executive Incentive Units (as defined below). 
 Certain provisions of this Agreement are intended for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, the Investors. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby agree as follows 
 PROVISIONS RELATING TO EXECUTIVE SECURITIES 
 
 1. Purchase and Sale of Executive Securities. 
 (a) Closing. Upon execution of this Agreement (the Closing ), Executive will purchase from the Company, and the Company will sell to Executive, of the Company s Incentive Units (the Executive Incentive Units at no cost per Unit. Such Executive Incentive Units shall be Series 4 Incentive Units and shall be subject to the vesting requirements described herein. Each Executive Incentive Unit shall have an initial Capital Contribution for such Executive Incentive Unit equal to zero and an initial Participation Threshold of . The Participation Threshold with respect to each Executive Incentive Unit is subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in the LLC Agreement. The Company will deliver to Executive a copy of the certificate(s) representing such Executive Securities, and Executive will deliver to the Company (x) an executed counterpart signature page to each of the Securityholders Agreement and the Registration Agreement as an Executive thereunder, and (y) an executed counterpart signature page to the LLC Agreement. Executive Incentive Units are Common Units. 
 (b) 83(b) Election. Within 30 days after the acquisition of Executive Securities at the Closing, Executive will make an effective election (an 83(b) Election with the Internal Revenue Service under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 
 (c) Certificates. Until released upon the occurrence of a Sale of the Company, all certificates evidencing Executive Securities shall be held, subject to the other terms of this Agreement and the Securityholders Agreement, by the Company for the benefit of Executive and the other holder(s) of Executive Securities. Upon the occurrence of a Sale of the Company, subject to the provisions of the LLC Agreement (including Section 12.1 thereof), the Company will return all certificates in its possession evidencing Executive Securities to the record holders thereof or, subject to Section 1(f), to the appropriate acquirer thereof. 
 
 1 Maravai Life Sciences, Inc. or applicable employing subsidiary to be inserted. 
 1 

(d) Representations and Warranties. In connection with the purchase and sale of the Executive Securities made by Executive, Executive represents and warrants to the Company and Employer that 
 (i) Executive possesses all requisite capacity, power and authority to enter into and perform Executive s obligations under this Agreement 
 (ii) this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Executive, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Executive does not and will not conflict with, violate or cause a breach of any agreement, contract or instrument to which Executive is a party or any judgment, order or decree to which Executive is subject 
 (iii) Except as set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto, Executive is neither party to, nor bound by, any other employment agreement, consulting agreement, noncompete agreement, non-solicitation agreement or confidentiality agreement or any other agreement which could impair or interfere with Executive s obligations hereunder 
 (iv) Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that (A) there is no current public market for the Executive Securities, none is expected to develop and the Executive Securities are subject to substantial restrictions on transferability, and (B) as a result of such matters and other factors, the Executive Securities are difficult to value 
 (v) the Executive Securities to be acquired by Executive pursuant to this Agreement will be acquired for Executive s own account and not with a view to, or intention of, distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act, or any applicable state securities laws, and the Executive Securities will not be disposed of in contravention of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws 
 (vi) Executive is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is an executive officer of the Company and or Employer, is 2 sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Executive Securities 
 (vii) Executive is able to bear the economic risk of Executive s investment in the Executive Securities for an indefinite period of time because the Executive Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws and are subject to substantial restrictions on Transfer set forth herein and in the LLC Agreement, and, therefore, cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, or an exemption from such registration is available, and in compliance with such restrictions on Transfer 
 (viii) Executive has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the Transaction Documents (in particular, with respect to the distribution provisions set forth in the LLC Agreement) and the offering of Executive Securities and has had full and free access and opportunity to inspect, review, examine and inquire about all financial and other information concerning the Company and Employer as Executive has requested 
 (ix) Executive understands and agrees that (A) the investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk, (B) in the future the Executive Securities may significantly increase or decrease in value, and (C) no guarantees or representations have been made or 
 
 2 Insert as applicable. 
 2 

can be made with respect to the future value of the Executive Securities or the future profitability or success of the Company 
 (x) Executive acknowledges and agrees that (A) the Company and its Subsidiaries may incur in the future a substantial amount of senior or other indebtedness and (B) there may be additional issuances of Common Units or other Equity Securities after the date hereof and the equity interests of Executive may be diluted in connection with any such issuance, subject to the terms of the LLC Agreement and the Securityholders Agreement 
 (xi) Executive has had an opportunity to consult with Executive s own tax counsel as to the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and independent legal counsel regarding Executive s rights and obligations under the Transaction Documents and fully understands the terms and conditions contained herein and therein. Executive is not relying on the Company or Employer or any of their or their Subsidiaries or Affiliates employees, agents or representatives with respect to the legal, tax, economic, and related considerations of an investment in the Executive Securities and 
 (xii) Executive is a resident of the State set forth in Executive s address for notices in Section 9 hereof. 
 (e) Executive Acknowledgment. As an inducement to the Company to issue the Executive Securities to Executive, and as a condition thereto, Executive acknowledges and agrees that neither the issuance of the Executive Securities to Executive nor any provision contained in this Agreement shall entitle Executive to remain in the employment of the Company, Employer or their respective Subsidiaries or affect the right of the Company, Employer or their respective Subsidiaries to terminate Executive s employment at any time for any reason, subject to Section 5. 
 (f) Security Powers. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Executive shall execute in blank ten security transfer powers in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto (the Security Powers with respect to the Executive Securities and shall deliver such Security Powers to the Company. The Security Powers shall authorize the Company to assign, Transfer and deliver the Executive Securities to the appropriate acquiror thereof pursuant to Section 3 below or Section 8.2 of the LLC Agreement and under no other circumstances. 
 (g) Spousal Consent. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, if Executive is lawfully married, Executive s spouse shall execute the Consent in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto. 
 
 (h) Certain Covenant. Executive acknowledges that Executive has not breached, and that Executive will continue to fully comply with, the covenants referenced on Exhibit B attached hereto and set forth in Exhibit E attached hereto. 
 2. Vesting of Executive Securities. 
 (a) Issuance of Executive Incentive Units. of the Executive Incentive Units shall be Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units and of the Executive Incentive Units shall be Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units. 
 (b) Executive Incentive Units. 
 3 

(i) Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2, the Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units shall become vested as follows of the Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units shall vest ratably on each of the anniversaries of the Reference Date (such that the Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units shall become 100 vested on the anniversary of the Reference Date), if as of each such date Executive is, and since the Closing continuously has been, employed by the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries. 
 (ii) Performance Vesting Executive Incentive Units. The Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units shall become 100 vested on the date on which the Investors achieve a Target Multiple of at least if, as of such date, Executive is, and since the Reference Date continuously has been, employed by the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries. The Board shall reasonably determine in good faith what amount of the Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units have vested pursuant to this Section 2(b)(ii). 
 (c) Sale of the Company. Upon the occurrence of a Sale of the Company, all Time-Vesting Executive Incentive Units which have not yet become vested shall become vested as of the date of consummation of such Sale of the Company, if, as of such date, Executive has been continuously employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from the Reference Date through and including such date, subject to the provisions of this Section 2(c). Upon the occurrence of a Sale of the Company, any Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units (whether held by Executive or one or more of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and the Investors) which fail to vest as result of such Sale of the Company will automatically (without any action by Executive or any of Executive s transferees) be forfeited to the Company and deemed canceled and no longer outstanding without any payment therefor upon the consummation of such Sale of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein or in the LLC Agreement to the contrary (and in addition to any requirements therein), in the case of a Sale of the Company, Executive hereby agrees that, if the Person who is acquiring the equity securities or assets of the Company resulting in such Sale of the Company (the Acquiror reasonably requests that Executive continue to provide any services to the Acquiror, the Company, Employer or any of their respective Affiliates from and after the consummation of the Sale of the Company (whether as a full-time employee, consultant or otherwise) that are within the scope of services provided by Executive during the Employment Period in exchange for a base salary (or equivalent base compensation), bonus opportunity and fringe benefits (collectively, the Post-Sale Compensation that are no less favorable to Executive in the aggregate than the Annual Base Salary, bonus opportunity, and fringe benefits provided to Executive by Employer immediately prior to such Sale of the Company (excluding any equity or other incentive compensation), then the Continuing Incentive Amount shall be handled as follows (in lieu of being paid to Executive and or Executive s Permitted Transferee(s)) 
 (i) if Executive declines to provide such requested services, the Continuing Incentive Amount shall be distributed pursuant to Section 4.1(a) of the LLC Agreement to the holders of Capital Units (excluding, for these purposes, all Restricted Units which are subject to an applicable limitation), and, thereafter, neither Executive nor Executive s Permitted Transferee(s) shall have any rights in respect of or other claims on such amounts (other than Executive s status as a holder of Capital Units) or 
 (ii) if Executive agrees to provide such requested services, the Continuing Incentive Amount shall be deposited into an escrow account with an escrow agent designated by the Company, and the Continuing Incentive Amount shall be handled as follows 
 4 

(A) if Executive provides such requested services from and after consummation of the Sale of the Company through the earliest of (w) the date on which Acquiror reduces Executive s Post-Sale Compensation below the Annual Base Salary, bonus opportunity, and fringe benefits provided to Executive by Employer immediately prior to such Sale of the Company (excluding any equity or other incentive compensation), (x) the date on which the Acquiror terminates such services (other than with Cause), (y) Executive s death or Disability, or (z) the nine (9)-month anniversary of the consummation of the Sale of the Company (the earliest of (w), (x), (y) and (z), the Final Vesting Date , then the Continuing Incentive Amount, together with any income earned thereon, shall be released to Executive and or Executive s Permitted Transferee(s), as applicable, within five (5) business days after the Final Vesting Date or 
 (B) if Executive fails to provide such requested services from and after the consummation of the Sale of the Company through the Final Vesting Date, then the Continuing Incentive Amount, together with any income earned thereon, shall be distributed as a Distribution under Section 4.1(a) of the LLC Agreement to the holders of Capital Units (excluding, for these purposes, all Restricted Units which are subject to an applicable limitation), and, thereafter, neither Executive nor Executive s Permitted Transferee(s) shall have any rights in respect of or other claims on such amounts (other than Executive s status as a holder of Capital Units). 
 (iii) For purposes of this Agreement, Continuing Incentive Amount means 25 of all consideration to which Executive and, to the extent necessary, Executive s Permitted Transferee(s) are otherwise entitled in connection with such Sale of the Company in respect of the Executive Incentive Units. 
 (d) All Executive Incentive Units which have become vested hereunder, if any, are collectively referred to herein as the Vested Incentive Units . All Executive Incentive Units which have not become vested hereunder, if any, are collectively referred to herein as the Unvested Incentive Units . 
 3. Forfeiture and Repurchase Option. 
 
 (a) Forfeiture Repurchase Option. In the event of a Separation, (i) all Unvested Incentive Units (whether held by Executive or one or more of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and the Investors) automatically (without any action by Executive or any of Executive s transferees) will be forfeited to the Company and deemed canceled and no longer outstanding without any payment therefor, and (ii) all Vested Incentive Units (whether held by Executive or one or more of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and the Investors) will be subject to a right of repurchase by the Company and the Investors pursuant to the terms and conditions in this Section 3 (the Repurchase Option ). The Company may assign its repurchase rights set forth in this Section 3 to any Person provided, that if there is a Subsidiary Public Offering and the securities of such Subsidiary are distributed to the members of the Company, then such Subsidiary will be treated as the Company for purposes of this Section 3 with respect to any repurchase of the securities of such Subsidiary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if such Separation results from Employer s termination of Executive s employment with Cause, then all Executive Incentive Units (whether held by Executive or one or more of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and the Investors) automatically (without any action by Executive or any of Executive s transferees) will be forfeited to the Company and deemed canceled and no longer outstanding without any payment therefor pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 3(a). 
 5 

(b) Purchase Price. In the event of a Separation, the purchase price for each Vested Incentive Unit will be the Fair Market Value of such Unit. The Fair Market Value of any Unit for purposes of this Section 3 shall be the Fair Market Value of such Unit as of the first date of delivery of the Repurchase Notice or Supplemental Repurchase Notice, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(d). 
 (c) Repurchase Notice. The Company may elect to purchase all or any portion of the Executive Securities pursuant to this Section 3 by delivering written notice (the Repurchase Notice to the holder or holders of such securities within seven months after the Separation. The Repurchase Notice will set forth the number of Executive Securities to be acquired from each holder, the aggregate consideration to be paid for such Units and the time and place for the closing of the transaction. 
 (d) Supplemental Repurchase Notice. If for any reason the Company does not elect to purchase all of the Executive Securities (other than Unvested Incentive Units) pursuant to the Repurchase Option, the Investors shall be entitled to exercise the Repurchase Option for all or any portion of the Executive Securities (other than Unvested Incentive Units) which the Company has not elected to purchase (the Available Securities ). As soon as practicable after the Company has determined that there will be Available Securities, but in any event before the date that is six months and one day after the Separation, the Company shall give written notice (the Option Notice to the Investors setting forth the number of Available Securities and the purchase price for the Available Securities. The Investors may elect to purchase any or all of the Available Securities by giving written notice to the Company within seven months after the Separation. If the Investors elect to purchase an aggregate number of any class of Available Securities greater than the number of Available Securities of such class, the Available Securities of such class shall be allocated among the Investors based upon the number of Units of such class owned by each Investor. As soon as practicable, and in any event within ten days after the expiration of the seven-month period set forth above, the Company shall notify each holder of Executive Securities as to the number of Units of each class being purchased from such holder by the Investors (the Supplemental Repurchase Notice . At the time the Company delivers the Supplemental Repurchase Notice to the holder(s) of Executive Securities, the Company shall also deliver written notice to each Investor setting forth the number of Units of each class such Investor is entitled to purchase, the aggregate purchase price and the time and place of the closing of the transaction. 
 (e) Closing of Repurchase. The closing of the purchase of the Executive Securities pursuant to the Repurchase Option shall take place on the date designated by the Company in the Repurchase Notice or Supplemental Repurchase Notice, which date shall not be more than one month nor less than five days after the delivery of the later of either such notice to be delivered. The Company will pay for the Executive Securities to be purchased by it pursuant to the Repurchase Option by first offsetting amounts outstanding under any bona fide debts owed by Executive to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and will pay the remainder of the purchase price by, at its option, (i) a check or wire transfer of funds, (ii) the issuance of a subordinated promissory note of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company payable in up to three annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the closing of such repurchase and bearing interest (payable quarterly) at a per annum rate equal to 8 (a Repurchase Note ), (iii) the issuance in exchange for such securities of a number of a new class or series of Units or other Company Equity Securities that are senior to the other existing Units and bearing a yield of 8 per annum, compounded quarterly, or (iv) any combination of (i), (ii) and (iii) as the Board may elect in its discretion. In the event the Board elects to repurchase the Executive Securities through the issuance of a Repurchase Note, the Company hereby agrees that (x) it shall not make any Distributions pursuant to Section 4.1(a) of the LLC Agreement unless and until such Repurchase Note, including all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, is repaid in full and (y) in the event of a Sale of the Company, all obligations under the Repurchase Note shall 
 6 

automatically accelerate and become due and payable upon the consummation of such Sale of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall limit the Company s ability to make Tax Distributions in accordance with Section 4.1(b) of the LLC Agreement. Each Investor will pay for the Executive Securities purchased by it by a check or wire transfer of funds. The Company and the Investors will be entitled to receive customary representations and warranties from the sellers regarding such sale and to require that all sellers signatures be guaranteed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, at its option, effect repurchases as contemplated by Section 4.7 of the LLC Agreement. 
 (f) Restrictions on Repurchase. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, all repurchases of Executive Securities by the Company pursuant to the Repurchase Option and all payments of principal and interest on any promissory note issued pursuant to Section 3(e)(ii) shall be subject to applicable restrictions contained in the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, the Delaware General Corporation Law or such other governing corporate or limited liability company law, and in the Company s and its Subsidiaries debt and equity financing agreements. If any such restrictions prohibit (i) the repurchase of Executive Securities hereunder which the Company is otherwise entitled or required to make, (ii) dividends or other transfers of funds from one or more Subsidiaries to the Company to enable such repurchases or (iii) the payment of principal or interest required to be paid on any Repurchase Note issued pursuant to Section 3(e)(ii), then the Company (or the corporate successor to the Company, if applicable) may make such repurchases and may pay amounts due on such note as soon as it is permitted to make repurchases, pay such amounts or receive funds from Subsidiaries under such restrictions. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to have payments of principal or interest on any Repurchase Note be permitted distributions pursuant to any debt or equity financing arrangement. 
 
 (g) Revocation. If the Fair Market Value of the Vested Incentive Units is finally determined to be an amount at least 10 greater than the per Unit repurchase price for such Vested Incentive Units in the Repurchase Notice or in the Supplemental Repurchase Notice, each of the Company and the Investors shall have the right to revoke its exercise of the Repurchase Option for all or any portion of the Vested Incentive Units elected to be repurchased by it by delivering notice of such revocation in writing to the holders of Vested Incentive Units during the thirty-day period beginning on the date that the Company and or the Investors are given written notice that the Fair Market Value of a Unit of the Vested Incentive Units was finally determined to be an amount at least 10 greater than the per Unit repurchase price for the Vested Incentive Units set forth in the Repurchase Notice or in the Supplemental Repurchase Notice. 
 (h) Certificates. Promptly upon the forfeiture of any Units pursuant to this Section 3 (whether held by Executive or one of Executive s transferees, other than the Company and the Investors), Executive and Executive s transferees shall return the certificates, if any, evidencing such Units to the Company and the Company shall mark as canceled all such certificates evidencing such forfeited Units. 
 (i) Termination. The provisions of this Section 3 will terminate with respect to all Executive Securities upon the consummation of a Sale of the Company. 
 4. Transfer Restrictions in a Public Sale Legend . 
 (a) Executive Transfers in a Public Sale In addition to the restrictions on transfer set forth in the LLC Agreement, the Registration Agreement (including in Section 3 thereof) and any agreement executed pursuant thereto, a holder of Executive Securities may only sell Common Stock in a Public Sale if such Common Stock is vested and to the extent that, before and after giving effect to such sale, the Executive Cumulative Sale Percentage would be equal to or less 
 7 

than the Investor Cumulative Sale Percentage. Except as set forth in the prior sentence, the Executive Securities may not be Transferred in a Public Sale. 
 (b) Legend. In addition to the legend(s) required by the LLC Agreement, each certificate evidencing the Executive Securities and each certificate issued in exchange for or upon the Transfer of any Executive Securities (if such securities remain Executive Securities as defined herein after such Transfer) shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form 
 THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER, CERTAIN REPURCHASE OPTIONS, CERTAIN FORFEITURE PROVISIONS AND CERTAIN OTHER AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN A SENIOR MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND AN EXECUTIVE OF THE COMPANY AND OTHER PARTIES, DATED AS OF , AS AMENDED. A COPY OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED BY THE HOLDER HEREOF AT THE COMPANY S PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS WITHOUT CHARGE. 
 
 The Company shall imprint such legend on certificates evidencing Executive Securities outstanding prior to the date hereof. The legend set forth above shall be removed from the certificates evidencing any securities which cease to be Executive Securities. 
 PROVISIONS RELATING TO EMPLOYMENT 3 
 5. Reserved. 
 6. Reserved. 
 7. Reserved. 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 8. Definitions. 
 Cause means (a) the commission of a felony, (b) willful conduct tending to bring the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries into substantial public disgrace or disrepute, (c) substantial and repeated failure to perform duties of the office held by Executive as reasonably directed by the Board and or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, (d) gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries, including any other act or omission involving significant and willful dishonesty or fraud with respect to the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective customers or suppliers, or (e) any material breach of Sections 1(d)(iii), 6 or 7 or Section 5(a)(ii) (but only with respect the requirement of such Section 5(a)(ii) that Executive devote Executive s full business time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company, Employer and their Subsidiaries). In each case above the burden of proving such action or omission is a Cause event shall be with Employer. In addition, Employer agrees it will permit Executive an opportunity to be heard by the Board before such dismissal. 
 Common Stock means, collectively, (a) following the organization of a corporation and reorganization or recapitalization of the Company into such corporation as provided in Section 12.1 of the LLC Agreement, the common equity securities of such corporation and any other 
 
 3 Sections 5-7 were superseded by a subsequently-dated Employment Agreement. 
 8 

class or series of authorized capital stock of such corporation that is not limited to a fixed sum or percentage of par or stated value in respect of the rights of the holders thereof to participate in dividends or in the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of such corporation, and (b) any common stock of a Subsidiary of either the Company or such corporation distributed by the Company or such corporation to its unitholders or shareholders, as applicable. 
 Company Business means the business(es) of providing those services or selling those products which the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries actually provide or sell. 
 Disability means the disability of Executive caused by any physical or mental injury, illness or incapacity as a result of which Executive is, or is reasonably expected to be, unable to effectively perform the essential functions of Executive s duties for a substantially continuous period of more than 120 days or for any 180 days (whether or not continuous) within a 365 day period, as determined by the Board in good faith. 
 Executive Cumulative Sale Percentage means, on any date of determination, a percentage equal to the quotient of (a) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold by Executive and or or Executive s Permitted Transferees in Public Sales from and including the consummation of the Company s initial Public Offering and to and including such date, divided by (b) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock held by Executive and Executive s Permitted Transferees upon the consummation of the Company s initial Public Offering. 
 Executive Securities means all Common Units (including all Executive Incentive Units) at any time acquired by Executive. Executive Securities will continue to be Executive Securities in the hands of any holder other than Executive (except for the Company and the Investors and except for transferees in a Public Sale), and except as otherwise provided herein, each such other holder of Executive Securities will succeed to all rights and obligations attributable to Executive as a holder of Executive Securities hereunder. Executive Securities will also include equity of the Company (or a corporate successor to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company) issued with respect to Executive Securities (a) by way of a Unit split, Unit distribution, conversion, or other recapitalization, (b) by way of reorganization or recapitalization of the Company in connection with the incorporation of a corporate successor prior to a Public Offering or (c) by way of a distribution of securities of a Subsidiary of the Company to the members of the Company following or with respect to a Subsidiary Public Offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Unvested Incentive Units shall remain Unvested Incentive Units after any Transfer thereof (other than to the Company or any of the Investors). 
 Fair Market Value of each Unit of Executive Securities means the fair value of such Executive Securities as determined in good faith by the Board applying the provisions of Sections 11.2(a)(ii) and 11.2(b) of the LLC Agreement. 
 Good Reason means (a) any action by the Company or Employer which results in a material reduction in Executive s title, status, authority or responsibility as of Employer or (b) a reduction in Executive s Annual Base Salary, in each case without the prior written consent of Executive provided, that in order to constitute a termination with Good Reason, Executive must resign within 30 days of an event which constitutes Good Reason. 
 Investor Cumulative Sale Percentage means, on any date of determination, a percentage equal to the quotient of (a) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold by the Investors in Public Sales from and including the consummation of the Company s initial Public Offering and to and including such date, divided by (b) the aggregate number of shares of 
 9 

Common Stock held by the Investors upon the consummation of the Company s initial Public Offering. 
 Investor Investment Amount means, as of any measurement date, the total amount of cash, cash equivalents, promissory obligations, or the fair market value of any other property (as determined by the Board) invested or contributed by the Investors with respect to Company Equity Securities. 
 Investor Proceeds means, as of any measurement date, the total amount of cash received by the Investors with respect to Company Equity Securities pursuant to Section 4.1 of the LLC Agreement (other than Tax Distributions) provided, that in the event the Investors receive property other than cash as a distribution from the Company pursuant to Section 4.1, such property shall become Investor Proceeds on the date that it is sold, exchanged, transferred or otherwise converted into cash. 
 LLC Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of April 5, 2016, as amended or modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 Reference Date means . 
 Securityholders Agreements means the Amended and Restated Securityholders Agreement, dated as of , by and among the Company, Executive and the other parties signatories thereto as amended or modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 Separation means Executive ceasing to be employed by any of the Company, Employer and their respective Subsidiaries for any reason. 
 Target Multiple means a number equal to the result of (i) all Investor Proceeds divided by (ii) the Investor Investment Amount. 
 9. Notices. All notices, demands or other communications to be given or delivered under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when (a) delivered personally to the recipient, (b) sent to the recipient by reputable express courier service (charges prepaid), (c) mailed to the recipient by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) telecopied or e-mailed to the recipient (with hard copy sent to the recipient by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) that same day) if telecopied or e-mailed before 5 00 p.m. Chicago, Illinois time on a business day, and otherwise on the next business day. Such notices, demands and other communications shall be sent to the parties at the addresses indicated below 
 If to Company or Employer 
 Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC 
 c o GTCR Management LLC 
 300 North LaSalle Street, Suite 5600 
 Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 Facsimile (312) 382-2201 
 Attention Chief Executive Officer 
 with copies to 
 GTCR Management LLC 
 300 North LaSalle Street 
 10 

Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 Facsimile (312) 382-2201 
 Attention Constantine S. Mihas 
 Sean L. Cunningham 
 Benjamin J. Daverman 
 Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
 300 North LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 Facsimile (312) 862-2200 
 Attention Sanford E. Perl, P.C. 
 Michael H. Weed, P.C. 
 If to Executive 
 
 If to the Investors 
 GTCR Management LLC 
 300 North LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 Facsimile (312) 382-2201 
 Attention Constantine S. Mihas 
 Sean L. Cunningham 
 Benjamin J. Daverman 
 with a copy to 
 Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
 300 North LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, Illinois 60654 
 Facsimile (312) 862-2200 
 Attention Sanford E. Perl, P.C. 
 Michael H. Weed, P.C. 
 or such other address or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party shall have specified by prior written notice to the sending party. 
 
 10. General Provisions. 
 (a) Transfers in Violation of Agreement. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Executive Securities in violation of any provision of this Agreement shall be void, and the Company shall not record such Transfer on its books or treat any purported Transferee of such Executive Securities as the owner of such equity for any purpose. 
 (b) Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 11 

(c) Entire Agreement. This Agreement, those documents expressly referred to herein and other documents of even date herewith embody the complete agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and supersede and preempt any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. 
 (d) Descriptive Headings Interpretation No Strict Construction. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. Whenever required by the context, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine, or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns, and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation. Reference to any agreement, document, or instrument means such agreement, document, or instrument as amended or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, and, if applicable, hereof. The use of the words or, either, and any shall not be exclusive. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 (e) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and constitute the same instrument. 
 (f) Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive, the Company, Employer, the Investors and their respective successors and assigns (including subsequent holders of Executive Securities) provided, that the rights and obligations of Executive under this Agreement shall not be assigned or delegated except for the assignment and delegation of Executive s rights and obligations hereunder as a holder of Executive Securities in connection with a permitted Transfer of Executive Securities hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents. 
 
 (g) Applicable Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 (h) Dispute Resolution . Any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement (a Covered Claim shall be resolved by binding arbitration to be held in Wilmington, Delaware, and shall be administered by JAMS in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures of JAMS then in effect and subject to JAMS Policy on Employment Arbitration Minimum Standards. Each party shall pay their own costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and other charges of counsel) incurred in resolving any such Covered Claim provided , that in the event litigation is required to compel arbitration or to enforce an arbitration award or judgment pursuant to this Agreement, the non-prevailing party in such litigation shall reimburse the costs and expenses (including attorney s fees and other charges of counsel) of the prevailing party. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered into any court having jurisdiction thereof. The parties hereto agree that any action to compel arbitration pursuant to this Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate Delaware state court, and in connection with such action to compel, the laws of Delaware shall control. 
 12 

(i) Executive s Cooperation . During the Employment Period and thereafter, Executive shall cooperate with the Company, Employer and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates in any disputes with third parties, internal investigation or administrative, regulatory or judicial proceeding as reasonably requested by the Company (including Executive being available to the Company upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing at the Company s request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, volunteering to the Company all pertinent information and turning over to the Company all relevant documents which are or may come into Executive s possession, all at times and on schedules that are reasonably consistent with Executive s other permitted activities and commitments). In the event the Company requires Executive s cooperation in accordance with this paragraph after the Employment Period, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable travel expenses (including lodging and meals, upon submission of receipts). 
 (j) Remedies . Each of the parties to this Agreement shall have all rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement and all rights and remedies which such Person has been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which such Person has under any law. Each of the parties to this Agreement will be entitled to enforce its rights under this Agreement specifically, to recover damages and costs caused by any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights existing in its favor. The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that money damages may not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the provisions of this Agreement and that any party may in its sole discretion, but subject to Section 10(h) , apply to any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction (without posting any bond or deposit) for specific performance and or other injunctive relief in order to enforce or prevent any violations of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 (k) Amendment and Waiver . The provisions of this Agreement may be amended and waived only with the prior written consent of the Company, Employer, Executive and the Majority Holders (as defined in the Unit Purchase Agreement). No failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement, or condition of this Agreement or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof shall constitute a waiver of any such breach or any other covenant, duty, agreement, or condition. The waiver by any party of a breach of any covenant, duty, agreement, or condition of this Agreement of any other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of that provision or any other provision hereof. 
 (l) Insurance. The Company or Employer, at its discretion, may apply for and procure in its own name and for its own benefit life and or disability insurance on Executive in any amount or amounts considered available. Executive agrees to cooperate in any medical or other examination, supply any information, and to execute and deliver any applications or other instruments in writing as may be reasonably necessary to obtain and constitute such insurance. 
 (m) Business Days. If any time period for giving notice or taking action hereunder expires on a day which is a Saturday, Sunday or holiday in the state in which the Company s chief executive office is located, the time period shall be automatically extended to the business day immediately following such Saturday, Sunday or holiday. 
 (n) Indemnification and Reimbursement of Payments on Behalf of Executive . The Company, Employer and their respective Subsidiaries shall be entitled to deduct or withhold from any amounts owing from the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries to Executive (including withholding shares or other equity securities in the case of issuances of equity by the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries) any federal, state, local or foreign withholding taxes, excise taxes, or employment taxes Taxes imposed with respect to Executive s compensation or other payments from the Company, Employer or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Executive s ownership interest in the Company, including wages, 
 13 

bonuses, distributions, the receipt or exercise of equity options and or the receipt or vesting of restricted equity. In the event any such deductions or withholdings are not made, Executive shall indemnify the Company, Employer and each of their respective Subsidiaries for any amounts paid with respect to any such Taxes, together with any interest, penalties and related expenses thereto provided, that, Executive shall not be obligated to indemnify the Company pursuant to this Section 10(n) for such interest, penalties or related expenses which are directly caused by the failure of the Company to take necessary action with respect to such deductions and withholdings as it is required by law to take. 
 (o) Termination. This Agreement (except for the provisions of Sections 5(a) and 5(b) shall survive a Separation and shall remain in full force and effect after such Separation. 
 (p) Adjustments of Numbers. All numbers set forth herein that refer to Unit prices or amounts will be appropriately adjusted to reflect Unit splits, Unit distributions, combinations of Units and other recapitalizations affecting the subject class of equity. 
 (q) Deemed Transfer of Executive Securities . If the Company (and or the Investors and or any other Person acquiring securities) shall make available, at the time and place and in the amount and form provided in this Agreement, the consideration for the Executive Securities to be repurchased, in each case, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, then from and after such time, the Person from whom such Units are to be repurchased shall no longer have any rights as a holder of such Units (other than the right to receive payment of such consideration in accordance with this Agreement), and such Units shall be deemed purchased in accordance with the applicable provisions hereof and the Company (and or the Investors and or any other Person acquiring securities) shall be deemed the owner and holder of such Units, whether or not the certificates therefor have been delivered as required by this Agreement. 
 (r) No Pledge or Security Interest. The purpose of the Company s retention of Executive s certificates and executed security powers is solely to facilitate the provisions set forth in Section 3 herein and Section 8.2 of the LLC Agreement and does not by itself constitute a pledge by Executive of, or the granting of a security interest in, the underlying equity. 
 (s) Rights Granted to the Investors and their Affiliates. Any rights granted to any of the Investors or any of their respective Affiliates hereunder may also be exercised (in whole or in part) by their designees. 
 (t) Subsidiary Public Offering. If, after consummation of a Subsidiary Public Offering, the Company distributes securities of such Subsidiary to members of the Company, then such securities will be treated in the same manner as (but excluding any preferred features of the Units with respect to which they were distributed) the Units with respect to which they were distributed for purposes of Sections 1, 2 , 3 , and 4 . 
 (u) Electronic Delivery. This Agreement, the agreements referred to herein, and each other agreement or instrument entered into in connection herewith or therewith or contemplated hereby or thereby, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a photographic, facsimile, portable document format (.pdf), or similar reproduction of such signed writing using a facsimile machine or electronic mail shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument, each other party hereto or thereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other parties hereto. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail as a 
 14 

defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense. 
 (v) No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly provided herein, no term or provision of this Agreement is intended to be, or shall be, for the benefit of any Person not a party hereto, and no such other Person shall have any right or cause of action hereunder. 
 (w) Directors and Officers Insurance . Each of the Company and Employer agree that it shall obtain and maintain in full force and effect during the term of Executive s employment hereunder directors and officers insurance policies in amounts and with coverages customary for entities of the size and with the type of business of the Company and Employer, respectively. 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Senior Management Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 MARAVAI LIFE SCIENCES 
 HOLDINGS, LLC 

By 
 
 Name Its EMPLOYER 
 
 By 
 
 Name Its Executive 
 
 16 

Each Investor, by signing below, acknowledges and accepts the rights granted to it as a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement under Sections 3 , 9 , and 10 hereof as set forth therein and no Investor shall have any liability or obligation under this Agreement as a result of its signature below 
 THE INVESTORS 
 GTCR FUND XI B LP 
 By GTCR Partners XI B LP Its General Partner By GTCR Investment XI LLC Its General Partner By Name Its GTCR MARAVAI SPLITTER LP By GTCR Partners XI B LP Its General Partner By GTCR Investment XI LLC Its General Partner By Name Its GTCR CO-INVEST XI LP By GTCR Investment XI LLC Its General Partner By Name Its 
 
 17 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 5
 exhibit106-mrvixformofamen.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.6 

FORM OF AMENDMENT TO SENIOR MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 THIS AMENDMENT TO THE SENIOR MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), effective as of , is made by and among Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), 1 Employer ), Executive ), GTCR Fund XI B LP, a Delaware limited partnership Fund XI B ), GTCR Maravai Splitter LP, a Delaware limited partnership Splitter ), and GTCR Co-Invest XI LP, a Delaware limited partnership GTCR Co-Invest and together with Fund XI B and Splitter, the Majority Holders ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement (as defined below). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Company, Employer and Executive are parties to that certain Senior Management Agreement, dated as of , as amended from time to time (the Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company, Employer, Executive and the Majority Holders, pursuant to their authority under Section 12 2 10 3 (k) of the Agreement, desire to effect an amendment to the Agreement to (i) remove the employment-related provisions and (ii) deem the Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units 100 vested. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 AGREEMENTS 
 1. Defined Terms . All terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement. 
 2. Employment . The Agreement is hereby amended such that Sections 7 through 9 4 5 through 7 5 , inclusive, thereof are hereby terminated and of no further force or effect. Upon such termination, none of the Company, Employer, or Executive shall have any obligation or liability under or in respect of such sections except as may be set forth in that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of , by and among Executive, Employer 6 , and Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Nothing set forth in this Amendment shall be deemed a termination of Executive s employment with Employer. 
 3. Performance Vesting Units . The conditions to the vesting of the Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units set forth in Section 2(b)(ii) of the Agreement are hereby deemed satisfied and, as of the date hereof, the Performance-Vesting Executive Incentive Units are deemed 100 vested. 
 4. Future Amendments . The Agreement is hereby amended such that the provisions of the Agreement may be amended and waived by the prior written consent of only the Company and Executive. 
 5. Applicable Law . This Amendment shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to such state s laws concerning conflicts 
 
 1 Maravai Life Sciences, Inc. or applicable employing subsidiary to be inserted. 
 2 Applicable to Form of Senior Management Agreement (Capital Units and Incentive Units) 
 3 Applicable to Form of Senior Management Agreement (Incentive Units) 
 4 Applicable to Form of Senior Management Agreement (Capital Units and Incentive Units) 
 5 Applicable to Form of Senior Management Agreement (Incentive Units) 
 6 Applicable employing subsidiary of Maravai Life Sciences, Inc. to be inserted. 

of laws. In the event of a conflict between any provisions of this Amendment and any nonmandatory provisions of the Delaware Act, the provision of this Amendment shall control and take precedence. 
 6. Severability of Provisions . Each provision of this Amendment shall be deemed severable, and if any part of any provision is held to be illegal, void, voidable, invalid, nonbinding or unenforceable in its entirety or partially as to any party, for any reason, such provision may be changed, consistent with the intent of the parties hereto, to the extent reasonably necessary to make the provision, as so changed, legal, valid, binding and enforceable. If any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, void, voidable, invalid, nonbinding or unenforceable in its entirety or partially or as to any party, for any reason, and if such provision cannot be changed consistent with the intent of the parties hereto to make it fully legal, valid, binding and enforceable, then such provision shall be stricken from this Amendment, and the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall not in any way be affected or impaired, but shall remain in full force and effect. 
 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment to Senior Management Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 MARAVAI LIFE SCIENCES HOLDINGS, LLC 
 By Name Its 
 MARAVAI LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 
 By Name Its 
 Executive 
 
 3 

GTCR FUND XI B LP 
 By GTCR Partners XI B LP Its General Partner 
 By GTCR Investment XI LLC Its General Partner 
 GTCR MARAVAI SPLITTER LP 
 By GTCR Partners XI B LP Its General Partner 
 By GTCR Investment XI LLC Its General Partner 
 By Name Its 
 GTCR CO-INVEST XI LP 
 By GTCR Investment XI LLC Its General Partner 
 By Name Its 

4 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 mrvi-2022form10xkxex211xli.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Subsidiaries of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC (Delaware) 
 Subsidiaries of Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC 
 Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC (Delaware) 
 Alphazyme, LLC (Delaware) 
 Subsidiaries of Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC 
 TriLink Biotechnologies, LLC (Delaware) 
 Glen Research, LLC (Delaware) 
 MockV Solutions, Inc. (Maryland) 
 Cygnus Technologies, LLC (Delaware) 
 MyChem, LLC (California) 
 Maravai LifeSciences International Holdings, Inc. (Delaware) 
 MLSA Holdings, LLC (Delaware) 
 
 Subsidiaries of Maravai LifeSciences International Holdings, Inc. 
 Maravai LifeSciences Deutschland GmbH (Germany) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 mrvi-2022form10xkxex231xco.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-250895) pertaining to the Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan and Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 San Mateo, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 mrvi-2022form10xkxex311xce.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Carl Hull, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 

s Carl Hull 
 Executive Chairman of the Board and 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 mrvi-form202210xkxex312xcf.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Kevin Herde, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 

s Kevin Herde 
 Kevin Herde 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 mrvi-2022form10xkxex321xce.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Carl Hull, Executive Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s Carl Hull 
 Carl Hull 
 Executive Chairman of the Board and 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 mrvi-2022form10xkxex322xcf.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Kevin Herde, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s Kevin Herde 
 Kevin Herde 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 mrvi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 mrvi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 mrvi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 mrvi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 mrvi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

