<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1515816_0001171520-23-000122.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17908631</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>347690</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2095602</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7848482</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2931990</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4094746</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171520-23-000122.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223073719
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171520-23-000122
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001515816
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				275466153
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38106
		FILM NUMBER:		23655961

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 CUSTOM HOUSE STREET - 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-340-3814

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 CUSTOM HOUSE STREET - 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140604

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Plymouth Opportunity REIT Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171520-23-000122.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 eps10619_plym10k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from 
to 

 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation of organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , ,

(Address of principal executive offices) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of Each Exchange 
on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of
the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

 The aggregate market value of the
registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based on the closing price reported on the NYSE on June 30,
2022) was . 

 Shares held by all executive officers
and directors of the registrant have been excluded from the foregoing calculation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates
of the registrant. 

 The number of shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding as of February 20, 2023 was . 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Plymouth Industrial
REIT, Inc. 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 
 
 PAGE 

PART I 

1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 
 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 

PART II 

5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 
 6. 
 Reserved 
 32 
 
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 43 
 
 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 
 
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 
 9C. 
 Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act 
 44 

PART III 

10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 
 
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 45 
 
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Expenses 
 45 

PART IV 

15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 48 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

 We make statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that
are forward-looking statements, which are usually identified by the use of words such as anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, projects, 
 seeks, should, will, and variations of such words or similar expressions. Our forward-looking
statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information
currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and
prospects as reflected in or suggested by our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that our plans, intentions,
expectations, strategies or prospects will be attained or achieved and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
Additionally, unforeseen factors emerge from time to time, and we cannot predict which factors will arise or their ultimate impact on
our business or the extent to which any such factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any forward-looking statements. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements and may be affected by a variety of risks and factors including, without limitation: 

the uncertainty and economic impacts of pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies or fear of such events, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, including, without limitation, its impact on the Company s ability to pay common stock dividends and/or the amount and frequency of those dividends; 

the competitive environment in which we operate; 

real estate risks, including fluctuations in real estate values and the general economic climate in local markets and competition for tenants in such markets; 

decreased rental rates or increasing vacancy rates; 

potential defaults on or non-renewal of leases by tenants; 

potential bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants; 

acquisition risks, including failure of such acquisitions to perform in accordance with projections; 

the timing of acquisitions and dispositions; 

potential natural disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires or floods; 

national, international, regional and local economic conditions; 

the general level of interest rates; 

potential changes in the law or governmental regulations that affect us and interpretations of those laws and regulations, including changes in real estate and zoning or real estate investment trust, or REIT, tax laws, and potential increases in real property tax rates; 

financing risks, including the risks that our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest and we may be unable to refinance our existing debt upon maturity or obtain new financing on attractive terms or at all; 

lack of or insufficient amounts of insurance; 

our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT; 

litigation, including costs associated with prosecuting or defending claims and any adverse outcomes; and 

possible environmental liabilities, including costs, fines or penalties that may be incurred due to necessary remediation of contamination of properties presently owned or previously owned by us. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement speaks
only as of the date on which it is made. New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for us to predict those events
or how they may affect us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Glossary 

 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

annualized rent means the monthly base rent for the applicable property or properties as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12 and then multiplied by our percentage ownership interest for such property, where applicable, and total annualized rent means the annualized rent for the applicable group of properties; 

capitalization rate means the ratio of a property s annual net operating income to its purchase price; 

Company Portfolio means the 157 distribution centers, warehouse, light industrial and small bay industrial properties which we wholly own as of December 31, 2022, and does not include our property management office located in Columbus, Ohio; 

gateway markets 
 means gateway cities and the following six largest metropolitan areas in the U.S., each generally consisting of more than
 300 million square feet of industrial space: Los Angeles, San Francisco, New York, Washington, DC, Miami and Seattle; 

OP units means units of limited partnership interest in our operating partnership; 

our operating partnership means Plymouth Industrial OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and the subsidiaries through which we conduct substantially all of our business; 

Plymouth, our company, we, us and our refer to Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, except where it is clear from the context that the term only means Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc., the issuer of the shares of Common and Preferred stock, in this annual report; 

primary markets means the following two metropolitan areas in the U.S., each generally consisting of more than 300 million square feet of industrial space: Chicago and Atlanta; 

secondary markets means for our purposes non-primary markets, each generally consisting of between 100 million and 300 million square feet of industrial space, including the following metropolitan areas in the U.S.: Austin, Baltimore, Boston, Charlotte, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Dallas, Detroit, Houston, Indianapolis, Jacksonville, Kansas City, Memphis, Milwaukee, Nashville, Norfolk, Orlando, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Raleigh/Durham, San Antonio, South Florida, St. Louis and Tampa; 
 
 Our definitions of primary and
secondary markets may vary from the definitions of these terms used by investors, analysts or other industrial REITs. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

 Overview 

 We are a full service, vertically
integrated, self-administered and self-managed REIT focused on the acquisition, ownership, management, redevelopment and development of
single and multi-tenant industrial properties, including distribution centers, warehouses, light industrial and small bay industrial properties,
located in primary and secondary markets, as well as select sub-markets, with access to large pools of skilled labor in the main industrial,
distribution and logistics corridors of the United States. The Company was founded in March 2011 by two of our executive officers, Jeffrey
Witherell and Pendleton White, Jr., each of whom have over 25 years of experience acquiring, owning and operating commercial real
estate properties. We are a Maryland corporation and our common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
 PLYM . Our headquarters and executive offices are located in Boston, Massachusetts. Additionally, we have regional offices
in Columbus, Ohio, Jacksonville, Florida, Memphis, Tennessee, and Atlanta, Georgia. 

 We are structured as an umbrella
partnership REIT, commonly called an UPREIT, and own substantially all of our assets and conduct substantially all of our business through
Plymouth Industrial OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company
owned a 98.9 equity interest in the Operating Partnership. Any net proceeds from our public offerings will be contributed to the Operating
Partnership in exchange for OP units. Our interest in the Operating Partnership will generally entitle us to share in cash distributions
from, and in the profits and losses of, our Operating Partnership in proportion to our percentage ownership. As the sole general partner
of the Operating Partnership, we generally have the exclusive power under the partnership agreement to manage and conduct its business
and affairs, subject to certain limited approval and voting rights of the limited partners. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s
portfolio consists of 157 industrial properties (the Company Portfolio comprising of 208 buildings located in twelve states
with an aggregate of approximately 33.8 million rentable square feet. The Company Portfolio was 99.0 leased to 478 different tenants
across 33 industry types as of December 31, 2022. 

 Investment Strategy 

 We intend to continue to focus
on the acquisition of industrial properties located in primary and secondary markets, as well as select sub-markets, with access to large
pools of skilled labor in the main industrial, distribution and logistics corridors of the United States, which we refer to as our target
markets. We believe industrial properties in such target markets will provide superior and consistent cash flow returns at generally lower
acquisition costs relative to replacement cost and to industrial properties in gateway markets. Further, we believe there is a greater
potential for higher rates of appreciation in the value of industrial properties in our target markets relative to industrial properties
in gateway markets. 

 We believe our target markets provide
us with opportunities to acquire both stabilized properties generating favorable cash flows, as well as properties where we can enhance
returns through leasing, value-add renovations, value-add redevelopment and ground-up development. We focus primarily on the following
investments: 

single-tenant and multi-tenant industrial properties where tenants are paying below-market rents with near-term lease expirations that we believe have a high likelihood of renewal at market rents; and 

multi-tenant industrial properties that we believe would benefit from our value-add management approach to create attractive leasing options for our tenants, and as a result of the presence of smaller tenants, obtain higher per-square-foot rents. 
 
 We believe there are a significant
number of attractive acquisition opportunities available to us in our target markets and that the fragmented ownership of industrial properties
within our target markets and the complex operating requirements of the industrial properties we target generally make it more difficult
for less-experienced or less-focused operators to access comparable investment opportunities on a consistent basis. While we will focus
on investment opportunities in our target markets, we may make opportunistic acquisitions of industrial properties in other markets when
we believe we can achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns. 

 We also intend to continue pursuing
joint venture arrangements with institutional partners which could provide management fee income, a residual profit-sharing income and
the ability to purchase properties out of the joint venture over time. Such joint ventures may involve investing in industrial assets
that would be characterized as opportunistic or value-add investments. These may involve development or redevelopment strategies that
may require significant up-front capital expenditures, lengthy lease-up periods and result in inconsistent cash flows. As such, these
properties risk profiles and return metrics would likely differ from the non-joint venture properties that we target for acquisition. 

 Investment Criteria 

 We believe that our market knowledge,
operations systems and internal processes allow us to efficiently analyze the risks associated with an asset s ability to produce
cash flow going forward. We blend fundamental real estate analysis with corporate credit analysis to make an assessment of probable cash
flows that will be realized in future periods. We also use data-driven and event-driven analytics and primary research to identify and
pursue emerging investment opportunities. 

1 

Our investment strategy focuses on
industrial properties in primary and secondary markets, as well as select sub-markets, with access to large pools of skilled labor in
the main industrial, distribution and logistics corridors of the United States for the following reasons: 

investment yields for industrial properties located in our target markets are often greater than investment yields on both industrial properties and other commercial property types located in gateway markets; 

we believe there is less competition for industrial properties in our target markets from institutional real estate buyers; our typical competitors are local investors who often do not have ready access to debt or equity capital; 

the industrial markets that we target are highly fragmented with complex operating requirements, which we believe makes it difficult for less-experienced or less-focused operators to access comparable investment opportunities on a consistent basis; 

we believe that there is a limited new supply of industrial space in our target markets; 

our target markets generally have less occupancy and rental rate volatility than gateway markets; 

we believe our target markets generally have more capital appreciation and growth potential at a lower cost basis than gateway markets; and 

we believe that the demand for e-commerce-related properties, or e-fulfillment facilities, will continue to grow and play a significant role in our investing strategy. 
 
 We seek to maximize our cash flows
through proactive asset management. Our asset management team actively manages our properties in an effort to maintain high retention
rates, lease vacant space, manage operating expenses and maintain our properties to an appropriate standard. In doing so, we have developed
strong tenant relationships. We intend to leverage those relationships and market knowledge to increase renewals, achieve market rents,
obtain early notification of departures to provide longer re-leasing periods and work with tenants to properly maintain the quality and
attractiveness of our properties. 

 Our asset management team functions
include strategic planning and decision-making, centralized leasing activities and management of third-party leasing companies. Our asset
management team oversees property management activities relating to our properties which include controlling capital expenditures and
expenses that are not reimbursable by tenants, making regular property inspections, overseeing rent collections and cost control and planning
and budgeting activities. Tenant relations matters, including monitoring of tenant compliance with their property maintenance obligations
and other lease provisions, will be handled by in-house personnel for most of our properties. 

 Financing Strategy 

 We intend to maintain a flexible
and growth-oriented capital structure. We intend to use the net proceeds from our public offerings along with additional indebtedness
to acquire industrial properties. Our additional indebtedness may include unsecured arrangements such as our revolving credit facility
and term loans, or, secured arrangements such as a mortgage. We believe that we will have the ability to leverage newly-acquired
properties with our long-term target debt-to-value ratio of less than 50 . We also anticipate using OP units to acquire properties from
existing owners interested in tax-deferred transactions. 

 Competition 

 In acquiring our properties, we
compete with other public industrial property sector REITs, income oriented non-traded REITs, private real estate fund managers and local
real estate investors and developers. Historically, local real estate investors and developers have represented our dominant competition
for acquisition opportunities, however, they do not typically have the same access to capital as afforded to us as a publicly traded entity.
We also face significant competition in leasing available space to prospective tenants and in re-leasing space to existing tenants. 

 We believe we have a competitive
advantage in sourcing attractive acquisitions because the competition for our target assets is primarily from local investors who are
not likely to have ready access to debt or equity capital. In addition, our umbrella partnership real estate investment trust, or UPREIT,
structure enables us to acquire industrial properties on a non-cash basis in a tax efficient manner through the issuance of OP units as
full or partial consideration for the transaction. We will also continue to develop our large existing network of relationships with real
estate and financial intermediaries. These individuals and companies give us access to significant deal flow both those broadly
marketed and those exposed through only limited marketing. The acquisition of properties will be transacted primarily from third-party
owners of existing leased buildings and secondarily from owner-occupiers through sale-leaseback transactions. 

 Regulation 

 General 

 Our properties are subject to various
laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to common areas and fire and safety requirements. We believe that we
have the necessary permits and approvals to operate each of our properties. 

2 

Americans with Disabilities Act 

 Our properties must comply with
Title III of the ADA to the extent that such properties are public accommodations as defined under the ADA. Under the ADA,
all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The ADA may require removal of
structural barriers to access by persons with disabilities in certain public areas of our properties where such removal is readily achievable.
Although we believe that the properties in the Company Portfolio in the aggregate substantially comply with present requirements of the
ADA, and we have not received any notice for correction from any regulatory agency, we have not conducted a comprehensive audit or investigation
of all of our properties to determine whether we are in compliance and therefore we may own properties that are not in compliance with
the ADA. 

 ADA compliance is dependent upon
the tenant s specific use of the property, and as the use of a property changes or improvements to existing spaces are made, we
will take steps to ensure compliance. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in additional costs to attain compliance, imposition of
fines by the U.S. government or an award of damages or attorney s fees to private litigants. The obligation to make readily achievable
accommodations is an ongoing one, and we will continue to assess our properties and to make alterations to achieve compliance as necessary. 

 Environmental Matters 

 The Company Portfolio is subject
to various federal, state and local environmental laws. Under these laws, courts and government agencies have the authority to require
us, as owner of a contaminated property, to clean up the property, even if we did not know of or were not responsible for the contamination.
These laws also apply to persons who owned a property at the time it became contaminated, and therefore, it is possible we could incur
these costs even after we sell some of the properties we acquire. In addition to the costs of cleanup, environmental contamination can
affect the value of a property and, therefore, an owner s ability to borrow using the property as collateral or to sell the property.
Under applicable environmental laws, courts and government agencies also have the authority to require that a person who sent waste to
a waste disposal facility, such as a landfill or an incinerator, pay for the clean-up of that facility if it becomes contaminated and
threatens human health or the environment. 

 Furthermore, various court decisions
have established that third parties may recover damages for injury caused by property contamination. For instance, a person exposed to
asbestos at one of our properties may seek to recover damages if he or she suffers injury from the asbestos. Lastly, some of these environmental
laws restrict the use of a property or place conditions on various activities. An example would be laws that require a business using
chemicals to manage them carefully and to notify local officials that the chemicals are being used. 

 We could be responsible for any
of the costs discussed above. The costs to clean up a contaminated property, to defend against a claim, or to comply with environmental
laws could be material and could adversely affect the funds available for distribution to our stockholders. We usually require Phase I
or similar environmental assessments by independent environmental consultants at the time of acquisition of a property. We generally expect
to continue to obtain a Phase I or similar environmental site assessments by independent environmental consultants on each property
prior to acquiring it. However, these environmental assessments may not reveal all environmental costs that might have a material adverse
effect on our business, assets, results of operations or liquidity and may not identify all potential environmental liabilities. 

 We can make no assurances that
(1) future laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose material environmental liabilities on us, or (2) the current environmental
condition of our properties will not be affected by tenants, the condition of land or operations in the vicinity of our properties (such
as releases from underground storage tanks), or by third parties unrelated to us. 

 Insurance 

 We carry commercial property, liability
and terrorism coverage on all the properties in the Company Portfolio under a blanket insurance policy. Generally, we do not carry insurance
for certain types of extraordinary losses, including, but not limited to, losses caused by riots, war, earthquakes and wildfires unless
the property is in a higher risk area for those events. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits are appropriate and adequate
given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and standard industry practice, however, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient
to fully cover all of our losses. In addition, our title insurance policies may not insure for the current aggregate market value of the
Company Portfolio, and we do not intend to increase our title insurance coverage as the market value of the Company Portfolio increases. 

 Human Capital 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had
forty-four full time employees. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. 

 We are committed to maintaining
a work culture that treats all employees fairly and with respect, promotes inclusivity, provides equal opportunities for the professional
development of our employees and advancement based on merit. As of December 31, 2022, females constituted approximately 40 of our workforce
and 40 of our managerial employees. We intend to continue utilizing a multifaceted recruiting, talent development, and internal promotion
strategy to expand the diversity of our employee base across all roles and functions. 

3 

To attract and retain top talent
in our highly competitive industry, we have designed our compensation and benefits programs to provide an effective reward structure aligned
with the achievement of key business objectives. Our employees are eligible for medical and dental insurance, a savings/retirement plan,
disability insurance and receive restricted stock grants per the 2014 Incentive Plan. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 We are not currently a party, as
plaintiff or defendant, to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become party to various lawsuits, claims and other
legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. There can be no assurance that these matters that may arise in the
future, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

 Our Corporate Information 

 Our principal executive offices
are located at 20 Custom House Street, 11 th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02110. Our telephone number is (617) 340-3814. Our
website is www.plymouthreit.com. We electronically file our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports
on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Access
to those reports and other filings with the SEC may be obtained, free of charge from our website, www.plymouthreit.com or through the
SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically
filed or furnished to the SEC. 

4 

Item 1A.
Risk Factors 

 The following risk factors and
other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations section, should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks
we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we may currently deem immaterial
also may impair our business operations. If any of the following or other risks occur, our business financial condition, operating results,
cash flows and distributions, as well as the market price of our securities, could be materially adversely affected. 

 Summary of Risk Factors 

 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations: 

Our assets are concentrated in the industrial real estate sector, and our business could be materially and adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector. 

Our assets are geographically concentrated in two primary and eleven secondary markets, which causes us to be especially susceptible to adverse developments in those markets. 

Our assets are comprised entirely of industrial properties located in primary and secondary markets, as well as select sub-markets, with access to large pools of skilled labor in the main industrial, distribution and logistics corridors of the United States, which subjects us to risks associated with concentrating the Company s portfolio on such assets. 

We are subject to risks associated with single tenant leases, and the default by one or more tenants could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial results. 

We are subject to risks related to tenant concentration, which could materially adversely affect our cash flows, result of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Associated with Our Indebtedness: 

Debt service payments on our significant indebtedness may leave us with insufficient cash resources to operate our properties or pay dividends as current contemplated or necessary to maintain our REIT qualification. 

Restrictive covenants in our debt instruments could restrict our operations and failure to comply with these restrictions could result in the acceleration of our debt. 

Unavailability of mortgage debt may make it difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire. 

Our existing loan agreements contain balloon payment obligations, which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to make distributions. 

Our existing loan agreements are secured by various properties within our portfolio or the equity of our property-owning subsidiaries, so a default under any of these loan documents could result in a loss of the secured properties. 

Our hedging strategies may not mitigate
 the risks related to our variable rate debt. 

An increase in interest rates could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry and
the Broader Economy: 

The illiquidity of real estate assets could significantly impede our ability to response to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial results. 

Any resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic
 or any unforeseen factor that emerges out of that pandemic or any other public health crisis could materially adversely affect
 our results of operations and financial results. 

Declining real estate valuations and impairment charges could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse economic conditions and any dislocations in the credit markets could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure: 

Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed, and the departure of one or more of our key personnel could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and to implement our growth strategy. 

5 

Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of the holders of the partnership interests of our operating partnership. 

Our charter and bylaws, the partnership agreement of our operating partnership and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer, or prevent a change of control transaction. 

Our charter contains certain ownership limits with respect to our stock. 

We could increase the number of authorized shares of stock, classify and reclassify unissued stock and issue stock without stockholder approval. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT: 

Failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to us. 

If our operating partnership failed to qualify as a partnership or a disregarded entity for federal tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a REIT. 

To maintain our REIT qualification, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. 

Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 

Complying with REIT requirements may affect our profitability and may force us to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 

 Our portfolio is concentrated in the industrial
real estate sector, and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector. 

 Our Company Portfolio is comprised
entirely of industrial properties, including distribution centers, warehouses, light industrial and small bay industrial properties. This
concentration may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in the industrial real estate sector to a greater extent than if our properties
were more diversified across other sectors of the real estate industry. In particular, an economic downturn affecting the market for industrial
properties could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and our ability to pay distributions
to our stockholders. 

 Our portfolio is geographically concentrated in
two primary and eleven secondary markets, which causes us to be especially susceptible to adverse developments in those markets. 

 In addition to general, regional,
national, and international economic conditions, our operating performance is impacted by the economic conditions of the specific geographic
markets in which we have concentrations of properties. Our wholly owned portfolio consists of holdings in the following markets (which
accounted for the percentage of our total annualized rent indicated) as of December 31, 2022: Chicago (21.1 ); Cleveland (12.6 ); Memphis
(12.1 ); Indianapolis (10.7 ); St. Louis (10.2 ); Jacksonville (9.5 ); Columbus (9.1 ); Cincinnati (6.7 ); Atlanta (4.7 ); Boston (1.2 );
Charlotte (0.8 ); Philadelphia (0.7 ); and Kansas City (0.6 ). This geographic concentration could adversely affect our operating
performance if conditions become less favorable in any of the markets in which we have a concentration of properties. We cannot assure
you that any of our target markets will grow or that underlying real estate fundamentals will be favorable to owners and operators of
industrial properties. Our operations may also be affected if competing properties are built in our target markets. Any adverse economic
or real estate developments in our target markets, or any decrease in demand for industrial space resulting from the regulatory environment,
business climate or energy or fiscal problems, could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations,
cash flow, our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 

 Our portfolio is comprised of industrial properties
in primary and secondary markets, as well as select sub-markets which subjects us to risks associated with concentrating our portfolio
on such assets. 

 Our portfolio is comprised of industrial
properties, including distribution centers, warehouses, light industrial and small bay industrial properties in primary and secondary
markets, as well as select sub-markets. While we believe that industrial properties in our targeted markets have shown positive
trends, we cannot give any assurance that these trends will continue. Any developments or circumstances that adversely affect the value
of such industrial properties generally could have a more significant adverse impact on us than if our portfolio was diversified by asset
type, which could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to
our stockholders. 

6 

Our business strategy depends on achieving revenue
growth from anticipated increases in demand for industrial space in our target markets; accordingly, any delay or a weaker than anticipated
economic recovery could materially and adversely affect us and our growth prospects. 

 Our business strategy depends on
achieving revenue growth and capital appreciation from anticipated near-term growth in demand for industrial space in our target markets
as a result of improving demographic trends and supply and demand fundamentals. As a result, any delay or a weaker than anticipated economic
recovery, particularly in our target markets, could materially and adversely affect us and our growth prospects. Furthermore, even if
economic conditions generally improve, we cannot provide any assurances that demand for industrial space in our target markets will increase
from current levels. If demand does not increase in the near future, or if demand weakens, our future results of operations and our growth
prospects could also be materially and adversely affected. 

 We may not be aware of characteristics or deficiencies
involving any one or all of the properties that we acquire in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 Newly acquired properties may have
characteristics or deficiencies unknown to us that could affect their valuation or revenue potential and such properties may not ultimately
perform to our expectations. We cannot assure you that the operating performance of any newly acquired properties will not decline under
our management. Any characteristics or deficiencies in any newly acquired properties that adversely affect the value of the properties
or their revenue-generation potential could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

 We are subject to risks associated with single-tenant
leases, and the default by one or more tenants could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

 We are subject to the risk that the
default, financial distress or bankruptcy of a single tenant could cause interruptions in the receipt of rental revenue and/or result
in a vacancy, which is likely to result in the complete reduction in the operating cash flows generated by the property leased to that
tenant and may decrease the value of that property. In addition, a majority of our leases generally require the tenant to pay all or substantially
all of the operating expenses normally associated with the ownership of the property, such as utilities, real estate taxes, insurance
and routine maintenance. Following a vacancy at a single-tenant property, we will be responsible for all of the operating costs at such
property until it can be re-let, if at all. 

 We may be unable to renew leases, lease vacant
space or re-lease space as leases expire. 

 Leases representing 9.7 , 19.4 
and 21.9 of the rentable square footage of the industrial properties in our portfolio will expire in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
We cannot assure you that our leases will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at rental rates equal to or above the current
average rental rates or that we will not offer substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market
renewal options to attract new tenants or retain existing tenants. If the rental rates for our properties decrease, or if our existing
tenants do not renew their leases or we do not re-lease a significant portion of our available space and space for which leases will expire,
our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of,
our stock could be adversely affected. 

 We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions
of properties that meet our investment criteria, which may have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects. 

 Our primary investment strategy
involves the acquisition of industrial properties located in primary and secondary markets, as well as select sub-markets, with access
to large pools of skilled labor in the main industrial, distribution and logistics corridors of the United States. These activities require
us to identify suitable acquisition candidates or investment opportunities that meet our investment criteria and are compatible with our
growth strategies. We may be unable to acquire properties identified as potential acquisition opportunities. Our ability to acquire properties
on favorable terms, or at all, may expose us to the following significant risks: 

we may incur significant costs and divert management attention in connection with evaluating and negotiating potential acquisitions, including ones that we are subsequently unable to complete; 

even if we enter into agreements for the acquisition of properties, these agreements are subject to conditions to closing, which we may be unable to satisfy; and 

we may be unable to finance any given acquisition on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 If we are unable to finance property
acquisitions or acquire properties on favorable terms, or at all, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability
to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock could be adversely affected. In addition, failure to identify or
complete acquisitions of suitable properties could limit our growth. 

7 

Our acquisition activities may pose risks that
could harm our business. 

 In connection with future acquisitions,
we may be required to incur debt and expenditures and issue additional common stock, preferred stock or units of limited partnership interest
in our operating partnership, or OP units, to pay for the acquired properties. These acquisitions may dilute our stockholders ownership
interests, delay or prevent our profitability and may also expose us to risks such as: 

the possibility that we may not be able to successfully integrate any future acquisitions into our portfolio; 

the possibility that senior management may be required to spend considerable time negotiating agreements and integrating acquired properties, diverting their attention from our other objectives; 

the possibility that we may overpay for a property; 

the possible loss or reduction in value of acquired properties; and 

the possibility of pre-existing undisclosed liabilities regarding acquired properties, including environmental or asbestos liability, for which our insurance may be insufficient or for which we may be unable to secure insurance coverage. 
 
 We cannot assure you that the price
for any future acquisitions will be similar to prior acquisitions. If our revenue does not keep pace with these potential acquisition
and expansion costs, we may incur net losses. There is no assurance that we will successfully overcome these risks or other problems encountered
with acquisitions. See risk factor We are a holding company with no direct operations and, as such, we will rely on funds
received from our operating partnership to pay liabilities, and the interests of our stockholders will be structurally subordinated to
all liabilities and obligations of our operating partnership and its subsidiaries. 

 We may obtain limited or no warranties when we
purchase a property, which increases the risk that we may lose invested capital in or rental income from such property. 

 The seller of a property will often
sell such property in its as is condition on a where is basis and with all faults, without any
warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase agreements may contain only limited warranties,
representations and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. Also, many sellers of real estate
are single-purpose entities without any other significant assets. The purchase of properties with limited warranties or from undercapitalized
sellers increases the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property as well as the loss of rental income from
such property. 

 We face significant competition for acquisitions
of industrial properties, which may reduce the number of acquisition opportunities available to us and increase the costs of these acquisitions. 

 The current market for acquisitions
of industrial properties in our target markets continues to be extremely competitive. This competition may increase the demand for our
target properties and, therefore, reduce the number of suitable acquisition opportunities available to us and increase the prices paid
for such acquisition properties. We also face significant competition for attractive acquisition opportunities from an indeterminate number
of investors, including publicly traded and privately held REITs, private equity investors and institutional investment funds, some of
which have greater financial resources than we do, a greater ability to borrow funds to acquire properties and the ability to accept more
risk than we can prudently manage, including risks with respect to the geographic proximity of investments and the payment of higher acquisition
prices. This competition will increase if investments in real estate become more attractive relative to other forms of investment. Competition
for investments may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us and may have the effect of increasing prices
paid for such acquisition properties and/or reducing the rents we can charge and, as a result, adversely affecting our operating results. 

 Our future acquisitions may not yield the returns
we expect. 

 Our future acquisitions and our
ability to successfully operate the properties we acquire in such acquisitions may be exposed to the following significant risks: 

even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price; 

we may acquire properties that are not accretive to our results upon acquisition, and we may not successfully manage and lease those properties to meet our expectations; 

our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 

we may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties; 

we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and as a result our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected; 

market conditions may result in higher-than-expected vacancy rates and lower than expected rental rates; and 

8 

we may acquire properties subject to
 liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities such as liabilities for
 clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by tenants, vendors or other persons dealing with the former owners of
 the properties, liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors,
 officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 
 
 If we cannot operate acquired properties
to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on,
and the per share trading price of, our stock could be materially and adversely affected. 

 We may not be able to successfully operate our
business or generate sufficient cash flows to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders as a publicly traded company. 

 We may not be able to successfully
operate our business or implement our operating policies and investment strategy as described in this prospectus. Failure to operate successfully
as a listed public company, to develop and implement appropriate control systems and procedures in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act or maintain our qualification as a REIT would have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow
and per share trading price of our stock. Furthermore, we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay our operating expenses,
service any debt we may incur in the future and make distributions to our stockholders. Our ability to successfully operate our business
and implement our operating policies and investment strategy will depend on many factors, including: 

the availability of, and our ability to identify, attractive acquisition opportunities consistent with our investment strategy; 

our ability to contain renovation, maintenance, marketing and other operating costs for our properties; 

our ability to maintain high occupancy rates and target rent levels; 

costs that are beyond our control, including title litigation, litigation with tenants, legal compliance, real estate taxes and insurance; interest rate levels and volatility, such as the accessibility of short- and long-term financing on desirable terms; and 

economic conditions in our target markets as well as the condition of the financial and real estate markets and the economy generally. 
 
 We face significant competition in the leasing
market, which may decrease or prevent increases of the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 

 We compete with numerous developers,
owners and operators of real estate, many of whom own properties similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our properties are located.
If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants,
we may lose existing or potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge or to offer
more substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options in order to retain tenants
when our tenants leases expire. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay
distributions on, and the value of, our stock could be adversely affected. 

 We may be required to make rent or other concessions
and/or significant capital expenditures to improve our properties in order to retain and attract tenants, causing our financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock to be adversely
affected. 

 In order to attract and retain
tenants, we may be required to make rent or other concessions to tenants, accommodate requests for renovations, build-to-suit remodeling
and other improvements or provide additional services to our tenants. Additionally, when a tenant at one of our properties does not renew
its lease or otherwise vacates its space, it is likely that, in order to attract one or more new tenants, we will be required to expend
funds for improvements in the vacated space. As a result, we may have to make significant capital or other expenditures in order to retain
tenants whose leases expire and to attract new tenants in sufficient numbers. Additionally, we may need to raise capital to make such
expenditures. If we are unable to do so or if capital is otherwise unavailable, we may be unable to make the required expenditures. This
could result in non-renewals by tenants upon expiration of their leases, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. 

 A substantial majority of the leases in our portfolio
are with tenants who have non-investment grade credit ratings, which may result in our leasing to tenants that are more likely to default
in their obligations to us than an entity with an investment grade credit rating. 

 A substantial majority of the leases
in our portfolio are with tenants who have non-investment grade credit ratings. The ability of a non-investment grade tenant to meet its
obligations to us cannot be considered as well assured as that of an investment grade tenant. All of our tenants may face exposure to
adverse business or economic conditions which could lead to an inability to meet their obligations to us. However, non-investment grade
tenants may not have the financial capacity or liquidity to adapt to these conditions or may have less diversified businesses, which may
exacerbate the effects of adverse conditions on their businesses. Moreover, the fact that so many of our tenants are not investment grade
may cause investors or lenders to view our cash flows as less stable, which may increase our cost of capital, limit our financing options
or adversely affect the trading price of our stock. 

9 

The actual rents we receive for our portfolio
may be less than our asking rents, and we may experience lease roll down from time to time. 

 As a result of various factors,
including competitive pricing pressure in our submarkets, adverse conditions in our target markets, a general economic downturn and a
decline in the desirability of our properties compared to other properties in our submarkets, we may be unable to realize the asking rents
for properties in our portfolio. In addition, the degree of discrepancy between our asking rents and the actual rents we are able to obtain
may vary both from property to property and among different leased spaces within a single property. If we are unable to obtain rental
rates comparable to our asking rents for the properties in our portfolio, our ability to generate cash flow growth will be negatively
impacted. In addition, depending on fluctuations in asking rental rates at any given time, from time-to-time rental rates for expiring
leases in our portfolio may be higher than starting rental rates for new leases. 

 Our acquisition of properties or portfolios of
properties through tax-deferred contribution transactions, which could result in stockholder dilution and limit our ability to sell such
assets. 

 We have acquired, and in the future
we may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax-deferred contribution transactions in exchange for OP units, which may
result in stockholder dilution. This acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation
we are able to deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties, and requires that we agree to protect the contributors ability
to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of the acquired properties and/or the allocation of
partnership debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. These restrictions limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or
on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions. 

 Potential losses, including from adverse weather
conditions and natural disasters, may not be covered by insurance. 

 We carry commercial property, liability
and terrorism coverage on all the properties in our portfolio under a blanket insurance policy, in addition to other coverages that may
be appropriate for certain of our properties. We will select policy specifications and insured limits that we believe to be appropriate
and adequate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice. Some of our policies will be insured subject
to limitations involving large deductibles or co-payments and policy limits that may not be sufficient to cover losses, which could affect
certain of our properties that are located in areas particularly susceptible to natural disasters. In addition, we may discontinue terrorism
or other insurance on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums for any such policies exceeds, in our judgment,
the value of the coverage discounted for the risk of loss. We do not carry insurance for certain types of extraordinary losses, such as
loss from riots, war, earthquakes and wildfires because such coverage may not be available or is cost prohibitive or available at a disproportionately
high cost. As a result, we may incur significant costs in the event of loss from riots, war, earthquakes, wildfires and other uninsured
losses. 

 If we or one or more of our tenants
experiences a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well
as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness,
we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged. Furthermore, we may not be able
to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable costs in the future as the costs associated with property and casualty renewals may
be higher than anticipated. 

 We may not be able to rebuild our portfolio to
its existing specifications if we experience a substantial or comprehensive loss of such properties. 

 In the event that we experience
a substantial or comprehensive loss of one of our properties, we may not be able to rebuild such property to its existing specifications.
Further, reconstruction or improvement of such a property would likely require significant upgrades to meet zoning and building code requirements.
Environmental and legal restrictions could also restrict the rebuilding of our properties. 

 We may be unable to sell a property if or when
we decide to do so. 

 We expect to hold the various properties
in our portfolio until such time as we decide that a sale or other disposition is appropriate. Our ability to dispose of properties on
advantageous terms depends on factors beyond our control, including competition from other sellers and the availability of attractive
financing for potential buyers of our properties. We cannot predict the various market conditions affecting the industrial real estate
market which will exist at any particular time in the future. Due to the uncertainty of market conditions which may affect the future
disposition of our properties, we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell our properties at a profit in the future, which could
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the value of,
our stock. 

 Furthermore, we may be required
to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure you that we will have funds
available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. 

10 

Joint venture investments could be adversely affected
by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on co-venturers financial condition and disputes between us and our
co-venturers. 

 We have co-invested and may co-invest
in the future with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing
responsibility for managing the affairs of a property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. In such event, we have not been and
would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity.
Investments in partnerships, joint ventures or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third
party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required
capital contributions. Partners or co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our
business interests or goals and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives, and they may have competing
interests in our markets that could create conflict of interest issues. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses
on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturers would have full control over the partnership or joint
venture. In addition, prior consent of our joint venture partners may be required for a sale or transfer to a third party of our interests
in the joint venture, which would restrict our ability to dispose of our interest in the joint venture. If we become a limited partner
or non-managing member in any partnership or limited liability company and such entity takes or expects to take actions that could jeopardize
our company s status as a REIT or require us to pay tax, we may be forced to dispose of our interest in such entity. Disputes between
us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or
directors from focusing their time and effort on our business. Consequently, actions by or disputes with partners or co-venturers might
result in subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in certain circumstances
be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers. Our joint ventures may be subject to debt and, in the current volatile
credit market, the refinancing of such debt may require equity capital calls. 

 If we fail to implement and maintain an effective
system of integrated internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. 

 We are required to implement substantial
control systems and procedures in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, satisfy our periodic and current reporting requirements
under applicable SEC regulations and comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
of 2010, or Dodd Frank, and the NYSE or other relevant listing standards. As a result, we will incur significant legal, accounting and
other expenses, and our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to comply with these rules and
regulations and establish the corporate infrastructure and control systems and procedures demanded of a publicly traded REIT. These costs
and time commitments could be substantially more than we currently expect. 

 Matters
impacting our internal controls may cause us to be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis and thereby subject us
to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC or violations of applicable stock exchange listing rules, and result
in a breach of the covenants under the agreements governing any of our financing arrangements. There could also be a negative reaction
in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in the Company and the reliability of our financial statements. Confidence
in the reliability of our financial statements could also suffer if we or our independent registered public accounting firm were to report
a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting. This could materially adversely affect us and lead to a decline
in the market price of our stock. 

 Our growth depends on external sources of capital
that are outside of our control and may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

 In order to maintain our qualification
as a REIT, we are required under the Code, among other things, to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined
without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, we will be subject to income tax at regular
corporate rates to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, including any net capital gains. Because of
these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including any necessary acquisition financing, from
operating cash flow. Consequently, we intend to rely on third-party sources to fund our capital needs. We may not be able to obtain such
financing on favorable terms or at all and any additional debt we incur will increase our leverage and likelihood of default. Our access
to third-party sources of capital depends, in part, on: 

general market conditions; 

the market s perception of our growth potential; 

our current debt levels; 

our current and expected future earnings; 

our cash flow and cash distributions; and 

the market price per share of our common stock. 
 
 In recent years, the capital markets
have been subject to significant disruptions. If we cannot obtain capital from third-party sources, we may not be able to acquire or develop
properties when strategic opportunities exist, meet the capital and operating needs of our portfolio, satisfy our debt service obligations
or make the cash distributions to our stockholders necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 

11 

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 

 We have significant indebtedness outstanding,
which may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 

 Our total consolidated indebtedness
as of December 31, 2022 consists of approximately 918.7 million of indebtedness. We may incur significant additional debt to finance
future acquisition and development activities. 

 Payments of principal and interest
on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash resources to operate our properties or to pay the dividends currently contemplated or
necessary to maintain our REIT qualification. Our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could have significant
adverse consequences, including the following: 

our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 

we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, which could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to meet operational needs; 

we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness; 

we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on unfavorable terms or in violation of certain covenants to which we may be subject; 

we may violate restrictive covenants in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations; and 

our default under any loan with cross default provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness. 
 
 If any one of these events were
to occur, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading
price of, our stock could be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, foreclosures could create taxable income without accompanying
cash proceeds, which could hinder our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, or the Code. 

 High mortgage rates and/or unavailability of mortgage
debt may make it difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire, our
net income and the amount of cash distributions we can make. 

 If mortgage debt is unavailable
to us in the future at reasonable rates, we may not be able to finance the purchase of additional properties or refinance our properties
on favorable terms or at all. If interest rates are higher when we refinance our properties, our income could be reduced. If any of these
events occur, our cash flow could be reduced. This, in turn, could reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders and materially
and adversely affect our ability to raise more capital by issuing additional equity securities or by borrowing more money. 

 Our existing loan agreements, and some of our
future financing arrangements are expected to, involve balloon payment obligations, which may materially and adversely affect our financial
condition and our ability to make distributions. 

 Our existing loan agreements require,
and some of our future financing arrangements may, require us to make a lump-sum or balloon payment at maturity. Our ability
to satisfy a balloon payment at maturity is uncertain and may depend upon our ability to obtain additional financing or our ability to
sell property securing such financing. At the time the balloon payment is due, we may or may not be able to refinance the existing financing
on terms as favorable as the original loan or sell the property at a price sufficient to satisfy the balloon payment. The effect of a
refinancing or sale could affect the rate of return to stockholders and the projected time of disposition of our assets. In addition,
payments of principal and interest made to service our debts may leave us with insufficient cash to pay the distributions that we are
required to pay to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 

 Our existing loan agreements contain, and future
indebtedness we incur may contain, various covenants, and the failure to comply with those covenants could materially and adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our
stock. 

 Our existing loan agreements contain,
and any future indebtedness we incur, including debt assumed pursuant to property acquisitions, may contain, certain covenants, which,
among other things, restrict our activities, including, as applicable, our ability to sell the underlying property without the consent
of the holder of such indebtedness, to repay or defease such indebtedness or to engage in mergers or consolidations that result in a change
in control of our company. We may also be subject to financial and operating covenants. Failure to comply with any of these covenants
would likely result in a default under the applicable indebtedness that would permit the acceleration of amounts due thereunder and under
other indebtedness and foreclosure of properties, if any, serving as collateral therefor. 

 Certain loan agreements are secured by various
properties within our portfolio, so a default under any of these loan documents could result in a loss of the secured properties. 

 Certain loan agreements are secured
by a first lien mortgage on various properties within our portfolio. A default under certain of the loan agreements could result in the
foreclosure on all, or a material portion, of the properties within our portfolio, which could leave us with insufficient cash to make
debt service payments under our loan agreements and to make distributions to our stockholders. 

12 

Our existing loan agreements restrict our ability
to engage in some business activities, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage and materially and adversely affect our results
of operations and financial condition. 

 Our existing loan agreements contain
customary negative covenants and other financial and operating covenants that, among other things: 

restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness; 

restrict our ability to dispose of properties; 

restrict our ability to make certain investments; 

restrict our ability to enter into material agreements; 

limit our ability to make capital expenditures; 

require us to maintain a specified amount of capital as guarantor; 

restrict our ability to merge with another company; 

restrict our ability to make distributions to stockholders; and 

require us to maintain financial coverage and leverage ratios. 
 
 These limitations could restrict
our ability to engage in some business activities, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. In addition, debt agreements we enter
into in the future may contain specific cross-default provisions with respect to specified other indebtedness, giving the lenders the
right to declare a default if we are in default under other loans in some circumstances. 

 Future mortgage and other secured debt obligations
expose us to the possibility of foreclosure, which could result in the loss of our investment in a property or group of properties subject
to mortgage debt. 

 Incurring mortgage and other secured
debt obligations increases our risk of property losses because defaults on indebtedness secured by properties may result in foreclosure
actions initiated by lenders and ultimately our loss of the property securing any loans for which we are in default. Any foreclosure on
a mortgaged property or group of properties could adversely affect the overall value of our portfolio. For tax purposes, a foreclosure
on any of our properties that is subject to a nonrecourse mortgage loan would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price
equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds
our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but would not receive any cash proceeds, which could
hinder our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Code. 

An increase in interest rates could adversely
impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows could be significantly affected by changes in interest rates and actions taken by the Federal Reserve or
changes in the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The Federal Reserve raised interest rates 350 basis points in 2022.
Future increases in market interest rates would increase our interest expense under our unhedged variable rate borrowings and would increase
the costs of refinancing existing indebtedness or obtaining new debt. In addition, increases in market interest rates may result in a
decrease in the value of our real estate and a decrease in the market price of our common stock. Increases in market interest rates may
also adversely affect the securities markets generally, which could reduce the market price of our common stock without regard to our
operating performance. Accordingly, unfavorable changes to our borrowing costs and stock price could significantly impact our ability
to access new debt and equity capital going forward. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 77.5 million (or 8.5 of our
indebtedness then outstanding) in variable rate debt outstanding not hedged by interest rate swaps. If we are unable to enter into hedge
agreements with respect to, or otherwise refinance, this indebtedness with acceptable terms, the ultimate impact of future interest rate
increases could result in unanticipated reductions in our net operating income. 

13 

Our hedging strategies may not mitigate our risks
associated with variable interest rates 

 Changes in the interest rates
on a material portion of our variable rate debt (48.9 have been hedged by interest rate swap agreements. These derivative
financial instruments involve certain risks, such as the risk of failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the contract,
that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes and that a court could rule that such
agreements are not legally enforceable. These instruments may also produce non-qualifying REIT income for purposes of REIT income tests.
In addition, the nature, timing and costs of hedging transactions may influence the effectiveness of our hedging strategies. Poorly designed
strategies or improperly executed transactions could actually increase our risk and losses. We cannot assure you that our hedging strategies
and derivative financial instruments will adequately offset the risk of interest rate volatility or that such instruments will not result
in losses that may adversely impact our financial condition. 

 Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry and the Broader
Economy 

 Our performance and value are subject to risks
associated with real estate assets and the real estate industry. 

 Our ability to pay expected dividends
to our stockholders depends on our ability to generate revenues in excess of expenses, scheduled principal payments on debt and capital
expenditure requirements. Events and conditions generally applicable to owners and operators of real property that are beyond our control
may decrease cash available for distribution and the value of our properties. These events include many of the risks set forth above under
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations, as well as the following: 

local oversupply or reduction in demand for industrial space; 

adverse changes in financial conditions of buyers, sellers and tenants of properties; 

vacancies or our inability to rent space on favorable terms, including possible market pressures to offer tenants rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options, and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-lease space; 

increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities, real estate taxes and state and local taxes; 

civil unrest, acts of war, terrorist attacks and natural disasters, including earthquakes, floods and wildfires, which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses; 

decreases in the underlying value of our real estate; 

changing submarket demographics; and 

changing traffic patterns. 
 
 In addition, periods of economic
downturn or recession, rising interest rates or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may
occur, could result in a general decline in rents or an increased incidence of defaults under existing leases, which would adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of,
our stock. 

 The resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic
or any unforeseen factor that emerges out of that pandemic or otherwise could materially adversely affect our results of operations and
financial results. 

 The COVID-19 pandemic
severely impacted global economic activity, caused significant volatility in and negative pressure on the financial markets and has
had adverse effects on almost every industry, directly or indirectly. A number of our tenants have been impacted by precautionary
health measures as they either temporarily closed down their operations or scaled back activity in order to comply,
causing a strain on their ability to generate revenue. As such, our future operations may be adversely impacted if our tenants
are unable to generate revenue and pay their rent due as a result of any actions taken to contain or treat the impact of
COVID-19. The extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be
predicted. 

 Any resurgence of the COVID-19
pandemic or any future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of infectious disease could have material and adverse effects on our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash flows due to, among other factors, the following: 

governmental authorities requiring the closure
 of offices or other businesses or instituting quarantines of personnel as a result of, or in order to avoid, exposure to a contagious
 disease; 

disruption in supply and delivery chains; 

a general decline in business activity and
 demand for real estate; 

the repurposing or redevelopment of properties
 made obsolete by the pandemic; 

reduced economic activity, general economic
 decline or recession, which may impact our tenants businesses, financial condition and liquidity and may cause one or more
 of our tenants to be unable to make rent payments to us timely, or at all, or to otherwise seek modifications of their lease obligations; 

14 

difficulty accessing debt and equity capital
 on attractive terms, or at all, and a significant disruption and instability in global financial markets or deteriorations in credit
 and financing conditions, which may affect our access to capital to fund business operations or address maturing liabilities on a
 timely basis; and 

the potential negative impact on the health
 of our personnel, particularly if a significant number of our employees are impacted, which may result in a deterioration of our
 ability to maintain business continuity during a disruption. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic did not
have a significant negative impact on our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. We did not enter into any rent deferrals or
rent abatements as a result of the pandemic during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 Additional unforeseen factors
may emerge from time-to-time, and we cannot predict which factors will arise or their ultimate impact on our operations or the extent
to which any such factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. Any
further downward changes in the economy, whether local, national or global, resulting from COVID-19 or some other unforeseen event, could
materially adversely affect the value of our properties and our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly
impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial condition. 

 The real estate investments made,
and to be made, by us are relatively difficult to sell quickly. As a result, our ability to promptly sell one or more properties in our
portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions is limited. Return of capital and realization of gains,
if any, from an investment generally will occur upon disposition or refinancing of the underlying property. We may be unable to realize
our investment objectives by sale, other disposition or refinancing at attractive prices within any given period of time or may otherwise
be unable to complete any exit strategy. Our ability to dispose of one or more properties within a specific time period is subject to
the possible weakness in or even the lack of an established market for a property, changes in the financial condition or prospects of
prospective purchasers, changes in national or international economic conditions, and changes in laws, regulations or fiscal policies
of jurisdictions in which the property is located. 

 In addition, the Code imposes restrictions
on a REIT s ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. In particular, the
tax laws applicable to REITs effectively require that we hold our properties for investment, rather than primarily for sale in the ordinary
course of business, which may cause us to forego or defer sales of properties that otherwise would be in our best interest. Therefore,
we may not be able to vary our portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on favorable terms, which may adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price
of, our stock. 

 Any real estate development and redevelopment
activities are subject to risks particular to development and redevelopment. 

 We may engage in development and
redevelopment activities with respect to certain properties. To the extent that we do so, we will be subject to the following risks associated
with such development and redevelopment activities: 

unsuccessful development or redevelopment opportunities could result in direct expenses to us; 

construction or redevelopment costs of a project may exceed original estimates, possibly making the project less profitable than originally estimated, or unprofitable; 

time required to complete the construction or redevelopment of a project or to lease up the completed project may be greater than originally anticipated, thereby adversely affecting our cash flow and liquidity; 

contractor and subcontractor disputes, strikes, labor disputes or supply disruptions; 

failure to achieve expected occupancy and/or rent levels within the projected time frame, if at all; 

delays with respect to obtaining or the inability to obtain necessary zoning, occupancy, land use and other governmental permits, and changes in zoning and land use laws; 

occupancy rates and rents of a completed project may not be sufficient to make the project profitable; 

our ability to dispose of properties developed or redeveloped with the intent to sell could be impacted by the ability of prospective buyers to obtain financing given the current state of the credit markets; and 

the availability and pricing of financing to fund our development activities on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 These risks could result in substantial
unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of development or redevelopment activities
once undertaken, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability
to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. 

15 

Declining real estate valuations and impairment
charges could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay distributions
on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. 

 We intend to review the carrying
value of our properties when circumstances, such as adverse market conditions, indicate a potential impairment may exist. We intend to
base our review on an estimate of the future cash flows (excluding interest charges) expected to result from the property s use
and eventual disposition on an undiscounted basis. We intend to consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects,
as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. If our evaluation indicates that we may be unable to recover
the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss will be recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the
estimated fair value of the property. 

 Impairment losses have a direct
impact on our operating results because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to our operating results.
The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates
and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. A worsening real estate market may cause
us to reevaluate the assumptions used in our impairment analysis. Impairment charges could materially adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. 

 Adverse economic conditions and the dislocation
in the credit markets could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay
distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. 

 Ongoing challenging economic conditions
have negatively impacted the lending and capital markets, particularly for real estate. The capital markets have experienced significant
adverse conditions in recent years, including a substantial reduction in the availability of, and access to, capital. The risk premium
demanded by lenders has increased markedly, as they are demanding greater compensation for risk, and underwriting standards have been
tightened. In addition, failures and consolidations of certain financial institutions have decreased the number of potential lenders,
resulting in reduced lending sources available to the market. These conditions may limit the amount of indebtedness we are able to obtain
and our ability to refinance our indebtedness and may impede our ability to develop new properties and to replace construction financing
with permanent financing, which could result in our having to sell properties at inopportune times and on unfavorable terms. If these
conditions continue, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay distributions on, and the per share
trading price of, our stock could be materially adversely affected. 

 The lack of availability of debt
financing may require us to rely more heavily on additional equity issuances, which may be dilutive to our current stockholders, or on
less efficient forms of debt financing. Additionally, the limited amount of financing currently available may reduce the value of our
properties and limit our ability to borrow against such properties, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results
of operations, cash flows and ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. 

 Acquired properties may be located in new markets
where we may face risks associated with investing in an unfamiliar market. 

 We have acquired, and may continue
to acquire, properties in markets that are new to us. When we acquire properties located in new markets, we may face risks associated
with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity
with local government and permitting procedures. 

 We may choose not to distribute the proceeds of
any sales of real estate to our stockholders, which may reduce the amount of our cash distributions to stockholders. 

 We may choose not to distribute
any proceeds from the sale of real estate investments to our stockholders. Instead, we may elect to use such proceeds to: 

acquire additional real estate investments; 

repay debt; 

buy out interests of any partners in any joint venture in which we are a party; 

create working capital reserves; or 

make repairs, maintenance, tenant improvements or other capital improvements or expenditures on our other properties. 
 
 Any decision to retain or invest
the proceeds of any sales, rather than distribute such proceeds to our stockholders may reduce the amount of cash distributions you receive
on your stock. 

16 

Uninsured losses relating to real property may
adversely affect your returns. 

 We attempt to ensure that all of
our properties are adequately insured to cover casualty losses. However, there are certain losses, including losses from floods, earthquakes,
wildfires, acts of war, acts of terrorism or riots, that are not generally insured against or that are not generally fully insured against
because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. In addition, changes in the cost or availability of insurance could
expose us to uninsured casualty losses. In the event that any of our properties incurs a casualty loss that is not fully covered by insurance,
the value of our assets will be reduced by the amount of any such uninsured loss, and we could experience a significant loss of capital
invested and potential revenue in these properties and could potentially remain obligated under any recourse debt associated with the
property. Moreover, we, as the general partner of our operating partnership, generally will be liable for all of our operating partnership s
unsatisfied recourse obligations, including any obligations incurred by our operating partnership as the general partner of joint ventures.
Any such losses could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay distributions on,
and the per share trading price of, our stock. In addition, we may have no source of funding to repair or reconstruct the damaged property,
and we cannot assure you that any such sources of funding will be available to us for such purposes in the future. We evaluate our insurance
coverage annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared by outside consultants. 

 Our property taxes could increase due to property
tax rate changes or reassessment, which could adversely impact our cash flows. 

 Even if we maintain our qualification
as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will be required to pay some state and local taxes on our properties. The real property
taxes on our properties may increase as property tax rates change or as our properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities.
The amount of property taxes we pay in the future may increase substantially from what we have paid in the past. If the property taxes
we pay increase, our cash flow would be adversely impacted to the extent that we are not reimbursed by tenants for those taxes, and our
ability to pay any expected dividends to our stockholders could be adversely affected. 

 Existing conditions at some of our properties
may expose us to liability related to environmental matters. 

 Independent environmental consultants
conducted a Phase I or similar environmental site assessment of our properties at the time of their acquisition or in connection with
subsequent financings. Such Phase I or similar environmental site assessments are limited in scope and may not include or identify all
potential environmental liabilities or risks associated with the relevant properties. We have not obtained and do not intend to obtain
new or updated Phase I or similar environmental site assessments, which may expose us to liability related to unknown or unanticipated
environmental matters. Unless required by applicable laws or regulations, we may not further investigate, remedy or ameliorate the liabilities
disclosed in the existing Phase I or similar environmental site assessments and this failure may expose us to liability in the future. 

 We could incur significant costs related to government
regulation and litigation over environmental matters. 

 Under various federal, state and
local laws and regulations relating to the environment, as a current or former owner or operator of real property, we may be liable for
costs and damages resulting from the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances, waste or petroleum products at, on, in, under
or migrating to or from such property, including costs to investigate, clean up such contamination and liability for harm to natural resources.
Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such
contamination, and the liability may be joint and several. These liabilities could be substantial and the cost of any required remediation,
removal, fines or other costs could exceed the value of the property and/or our aggregate assets. In addition, the presence of contamination
or the failure to remediate contamination at our properties may expose us to third-party liability for costs of remediation and/or personal,
property, or natural resources damage or materially adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop our properties or to borrow
using the properties as collateral. In addition, environmental laws may create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government
for damages and costs it incurs to address such contamination. Moreover, if contamination is discovered on our properties, environmental
laws may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require
substantial expenditures. 

 Some of the properties in our portfolio
have been or may be impacted by contamination arising from current or prior uses of the property, or adjacent properties, for commercial
or industrial purposes. Such contamination may arise from spills of petroleum or hazardous substances or releases from tanks used to store
such materials. 

17 

From time to time, we may acquire
properties with known adverse environmental conditions where we believe that the environmental liabilities associated with these conditions
are quantifiable and that the acquisition will yield a superior risk-adjusted return. We perform a Phase I environmental site assessment
at any property we are considering acquiring. In connection with certain financing transactions our lenders have commissioned independent
environmental consultants to conduct Phase I environmental site assessments on the properties in our portfolio. However, we have not always
received copies of the Phase I environmental site assessment reports commissioned by our lenders and, as such, may not be aware of all
potential or existing environmental contamination liabilities at the properties in our portfolio. In addition, Phase I environmental site
assessments are limited in scope and do not involve sampling of soil, soil vapor, or groundwater, and these assessments may not include
or identify all potential environmental liabilities or risks associated with the property. Even where subsurface investigation is performed,
it can be very difficult to ascertain the full extent of environmental contamination or the costs that are likely to flow from such contamination.
We cannot assure you that the Phase I environmental site assessment or other environmental studies identified all potential environmental
liabilities, or that we will not face significant remediation costs or other environmental contamination that makes it difficult to sell
any affected properties. Also, we have not always implemented actions recommended by these assessments, and recommended investigation
and remediation of known or suspected contamination has not always been performed. As a result, we could potentially incur material liability
for these issues, which could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay distributions
on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. 

 Environmental laws also govern
the presence, maintenance and removal of asbestos-containing building materials, or ACBM, and may impose fines and penalties for failure
to comply with these requirements. Such laws require that owners or operators of buildings containing ACBM (and employers in such buildings)
properly manage and maintain the asbestos, adequately notify or train those who may come into contact with asbestos, and undertake special
precautions, including removal or other abatement, if asbestos would be disturbed during renovation or demolition of a building. In addition,
the presence of ACBM in our properties may expose us to third-party liability e.g ., liability for personal injury associated with
exposure to asbestos). 

 In addition, the properties in
our portfolio also are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety requirements, such as state and
local fire requirements. Moreover, some of our tenants routinely handle and use hazardous or regulated substances and wastes as part of
their operations at our properties, which are subject to regulation. Such environmental and health and safety laws and regulations could
subject us or our tenants to liability resulting from these activities. Environmental liabilities could affect a tenant s ability
to make rental payments to us. In addition, changes in laws could increase the potential liability for noncompliance. This may result
in significant unanticipated expenditures or may otherwise materially and adversely affect our operations, or those of our tenants, which
could in turn have a material adverse effect on us. 

 We cannot assure you that costs
or liabilities incurred as a result of environmental issues will not affect our ability to make distributions to you or that such costs
or other remedial measures will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability
to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. If we do incur material environmental liabilities in the future,
we may face significant remediation costs, and we may find it difficult to sell any affected properties. 

 Our properties may contain or develop harmful
mold or suffer from other air quality issues, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediation. 

 When excessive moisture accumulates
in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed
over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation,
chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources, and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor
exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms,
including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties
could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected
property or increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us
to liability from our tenants, employees of our tenants or others if property damage or personal injury is alleged to have occurred. 

 We may incur significant costs complying with
various federal, state and local laws, regulations and covenants that are applicable to our properties. 

 The properties in our portfolio
are subject to various covenants and federal, state and local laws and regulatory requirements, including permitting and licensing requirements.
Local regulations, including municipal or local ordinances and zoning restrictions may restrict our use of our properties and may require
us to obtain approval from local officials or restrict our use of our properties and may require us to obtain approval from local officials
of community standards organizations at any time with respect to our properties, including prior to acquiring a property or when undertaking
renovations of any of our portfolio. Among other things, these restrictions may relate to fire and safety, seismic or hazardous material
abatement requirements. There can be no assurance that existing laws and regulatory policies will not adversely affect us or the timing
or cost of any future acquisitions or renovations, or that additional regulations will not be adopted that increase such delays or result
in additional costs. Our growth strategy may be adversely affected by our ability to obtain permits, licenses and zoning relief. Our failure
to obtain such permits, licenses and zoning relief or to comply with applicable laws could have an adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. 

18 

In addition, federal and state
laws and regulations, including laws such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, and the Fair Housing Amendment Act of 1988,
or FHAA, impose further restrictions on our properties and operations. Under the ADA and the FHAA, all public accommodations must meet
federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Some of our properties may currently be in non-compliance with the
ADA or the FHAA. If one or more of the properties in our portfolio is not in compliance with the ADA, the FHAA or any other regulatory
requirements, we may be required to incur additional costs to bring the property into compliance, including the removal of access barriers,
and we might incur governmental fines or the award of damages to private litigants. In addition, we do not know whether existing requirements
will change or whether future requirements will require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures that will adversely impact our
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our
stock. 

 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 

 Our success depends on key personnel whose continued
service is not guaranteed, and the departure of one or more of our key personnel could adversely affect our ability to manage our business
and to implement our growth strategies or could create a negative perception in the capital markets. 

 Our continued success and our ability
to manage anticipated future growth depend, in large part, upon the efforts of key personnel, particularly Mr. Jeffrey E. Witherell, our
Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Pendleton P. White, Jr., our President and Chief Investment Officer, who have extensive market knowledge
and relationships and exercise substantial influence over our operational, financing, acquisition and disposition activity. 

 Our ability to retain our senior
management, particularly Messrs. Witherell and White, or to attract suitable replacements should any member of our senior management leave,
is dependent on the competitive nature of the employment market. We have not obtained and do not expect to obtain key man life insurance
on any of our key personnel. The loss of services of one or more members of our senior management team, or our inability to attract and
retain highly qualified personnel, could adversely affect our business, diminish our investment opportunities and weaken our relationships
with lenders, business partners, existing and prospective tenants and industry participants. Further, the loss of a member of our senior
management team could be negatively perceived in the capital markets. Any of these developments could adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the value of, our stock. 

 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise
in the future between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of holders of OP units, which may impede business decisions
that could benefit our stockholders. 

 Conflicts of interest may exist
or could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and our operating partnership
or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our company under Maryland law in connection with their
management of our company. At the same time, we, as the general partner of our operating partnership, have fiduciary duties and obligations
to our operating partnership and its limited partners under Delaware law and the partnership agreement of our operating partnership in
connection with the management of our operating partnership. Our fiduciary duties and obligations as the general partner of our operating
partnership may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our company. 

 Under Delaware law, a general partner
of a Delaware limited partnership has fiduciary duties of loyalty and care to the partnership and its partners and must discharge its
duties and exercise its rights as general partner under the partnership agreement or Delaware law consistent with the obligation of good
faith and fair dealing. The partnership agreement provides that, in the event of a conflict between the interests of our operating partnership
or any partner, on the one hand, and the separate interests of our company or our stockholders, on the other hand, we, in our capacity
as the general partner of our operating partnership, may give priority to the separate interests of our company or our stockholders (including
with respect to tax consequences to limited partners, assignees or our stockholders), and, in the event of such a conflict, any action
or failure to act on our part or on the part of our directors that gives priority to the separate interests of our company or our stockholders
that does not result in a violation of the contract rights of the limited partners of our operating partnership under its partnership
agreement does not violate the duty of loyalty or any other duty that we, in our capacity as the general partner of our operating partnership,
owe to our operating partnership and its partners or violate the obligation of good faith and fair dealing. 

19 

Additionally, the partnership agreement
provides that we generally will not be liable to our operating partnership or any partner for any action or omission taken in our capacity
as general partner, for the debts or liabilities of our operating partnership or for the obligations of the operating partnership under
the partnership agreement, except for liability for our fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence, pursuant to any express indemnity
we may give to our operating partnership or in connection with a redemption of our OP units. Our operating partnership must indemnify
us, our directors and officers, officers of our operating partnership and our designees from and against any and all claims that relate
to the operations of our operating partnership, unless (1) an act or omission of the person was material to the matter giving rise to
the action and either was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (2) the person actually received
an improper personal benefit in violation or breach of the partnership agreement or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the indemnified
person had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. Our operating partnership must also pay or reimburse the
reasonable expenses of any such person in advance of a final disposition of the proceeding upon its receipt of a written affirmation of
the person s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification has been met and a written undertaking
to repay any amounts paid or advanced if it is ultimately determined that the person did not meet the standard of conduct for indemnification.
Our operating partnership is not required to indemnify or advance funds to any person with respect to any action initiated by the person
seeking indemnification without our approval (except for any proceeding brought to enforce such person s right to indemnification
under the partnership agreement) or if the person is found to be liable to our operating partnership on any portion of any claim in the
action. 

 Our charter and bylaws, the partnership
agreement of our operating partnership and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. 

 Our charter contains certain ownership limits
with respect to our stock. 

 Our charter authorizes our board
of directors to take such actions as it determines are advisable, in its sole and absolute discretion, to preserve our qualification as
a REIT. Our charter also prohibits the actual, beneficial or constructive ownership by any person of more than 9.8 in value or number
of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock, in each case excluding
any shares that are not treated as outstanding for federal income tax purposes. Our board of directors, in its sole and absolute discretion,
may exempt a person, prospectively or retroactively, from these ownership limits if certain conditions are satisfied. However, our bylaws
provide that the board of directors must waive the ownership limit with respect to a particular person if it: (1) determines that such
person s ownership will not cause any individual s beneficial ownership of shares of our stock to violate the ownership limit
and that any exemption from the ownership limit will not jeopardize our status as a REIT; and (2) determines that such stockholder does
not and will not own, actually or constructively, an interest in a tenant of ours (or a tenant of any entity whose operations are attributed
in whole or in part to us) that would cause us to own, actually or constructively, more than a 9.8 interest (as set forth in Section
856(d)(2)(B) of the Code) in such tenant or that any such ownership would not cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT under the Code. The
restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock may: 

discourage a tender offer or other transactions or a change in management or of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests; or 

result in the transfer of shares acquired in excess of the restrictions to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer of the benefits of owning the additional shares. 
 
 We could increase the number of authorized shares
of stock, classify and reclassify unissued stock and issue stock without stockholder approval. 

 Our board of directors, without stockholder
approval, has the power under our charter to amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares
of stock of any class or series that we are authorized to issue, to authorize us to issue authorized but unissued shares of our common
stock or preferred stock and to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock into one or more classes
or series of stock and set the terms of such newly classified or reclassified shares. As a result, we may issue additional classes or
series of preferred stock with preferences, powers and rights, voting or otherwise, that are senior to, or otherwise conflict with, the
rights of holders of our common stock and could, depending on the terms of such series, delay or prevent a transaction or change of control
that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. The holders
of our common stock bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our securities and diluting their proportionate
ownership. 

 The rights of the holders of our common stock
are limited by and subordinate to the rights of the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock and these rights
may have a negative effect on the value of shares of our common stock. 

 The holders of shares of our 7.50 
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, or the Series A Preferred Stock, have rights and preferences generally senior to those of the holders of our common stock. The existence
of these senior rights and preferences may have a negative impact on the value of shares of our common stock. These rights are more fully
set forth in the articles supplementary governing our Series A Preferred Stock and include but are not limited
to: (i) the right to receive a liquidation preference, prior to any distribution of our assets to the holders of our common stock and
(ii) the right to cause us to redeem the shares of Series A Preferred Stock under certain circumstances. 

20 

Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit
changes in control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions
that could trigger rights to require us to redeem our shares of common stock. 

 Certain provisions of the Maryland
General Corporate Law MGCL may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or
of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of our common stock with the opportunity
to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares, including: 

business combination provisions
 that, subject to certain exceptions, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder 
 (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate thereof or an
 affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then
 outstanding voting stock at any time within the two-year period); and 

control share provisions that provide that holders of control shares of our company (defined as shares that, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise voting power in the election of directors within one of three increasing ranges) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of the voting power of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions) have no voting rights with respect to their control shares, except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 
 As permitted by the MGCL, our bylaws
provide that we will not be subject to the control share provisions of the MGCL, and our board of directors has, by resolution, exempted
us from the business combination between us and any other person. In addition, the board resolution opting out of the business combination
provisions of the MGCL provides that any alteration or repeal of the resolution shall be valid only if approved, at a meeting duly called,
by the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote generally for directors, and our bylaws provide that
any such alteration or repeal of the resolution, or any amendment, alteration or repeal of the provision in our bylaws exempting from
the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock, will be valid only if approved, at
a meeting duly called, by the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote generally for directors. 

 Certain provisions of the MGCL permit
the board of directors of a Maryland corporation with at least three independent directors and a class of stock registered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently
provided in its charter or bylaws, to implement certain corporate governance provisions, some of which (for example, a classified board)
are not currently applicable to us. These provisions may have the effect of limiting or precluding a third party from making an unsolicited
acquisition proposal for our company or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could
provide the holders of our stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the current market price. 

 Certain provisions in the partnership agreement
of our operating partnership may delay or prevent unsolicited acquisitions of us. 

 Provisions of the partnership agreement
of our operating partnership may delay or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions of us or changes of our control. These provisions
could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an unsolicited acquisition of us or change of our control, although some
stockholders or limited partners might consider such proposals, if made, desirable. These provisions include, among others: 

redemption rights of qualifying parties; 

a requirement that we may not be removed as the general partner of our operating partnership without our consent; 

transfer restrictions on OP units; 

our ability, as general partner, in some cases, to amend the partnership agreement and to cause our operating partnership to issue additional partnership interests with terms that could delay, defer or prevent a merger or other change of control of us or our operating partnership without the consent of our stockholders or the limited partners; and 

the right of the limited partners to consent to certain transfers of our general partnership interest (whether by sale, disposition, statutory merger or consolidation, liquidation or otherwise). 
 
 Our charter and bylaws, the partnership
agreement of our operating partnership and Maryland law also contain other provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or
a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their
best interest. 

 Our board of directors may change our investment
and financing policies without stockholder approval, and we may become more highly leveraged, which may increase our risk of default under
our debt obligations. 

 Our investment and financing policies
are exclusively determined by our board of directors. Accordingly, our stockholders, do not control these policies. Further, our charter
and bylaws do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness, funded or otherwise, that we may incur. Our board of directors may alter
or eliminate our current policy on borrowing at any time without stockholder approval. If this policy changed, we could become more highly
leveraged which could result in an increase in our debt service. Higher leverage also increases the risk of default on our obligations.
In addition, a change in our investment policies, including the manner in which we allocate our resources across our portfolio or the types
of assets in which we seek to invest, may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, real estate market fluctuations and liquidity risk.
Changes to our policies with regard to the foregoing could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows
and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. 

21 

Our rights and the rights of our stockholders
to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 

 As permitted by Maryland law, our
charter eliminates the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting
from: 

actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 

active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment and was material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 
 In addition, our charter authorizes
us to obligate our company, and our bylaws require us, to indemnify our directors and officers for actions taken by them in those and
certain other capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time. Generally, Maryland law permits
a Maryland corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers except in instances where the person seeking indemnification
acted in bad faith or with active and deliberate dishonesty, actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services
or, in the case of a criminal proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her actions were unlawful. Under Maryland law, a
Maryland corporation also may not indemnify a director or officer in a suit by or on behalf of the corporation in which the director or
officer was adjudged liable to the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received.
A court may order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification,
even though the director or officer did not meet the prescribed standard of conduct; however, indemnification for an adverse judgment
in a suit by us or on our behalf, or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, is limited
to expenses. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise
exist. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken in good faith by any of our directors or officers impede the performance of our company,
your ability to recover damages from such director or officer will be limited. 

 We are a holding company with no direct operations
and, as such, we will rely on funds received from our operating partnership to pay liabilities, and the interests of our stockholders
will be structurally subordinated to all liabilities and obligations of our operating partnership and its subsidiaries. 

 We are a holding company and conduct substantially all
of our operations through our operating partnership. We do not have, apart from an interest in our operating partnership, any independent
operations. As a result, we will rely on distributions from our operating partnership to pay any distributions we might declare on our
stock. We will also rely on distributions from our operating partnership to meet any of our obligations, including any tax liability on
taxable income allocated to us from our operating partnership. In addition, because we are a holding company, your claims as stockholders
will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations (whether or not for borrowed money) of our operating
partnership and its subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, our assets and those of our
operating partnership and its subsidiaries will be available to satisfy the claims of our stockholders only after all of our and our operating
partnership s and its subsidiaries liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. 

 Our operating partnership may issue
additional OP units to third parties without the consent of our stockholders, which would reduce our ownership percentage in our operating
partnership and would have a dilutive effect on the amount of distributions made to us by our operating partnership and, therefore, the
amount of distributions we can make to our stockholders. 

 As of December 31, 2022, we have
490,299 OP units outstanding, which were issued in connection with the acquisition of certain properties in our portfolio, and we may
in the future, in connection with our acquisition of properties or otherwise, cause our operating partnership to issue additional OP units
to third parties. Such issuances would reduce our ownership percentage in our operating partnership and affect the amount of distributions
made to us by our operating partnership and, therefore, the amount of distributions we can make to our stockholders. Because you will
not directly own OP units, you will not have any voting rights with respect to any such issuances or other partnership level activities
of our operating partnership. 

 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 

 Failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT
would have significant adverse consequences to us and the per share trading price of our stock. 

 We have elected to be taxed as a
REIT for federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2012 and have operated in a manner that we believe
will allow us to maintain our qualification as a REIT. We cannot assure you that we will remain qualified as a REIT in the future. If
we lose our REIT qualification, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution
to you for each of the years involved because: 

we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; 

we also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax (for taxable years prior to 2018) and possibly increased state and local taxes; and 

22 

Any such corporate tax liability
could be substantial and would reduce our cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to stockholders. In
addition, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we will not be required to make distributions to our stockholders. As a
result of all these factors, our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business
and raise capital and could materially and adversely affect the per share trading price of our stock. 

 Qualification as a REIT involves
the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations.
The complexity of these provisions and of the applicable Treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the Code, or the Treasury
regulations, is greater in the case of a REIT that, like us, holds its assets through a partnership. The determination of various factual
matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. In order to maintain our qualification
as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the ownership of our stock, requirements regarding
the composition of our assets and a requirement that at least 95 of our gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources,
such as rents from real property. Also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90 of
our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains and losses. In addition,
legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may materially adversely affect our investors, our ability
to maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes or the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other
investments. Even if we maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, state
and local income, property and excise taxes on our income or property and, in certain cases, a 100 penalty tax, in the event we sell
property as a dealer. In addition, any taxable REIT subsidiaries that we own will be subject to tax as regular C corporations in the jurisdictions
in which they operate. 

 If our operating partnership failed to qualify
as a partnership or a disregarded entity for federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a REIT and suffer other adverse
consequences. 

 We believe that our operating partnership
will be treated as a partnership or a disregarded entity for federal income tax purposes. During periods in which our operating partnership
is treated as a disregarded entity, our operating partnership will not be subject to federal income tax on its income. Rather, its income
will be attributed to us as the sole owner for federal income tax purposes of the operating partnership. During periods in which our operating
partnership has limited partners other than Plymouth OP Limited, LLC, the operating partnership will be treated as a partnership for federal
income tax purposes. As a partnership, our operating partnership would not be subject to federal income tax on its income. Instead, each
of its partners would be allocated, and may be required to pay tax with respect to, its share of our operating partnership s income.
We cannot assure you, however, that the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, will not challenge the status of our operating partnership
or any other subsidiary partnership in which we own an interest as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would
not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in treating our operating partnership or any such other subsidiary partnership
as an entity taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the
asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, we would likely cease to maintain our qualification as a REIT. Also, if our operating
partnership or any subsidiary partnerships were treated as entities taxable as corporations, such entities could become subject to federal
and state corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to
its partners, including us. 

 Our taxable REIT subsidiaries will be subject
to federal income tax, and we will be required to pay a 100 penalty tax on certain income or deductions if our transactions with our
taxable REIT subsidiaries are not conducted on arm s length terms. 

 We own interests in one taxable REIT
subsidiary and may acquire interests in more taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. A taxable REIT subsidiary is a corporation other
than a REIT in which a REIT directly or indirectly holds stock, and that has made a joint election with such REIT to be treated as a taxable
REIT subsidiary. If a taxable REIT subsidiary owns more than 35 of the total voting power or value of the outstanding securities of another
corporation, such other corporation will also be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. Other than some activities relating to lodging
and health care facilities, a taxable REIT subsidiary may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary
services to tenants of its parent REIT. A taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to federal income tax as a regular C corporation. In addition,
a 100 excise tax will be imposed on certain transactions between a taxable REIT subsidiary and its parent REIT that are not conducted
on an arm s length basis. 

23 

To maintain our
REIT qualification, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. 

 To maintain our qualification as
a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income each year, determined without regard
to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, and we will be subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent
that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income each year. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax
on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 
of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. Accordingly, we may not be able to retain sufficient
cash flow from operations to meet our debt service requirements and repay our debt. Therefore, we may need to raise additional capital
for these purposes, and we cannot assure you that a sufficient amount of capital will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all,
when needed, which would materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay distributions
on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. Further, in order to maintain our REIT qualification and avoid the payment of income
and excise taxes, we may need to borrow funds to meet the REIT distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions
are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from, among other things, differences in timing between the
actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures,
the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. These sources, however, may not be available on favorable terms or
at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market s perception of our growth
potential, our current debt levels, the per share trading price of our stock, and our current and potential future earnings. We cannot
assure you that we will have access to such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause us to curtail
our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, and could adversely affect our financial condition, results
of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our stock. 

 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for
the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 

 The maximum tax rate applicable to
 qualified dividend income payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 . Dividends payable
by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for such reduced tax rates. Instead, our ordinary dividends generally are taxed at the higher
tax rates applicable to ordinary income, the current maximum rate of which is 37 . Although these rules do not adversely affect the taxation
of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in REITs to be relatively
less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of
the shares of REITs, including the per share trading price of our stock. However, for taxable years prior to 2026, individual stockholders
are generally allowed to deduct 20 of the aggregate amount of ordinary dividends distributed by us, subject to certain limitations, which
would reduce the maximum marginal effective federal income tax rate for individuals on the receipt of such ordinary dividends to 29.6 . 

 The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited
transactions may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. 

 A REIT s net income from prohibited
transactions is subject to a 100 penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other
than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not intend to hold
any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition
qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination, and no guarantee can be given that the
IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors. 

 Complying with REIT requirements may affect our
profitability and may force us to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. 

 To maintain our qualification as
a REIT, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the nature and diversification of our assets, the sources of
our income and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. We may be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments
in order to satisfy the asset and income tests or to qualify under certain statutory relief provisions. We also may be required to make
distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. As a result, having
to comply with the distribution requirement could cause us to: (1) sell assets in adverse market conditions; (2) borrow on unfavorable
terms; or (3) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt. Accordingly,
satisfying the REIT requirements could have an adverse effect on our business results, profitability and ability to execute our business
plan. Moreover, if we are compelled to liquidate our investments to meet any of these asset, income or distribution tests, or to repay
obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with one or more of the requirements applicable to REITs or may be subject to a
100 tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions. 

24 

Legislative, regulatory,
or administrative changes could adversely affect us or our security holders. 

 The tax laws or regulations governing
REITs or the administrative interpretations thereof may be amended at any time. We cannot predict if or when any new or amended law, regulation,
or administrative interpretation will be adopted, promulgated, or become effective, and any such change may apply retroactively. New or
amended laws, regulations, or administrative interpretations, could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT
or the federal income consequences of such qualification or may reduce the relative attractiveness of an investment in a REIT compared
to other corporations not qualified as a REIT. 

 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act made
significant changes to the U.S. federal tax rules related to the taxation of individuals and corporations, including REITs and their stockholders.
Additional technical corrections, amendments or administrative guidance with respect to the Tax Cut and Jobs Act may be issued at any
time, and we cannot predict the long-term impact of any future changes on REITs and their stockholders. 

 Other General Risks 

 We face risks associated with security breaches
through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology systems. 

 Our IT related systems are essential
to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether
through cyber-attacks, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, phishing schemes, persons inside our organization or persons with access
to systems inside of our organization, and other significant disruptions of our IT related systems. The risk of a cybersecurity breach
or disruption, particularly through a cyber-incident, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally
increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. 

 Although we employ a number of
measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, which include password protection, frequent password change events, firewall detection
systems, frequent backups, and a redundant data system for core applications, even the most well protected information, networks, systems
and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches continuously evolve and generally
are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed to not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. 

 Moreover,
we also depend on third parties to provide key information technology services such as payroll administration, financial information,
lease and portfolio administration and electronic communications. The security measures employed by such third-party providers may prove
to be ineffective at preventing breaches of their systems. A security breach or other significant disruption involving our IT related
systems could disrupt the proper functioning of our systems; compromise the confidential information of our employees, tenants and vendors;
result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants and/or missed reporting deadlines; result in our inability to monitor
our compliance with the rules and regulations regarding our qualification as a REIT; result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction,
loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others,
which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; require significant
management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; subject us to claims for breach of contract or failure to safeguard
personal information, damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; or damage our reputation among our tenants
and investors generally. 

 An increased focus on metrics and reporting related to corporate
responsibility, specifically related to ESG factors, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 

 Investors
and other stakeholders have focused on how companies address a variety of environmental, social and governance ESG matters
and look to rating systems developed by third party groups to allow comparisons between companies. Although we participate in some of
these rating systems, we do not participate, and may not score well, in all of them. Further, the criteria used in these rating systems
change frequently, and our scores may drop as criteria changes. We supplement our participation in these rating systems with public disclosures
regarding our ESG activities, but investors and stakeholders may look for specific disclosures that we do not provide. Our failure to
participate, or score well, in certain ratings systems or to provide certain ESG disclosures and engage in certain ESG initiatives could
result in reputational harm and could cause certain investors to be unwilling to invest in our stock, which could impair our ability
to raise capital. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

25 

Item 2. Properties 

 The following table provides certain
information with respect to the Company Portfolio, as of December 31, 2022. 

Market 
 
 Property (1) 
 
 City 
 
 State 
 
 Property Type 
 
 Year Built/ 
Renovated (2) 
 
 Square 
Footage 
 
 Occupancy 
 
 Annualized 
Rent (3) 
 
 Percent of 
Total 
Annualized 
Rent (4) 
 
 Annualized 
Rent/ 
Square 
Footage (5) 

Atlanta 
 
 11236 Harland Drive 
 
 Covington 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1988 
 
 32,361 
 
 100 

134,298 
 
 0.1 

4.15 

1665 Dogwood Drive 
 
 Conyers 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1973 
 
 198,000 
 
 100 

702,900 
 
 0.5 

3.55 

1715 Dogwood Drive 
 
 Conyers 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1973 
 
 100,000 
 
 100 

233,431 
 
 0.2 

2.33 

32 Dart Road 
 
 Newnan 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1988/2014 
 
 194,800 
 
 100 

574,668 
 
 0.4 

2.95 

40 Pinyon Road 
 
 Covington 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1997 
 
 60,148 
 
 100 

318,572 
 
 0.2 

5.30 

Peachtree City 
 
 Peachtree City 
 
 GA 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1979-2013 
 
 297,926 
 
 100 

1,681,428 
 
 1.2 

5.66 

Peachtree City II 
 
 Peachtree City 
 
 GA 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1989 
 
 117,000 
 
 99 

916,644 
 
 0.6 

7.92 

1099 Dodds Avenue 
 
 Adairsville 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2005 
 
 150,000 
 
 100 

585,000 
 
 0.4 

3.90 

1413 Lovers Lane 
 
 Augusta 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1999 
 
 200,000 
 
 100 

704,875 
 
 0.5 

3.52 

6739 New Calhoun Highway NE 
 
 Shannon 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1981/1996/ 2017 
 
 320,000 
 
 100 

982,400 
 
 0.7 

3.07 

Boston 
 
 54-56 Milliken 
 
 Portland 
 
 ME 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1966/1995/ 2005/2013/2022 
 
 268,713 
 
 88 

1,729,152 
 
 1.2 

7.34 

Charlotte 
 
 1570 East P Street Extension 
 
 Newton 
 
 NC 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 2005 
 
 155,220 
 
 100 

1,184,176 
 
 0.8 

7.63 

Chicago 
 
 11351 W. 183rd 
 
 Orland Park 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2000 
 
 18,768 
 
 100 

206,800 
 
 0.1 

11.02 

11601 Central 
 
 Alsip 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1970 
 
 260,000 
 
 100 

720,200 
 
 0.5 

2.77 

11746 Austin Ave 
 
 Alsip 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1970 
 
 162,714 
 
 100 

711,299 
 
 0.5 

4.37 

1301 Ridgeview Drive 
 
 McHenry 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1995/2020 
 
 218,064 
 
 100 

909,496 
 
 0.6 

4.17 

13040 South Pulaski 
 
 Alsip 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1976 
 
 388,403 
 
 100 

1,932,337 
 
 1.3 

4.98 

1355 Holmes 
 
 Elgin 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1976/1998 
 
 82,456 
 
 100 

437,309 
 
 0.3 

5.30 

13970 West Laurel 
 
 Lake Forest 
 
 IL 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1990 
 
 70,196 
 
 100 

347,730 
 
 0.2 

4.95 

144 Tower Drive 
 
 Burr Ridge 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1971/1988/ 2015 
 
 73,785 
 
 97 

483,240 
 
 0.3 

6.74 

1445 Greenleaf 
 
 Elk Grove Village 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1968 
 
 150,000 
 
 98 

876,734 
 
 0.6 

5.96 

1600 Fleetwood 
 
 Elgin 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1968/2016 
 
 247,000 
 
 100 

1,394,634 
 
 1.0 

5.65 

16801 Exchange Avenue 
 
 Lansing 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1987 
 
 455,886 
 
 100 

1,658,372 
 
 1.1 

3.64 

1717 West Harvester Road 
 
 Chicago 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1970 
 
 465,940 
 
 100 

1,715,424 
 
 1.2 

3.68 

1750 South Lincoln 
 
 Freeport 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2001 
 
 499,200 
 
 100 

1,400,523 
 
 1.0 

2.81 

1796 Sherwin 
 
 Des Plaines 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1964 
 
 98,879 
 
 100 

620,882 
 
 0.4 

6.28 

1875 Holmes 
 
 Elgin 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1989 
 
 134,415 
 
 100 

629,786 
 
 0.4 

4.69 

189 Seeger Ave 
 
 Elk Grove 
 
 IL 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1972 
 
 25,245 
 
 100 

155,860 
 
 0.1 

6.17 

1900 S. Batavia Ave 
 
 Geneva 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1958/1989/ 2010 
 
 513,512 
 
 100 

2,305,669 
 
 1.6 

4.49 

2401 Commerce 
 
 Libertyville 
 
 IL 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1994/2009 
 
 78,574 
 
 100 

642,767 
 
 0.4 

8.18 

2600-2620 Commerce Drive 
 
 Libertyville 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2001 
 
 78,743 
 
 100 

554,578 
 
 0.4 

7.04 

28160 North Keith 
 
 Lake Forest 
 
 IL 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1989 
 
 77,924 
 
 100 

386,012 
 
 0.3 

4.95 

3 West College 
 
 Arlington Heights 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1978/2016 
 
 33,263 
 
 100 

282,735 
 
 0.2 

8.50 

350 Armory Drive 
 
 South Holland 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1972 
 
 64,310 
 
 100 

385,880 
 
 0.3 

6.00 

3841 Swanson 
 
 Gurnee 
 
 IL 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1978 
 
 99,625 
 
 100 

465,964 
 
 0.3 

4.68 

3940 Stern 
 
 St. Charles 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1987 
 
 146,959 
 
 100 

661,147 
 
 0.5 

4.50 

4491 Mayflower Road 
 
 South Bend 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2000 
 
 77,000 
 
 100 

283,360 
 
 0.2 

3.68 

4915 W 122 nd 
 
 Alsip 
 
 IL 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1972 
 
 153,368 
 
 100 

867,288 
 
 0.6 

5.65 

4955 Ameritech Drive 
 
 South Bend 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2004 
 
 228,000 
 
 100 

1,050,300 
 
 0.7 

4.61 

5110 South 6th 
 
 Milwaukee 
 
 WI 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1972 
 
 58,500 
 
 100 

234,000 
 
 0.2 

4.00 

5502 W. Brick Road 
 
 South Bend 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1998 
 
 101,450 
 
 100 

354,061 
 
 0.2 

3.49 

5681 Cleveland Road 
 
 South Bend 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1994 
 
 62,550 
 
 100 

218,300 
 
 0.2 

3.49 

5855 Carbonmill Road 
 
 South Bend 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2002 
 
 198,000 
 
 100 

881,100 
 
 0.6 

4.45 

6000 West 73 rd 
 
 Bedford Park 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1974 
 
 148,091 
 
 100 

612,993 
 
 0.4 

4.14 

6035 West Gross Point Road 
 
 Niles 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1956/1985 
 
 149,474 
 
 100 

614,338 
 
 0.4 

4.11 

6510 West 73 rd 
 
 Bedford Park 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1974 
 
 306,552 
 
 100 

1,226,208 
 
 0.8 

4.00 

6558 West 73 rd 
 
 Bedford Park 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1975 
 
 301,000 
 
 100 

1,587,629 
 
 1.1 

5.27 

6751 Sayre 
 
 Bedford Park 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1973 
 
 242,690 
 
 100 

820,292 
 
 0.6 

3.38 

7200 Mason Avenue 
 
 Bedford Park 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1974 
 
 207,345 
 
 100 

858,263 
 
 0.6 

4.14 

7207 Mason Avenue 
 
 Bedford Park 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1970 
 
 84,195 
 
 100 

308,156 
 
 0.2 

3.66 

7420 Meade Avenue 
 
 Bedford Park 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1970 
 
 52,344 
 
 100 

294,173 
 
 0.2 

5.62 

800 Church Street 
 
 Lake Zurich 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1974/2020 
 
 116,467 
 
 100 

525,266 
 
 0.4 

4.51 

Cincinnati 
 
 11540-11630 Mosteller 
 
 Sharonville 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1959 
 
 358,386 
 
 100 

1,184,374 
 
 0.8 

3.30 

2700 Kemper Road 
 
 Sharonville 
 
 OH 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1990 
 
 85,718 
 
 97 

568,776 
 
 0.4 

6.83 

2800 Kemper Road 
 
 Sharonville 
 
 OH 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1989 
 
 82,832 
 
 82 

564,891 
 
 0.4 

8.33 

3741 Port Union Rd 
 
 Fairfield 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1995/2001 
 
 53,602 
 
 100 

227,018 
 
 0.2 

4.24 

4115 Thunderbird 
 
 Fairfield 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1991 
 
 70,000 
 
 100 

267,750 
 
 0.2 

3.83 

4225-4331 Dues Drive 
 
 Cincinnati 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1972 
 
 303,000 
 
 100 

1,216,337 
 
 0.8 

4.01 

7585 Empire Drive 
 
 Florence 
 
 KY 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1973 
 
 148,415 
 
 100 

440,769 
 
 0.3 

2.97 

Cornell Commerce Center 
 
 Blue Ash 
 
 OH 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1976 
 
 165,521 
 
 100 

1,071,481 
 
 0.7 

6.47 

Fairfield Business Center 
 
 Fairfield 
 
 OH 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1990 
 
 39,558 
 
 100 

238,535 
 
 0.2 

6.03 

Fisher Industrial Park 
 
 Fairfield 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1946 
 
 1,249,240 
 
 98 

3,922,726 
 
 2.7 

3.19 

Cleveland 
 
 1120 West 130 th St 
 
 Brunswick 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2000 
 
 100,301 
 
 100 

514,090 
 
 0.4 

5.13 

1200 Chester Industrial Parkway N 
 
 Avon 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2007/2009 
 
 207,160 
 
 100 

942,578 
 
 0.7 

4.55 

1200 Chester Industrial Parkway S 
 
 Avon 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1991 
 
 90,628 
 
 100 

443,600 
 
 0.3 

4.89 

1350 Moore Road 
 
 Avon 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1997 
 
 109,075 
 
 100 

545,375 
 
 0.4 

5.00 

1366 Commerce Drive 
 
 Stow 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1960 
 
 216,000 
 
 93 

730,000 
 
 0.5 

3.65 

26 

Market 
 
 Property (1) 
 
 City 
 
 State 
 
 Property Type 
 
 Year Built/ 
Renovated (2) 
 
 Square 
Footage 
 
 Occupancy 
 
 Annualized 
Rent (3) 
 
 Percent of 
Total 
Annualized 
Rent (4) 
 
 Annualized 
Rent/ 
Square 
Footage (5) 

14801 County Rd 212 
 
 Findlay 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1998 
 
 405,000 
 
 100 

1,500,196 
 
 1.0 

3.70 

1755 Enterprise 
 
 Twinsburg 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1978/2005 
 
 255,570 
 
 100 

1,346,275 
 
 0.9 

5.27 

2100 International Parkway 
 
 Canton 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 2000 
 
 274,464 
 
 100 

1,329,778 
 
 0.9 

4.84 

2210 International Parkway 
 
 Canton 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2001 
 
 350,000 
 
 100 

1,491,000 
 
 1.0 

4.26 

22209 Rockside Road 
 
 Bedford 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2008/2021 
 
 197,518 
 
 100 

1,056,721 
 
 0.7 

5.35 

30339 Diamond Parkway 
 
 Glenwillow 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2007 
 
 400,184 
 
 100 

2,607,673 
 
 1.8 

6.52 

31000 Viking Parkway 
 
 Westlake 
 
 OH 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1998 
 
 100,150 
 
 100 

644,411 
 
 0.4 

6.43 

4211 Shuffel Street NW 
 
 Canton 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1994 
 
 255,000 
 
 100 

1,402,500 
 
 1.0 

5.50 

Gilchrist Road I 
 
 Mogadore 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1961-1978 
 
 209,592 
 
 100 

808,844 
 
 0.6 

3.86 

Gilchrist Road II 
 
 Mogadore 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1991-1994 
 
 473,046 
 
 100 

1,669,461 
 
 1.2 

3.53 

Gilchrist Road III 
 
 Mogadore 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1994/1998 
 
 335,521 
 
 92 

1,219,235 
 
 0.8 

3.95 

Columbus 
 
 100 Paragon Parkway 
 
 Mansfield 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1995 
 
 314,736 
 
 100 

975,000 
 
 0.7 

3.10 

1520 Experiment Farm Road 
 
 Troy 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1997 
 
 160,000 
 
 100 

726,240 
 
 0.5 

4.54 

1650-1654 Williams Road 
 
 Columbus 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1973/1974/ 1975 
 
 772,450 
 
 100 

2,261,284 
 
 1.6 

2.93 

2120-2138 New World 
 
 Columbus 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1971 
 
 121,200 
 
 100 

419,989 
 
 0.3 

3.47 

2180 Corporate Drive 
 
 Troy 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1996 
 
 160,000 
 
 100 

711,434 
 
 0.5 

4.45 

2626 Port Road 
 
 Columbus 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1994 
 
 156,641 
 
 100 

505,755 
 
 0.3 

3.23 

2800 Howard Street 
 
 Sidney 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 2016 
 
 480,000 
 
 100 

1,541,324 
 
 1.1 

3.21 

3100 Creekside 
 
 Lockbourne 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2000 
 
 340,000 
 
 100 

1,394,000 
 
 1.0 

4.10 

3500 Southwest 
 
 Grove City 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1992/2018 
 
 527,127 
 
 100 

1,505,475 
 
 1.0 

2.86 

7001 Americana 
 
 Reynoldsburg 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1986/2007/ 2012 
 
 54,100 
 
 100 

205,039 
 
 0.1 

3.79 

8273 Green Meadows 
 
 Lewis Center 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1996/2007 
 
 77,271 
 
 100 

397,796 
 
 0.3 

5.15 

8288 Green Meadows 
 
 Lewis Center 
 
 OH 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1988 
 
 300,000 
 
 100 

1,039,953 
 
 0.7 

3.47 

952 Dorset Road 
 
 Troy 
 
 OH 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1988/1999 
 
 76,800 
 
 100 

268,922 
 
 0.2 

3.50 

Graphics Way 
 
 Lewis Center 
 
 OH 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 2000 
 
 73,426 
 
 100 

442,789 
 
 0.3 

6.03 

Orange Point 
 
 Lewis Center 
 
 OH 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 2001 
 
 143,863 
 
 100 

736,998 
 
 0.5 

5.12 

Indianapolis 
 
 2900 Shadeland 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1957/2001/ 2004 
 
 933,439 
 
 99 

2,888,634 
 
 2.0 

3.13 

3035 North Shadeland 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1962/2004 
 
 562,497 
 
 91 

1,735,742 
 
 1.2 

3.40 

3169 North Shadeland 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1979/1993 
 
 44,374 
 
 95 

211,831 
 
 0.1 

5.05 

3333 N. Franklin Road 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1967 
 
 276,240 
 
 100 

1,026,018 
 
 0.7 

3.71 

3525 S. Arlington 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1990 
 
 219,104 
 
 100 

752,754 
 
 0.5 

3.44 

3701 David Howarth Drive 
 
 Lafayette 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2008/2019 
 
 294,730 
 
 100 

1,788,238 
 
 1.2 

6.07 

6555 E 30th Street 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1969/1997 
 
 314,775 
 
 98 

1,431,078 
 
 1.0 

4.64 

6575 E 30th Street 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1998 
 
 60,000 
 
 100 

318,000 
 
 0.2 

5.30 

6585 E 30th Street 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1998 
 
 100,000 
 
 100 

389,404 
 
 0.3 

3.89 

6635 E 30th Street 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1998 
 
 99,877 
 
 100 

578,192 
 
 0.4 

5.79 

6701 E 30th Street 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1990 
 
 7,820 
 
 100 

86,411 
 
 0.1 

11.05 

6737 E 30th Street 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1995 
 
 87,500 
 
 100 

475,563 
 
 0.3 

5.44 

6751 E 30th Street 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1997 
 
 100,000 
 
 100 

448,502 
 
 0.3 

4.49 

6951 E 30th Street 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1995 
 
 44,000 
 
 100 

211,254 
 
 0.1 

4.80 

7750 Georgetown Road 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2006 
 
 102,934 
 
 100 

473,496 
 
 0.3 

4.60 

7901 W. 21st Street 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1985/1994 
 
 353,000 
 
 100 

1,251,254 
 
 0.9 

3.54 

Sam Jones 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 IN 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1970 
 
 484,879 
 
 100 

1,382,595 
 
 1.0 

2.85 

Jacksonville 
 
 265 Industrial Boulevard 
 
 Midway 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1988/1999 
 
 187,205 
 
 100 

334,350 
 
 0.2 

1.79 

338 Industrial Boulevard 
 
 Midway 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1996/2001 
 
 309,084 
 
 100 

951,207 
 
 0.7 

3.08 

430 Industrial Boulevard 
 
 Midway 
 
 GA 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1988 
 
 47,599 
 
 100 

164,118 
 
 0.1 

3.45 

8000-8001 Belfort Parkway 
 
 Jacksonville 
 
 FL 
 
 Small bay Industrial 
 
 1999 
 
 85,920 
 
 100 

879,970 
 
 0.6 

10.24 

8451 Western Way 
 
 Jacksonville 
 
 FL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1968/1975/ 1987 
 
 288,750 
 
 100 

2,107,798 
 
 1.5 

7.30 

Center Point Business Park 
 
 Jacksonville 
 
 FL 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1990-1997 
 
 537,800 
 
 100 

4,106,548 
 
 2.9 

7.64 

Liberty Business Park 
 
 Jacksonville 
 
 FL 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1996-1999 
 
 426,916 
 
 91 

3,599,559 
 
 2.5 

9.24 

Salisbury Business Park 
 
 Jacksonville 
 
 FL 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 2001-2012 
 
 168,800 
 
 100 

1,720,211 
 
 1.2 

10.19 

Kansas City 
 
 5450 Deramus Avenue 
 
 Kansas City 
 
 MO 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1976 
 
 221,911 
 
 100 

833,288 
 
 0.6 

3.76 

Memphis 
 
 1700-1710 Dunn Avenue 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1957-1959/ 1963/1973 
 
 316,935 
 
 100 

901,651 
 
 0.6 

2.84 

210 American 
 
 Jackson 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1967/1981/ 2012 
 
 638,400 
 
 100 

1,432,570 
 
 1.0 

2.24 

2950 Brother Boulevard 
 
 Bartlett 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1987/2019 
 
 232,375 
 
 87 

832,320 
 
 0.6 

4.13 

6290 Shelby View Drive 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1999/2003 
 
 74,665 
 
 100 

427,333 
 
 0.3 

5.72 

7585 AE Beaty Drive/2995 Appling Road 
 
 Barlett 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2006 
 
 67,557 
 
 100 

626,968 
 
 0.4 

9.28 

Airport Business Park 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1985-1989 
 
 235,071 
 
 88 

2,413,525 
 
 1.7 

11.69 

Knight Road 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1986 
 
 131,904 
 
 100 

428,322 
 
 0.3 

3.25 

Shelby Distribution 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1989 
 
 202,303 
 
 100 

630,349 
 
 0.4 

3.12 

South Park 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1991/2005 
 
 566,281 
 
 100 

1,855,850 
 
 1.3 

3.28 

10455 Marina Drive 
 
 Memphis 
 
 MS 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1986 
 
 161,200 
 
 100 

520,784 
 
 0.4 

3.23 

10682 Ridgewood Road 
 
 Memphis 
 
 MS 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1985 
 
 90,000 
 
 100 

324,000 
 
 0.2 

3.60 

1814 S Third Street 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1966 
 
 88,950 
 
 100 

175,200 
 
 0.1 

1.97 

3650 Distriplex Drive 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1997 
 
 330,253 
 
 100 

1,090,303 
 
 0.8 

3.30 

3670 South Perkins Road 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1974 
 
 74,582 
 
 100 

192,422 
 
 0.1 

2.58 

3980 Premier Avenue 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1964 
 
 141,256 
 
 98 

335,336 
 
 0.2 

2.43 

5846 Distribution Drive 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1984 
 
 34,560 
 
 100 

155,520 
 
 0.1 

4.50 

7560 Priority Lane 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1988 
 
 48,750 
 
 100 

210,974 
 
 0.1 

4.33 

8970 Deerfield Drive 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1977 
 
 51,320 
 
 100 

192,636 
 
 0.1 

3.75 

Collins Industrial Memphis 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Small Bay Industrial 
 
 1989-2001 
 
 247,217 
 
 98 

1,097,250 
 
 0.8 

4.55 

Outland/Burbank Industrial 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1969-1996 
 
 367,416 
 
 100 

972,807 
 
 0.7 

2.65 

Outland Center Memphis I 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1988-1989 
 
 175,337 
 
 95 

839,222 
 
 0.6 

5.02 

27 

Market 
 
 Property (1) 
 
 City 
 
 State 
 
 Property Type 
 
 Year Built/ 
Renovated (2) 
 
 Square 
Footage 
 
 Occupancy 
 
 Annualized 
Rent (3) 
 
 Percent of 
Total 
Annualized 
Rent (4) 
 
 Annualized 
Rent/ 
Square 
Footage (5) 

Outland Center Memphis II 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1989 
 
 232,200 
 
 100 

706,699 
 
 0.5 

3.04 

Place Industrial Memphis 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1980-1988 
 
 85,631 
 
 100 

380,197 
 
 0.3 

4.44 

Shelby Distribution II 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1998 
 
 113,240 
 
 100 

418,671 
 
 0.3 

3.70 

Willow Lake Industrial 
 
 Memphis 
 
 TN 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1989 
 
 75,643 
 
 100 

341,109 
 
 0.2 

4.51 

Philadelphia 
 
 4 East Stow 
 
 Marlton 
 
 NJ 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1986 
 
 156,634 
 
 100 

1,040,693 
 
 0.7 

6.66 

St. Louis 
 
 11646 Lakeside Crossing 
 
 St. Louis 
 
 MO 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2005 
 
 100,021 
 
 100 

748,492 
 
 0.5 

7.48 

160-275 Corporate Woods Place 
 
 Bridgeton 
 
 MO 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1990 
 
 155,434 
 
 100 

608,300 
 
 0.4 

3.91 

1901-1939 Beltway Dr 
 
 Overland 
 
 MO 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1986 
 
 76,485 
 
 75 

548,939 
 
 0.4 

9.57 

3051 Gateway 
 
 Edwardsville 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 2016 
 
 521,171 
 
 100 

2,475,562 
 
 1.7 

4.75 

349 Gateway 
 
 Edwardsville 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 2016 
 
 624,159 
 
 100 

2,652,676 
 
 1.8 

4.25 

3919 Lakeview Corporate Drive 
 
 Edwardsville 
 
 IL 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 2019 
 
 769,500 
 
 100 

3,461,981 
 
 2.4 

4.50 

4848 Park 370 Boulevard 
 
 Hazelwood 
 
 MO 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 2006 
 
 76,092 
 
 100 

476,293 
 
 0.3 

6.26 

9150 Latty Avenue 
 
 Berkeley 
 
 MO 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1965/2018 
 
 142,364 
 
 100 

640,638 
 
 0.4 

4.50 

Grissom Drive 
 
 St. Louis 
 
 MO 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1970 
 
 79,258 
 
 100 

301,180 
 
 0.2 

3.80 

Metro St Louis 
 
 Maryland Heights 
 
 MO 
 
 Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 1979 
 
 59,055 
 
 100 

316,185 
 
 0.2 

5.35 

Phantom Drive 
 
 Hazelwood 
 
 MO 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1971 
 
 129,000 
 
 97 

541,002 
 
 0.4 

4.32 

St. Louis Commerce Center 
 
 St. Louis 
 
 MO 
 
 Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 1999-2001 
 
 487,150 
 
 100 

2,072,160 
 
 1.4 

4.25 

Existing Portfolio Industrial Properties 

33,836,673 
 
 99.0 

144,987,175 
 100 

4.33 

_______________ 

(1) 
 Property listing includes all wholly owned properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 Renovation means significant upgrades, alterations, or additions to building areas, interiors, exteriors and/or systems. 
 
 (3) 
 Annualized rent is calculated by multiplying rental payments (defined as cash rents before abatements) for the month ended December 31, 2022, by 12. 
 
 (4) 
 Represents the percentage of total annualized rent for properties owned as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Calculated by multiplying rental payments (defined as cash rents before abatements) for the month ended December 31, 2022, by 12, and then dividing by leased square feet for such property as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 72 of
our 157 properties were encumbered by mortgage indebtedness totaling 391,228, excluding unamortized deferred financing fees and
debt issuance costs. See Note 7 in the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

 Functionality Diversification 

 The following tables set forth information
relating to functionality diversification by building type based on total square footage and annualized rent as of December 31, 2022. 

Property Type 
 
 Number of Properties 
 
 Occupancy 
 
 Total Rentable 
Square Feet 
 
 Percentage of 
Rentable 
Square Feet 
 
 Annualized 
Base Rent 
 
 Percentage of 
Annualized 
Base Rent 
 
 Annualized 
Base Rent per 
Square Foot 

Warehouse/Distribution 
 
 97 
 
 99.3 
 
 21,724,130 
 
 64.2 

83,330,591 
 
 57.5 

3.86 

Warehouse/Light Manufacturing 
 
 38 
 
 99.1 
 
 8,723,093 
 
 25.8 

37,839,023 
 
 26.1 

4.38 

Small Bay Industrial (1) 
 
 22 
 
 97.3 
 
 3,389,450 
 
 10.0 

23,817,561 
 
 16.4 

7.22 

Total Company Portfolio 
 
 157 
 
 99.0 
 
 33,836,673 
 
 100 

144,987,175 
 
 100 

4.33 

______________ 

(1) 
 Small bay industrial is inclusive of flex space totaling 553,277 rentable square feet and annualized base rent of 5,885,143. 
 
 Geographic Diversification 

 The following tables set forth
information relating to geographic diversification of the Company Portfolio by market based on total annualized rent as of December 31,
2022. 

Market 
 
 Number of 
Properties 
 
 Occupancy 
 
 Total Rentable 
Square Feet 
 
 Percentage of 
Rentable 
Square Feet 
 
 Annualized 
Base Rent 
 
 Percentage of Annualized 
Base Rent 
 
 Chicago 
 
 40 
 
 99.9 
 
 6,930,887 
 
 20.4 

30,621,105 

21.0 
 
 Memphis 
 
 25 
 
 98.4 
 
 4,783,046 
 
 14.0 

17,502,017 

12.1 
 
 Indianapolis 
 
 17 
 
 98.3 
 
 4,085,169 
 
 12.1 

15,448,966 

10.7 
 
 Cleveland 
 
 16 
 
 98.9 
 
 3,979,209 
 
 11.8 

18,251,736 

12.6 
 
 Columbus 
 
 15 
 
 100.0 
 
 3,757,614 
 
 11.1 

13,131,996 

9.1 
 
 St. Louis 
 
 12 
 
 99.3 
 
 3,219,689 
 
 9.5 

14,843,409 

10.2 
 
 Cincinnati 
 
 10 
 
 98.6 
 
 2,556,272 
 
 7.6 

9,702,657 

6.7 
 
 Atlanta 
 
 10 
 
 99.9 
 
 1,670,235 
 
 4.9 

6,834,217 

4.7 
 
 Jacksonville 
 
 8 
 
 98.2 
 
 2,052,074 
 
 6.1 

13,863,763 

9.6 
 
 Kansas City 
 
 1 
 
 100.0 
 
 221,911 
 
 0.7 

833,288 

0.6 
 
 Boston 
 
 1 
 
 87.6 
 
 268,713 
 
 0.8 

1,729,152 

1.2 
 
 Philadelphia 
 
 1 
 
 99.8 
 
 156,634 
 
 0.5 

1,040,693 

0.7 
 
 Charlotte 
 
 1 
 
 100.0 
 
 155,220 
 
 0.5 

1,184,176 

0.8 
 
 Total Company Portfolio 
 
 157 
 
 99.0 
 
 33,836,673 
 
 100 

144,987,175 

100 

28 

Industry Diversification 

 The following tables set forth information
relating to tenant diversification of the Company Leased Portfolio by industry based on total square feet occupied and annualized rent
as of December 31, 2022. 

Industry 
 
 Total Leased 
Square Feet 
 
 Number of 
Leases 
 
 Percentage of 
Leased 
Square Feet 
 
 Annualized 
Base Rent 
 
 Percentage of 
Annualized 
Base Rent 
 
 Annualized 
Base Rent per 
Square Foot 

Logistics
 Transportation 
 
 9,807,690 
 
 89 
 
 29.3 

39,029,677 
 
 26.9 

3.98 

Automotive 
 
 2,375,092 
 
 27 
 
 7.1 

10,766,624 
 
 7.4 

4.53 

Wholesale/Retail 
 
 2,359,107 
 
 32 
 
 7.0 

10,514,719 
 
 7.3 

4.46 

Food 
 Beverage 
 
 1,898,596 
 
 25 
 
 5.7 

8,803,442 
 
 6.1 

4.64 

Printing 
 Paper 
 
 1,872,092 
 
 16 
 
 5.6 

7,075,496 
 
 4.9 

3.78 

Home 
 Garden 
 
 1,841,386 
 
 18 
 
 5.5 

6,048,555 
 
 4.2 

3.28 

Construction 
 
 1,773,623 
 
 42 
 
 5.3 

7,727,681 
 
 5.3 

4.36 

Cardboard
 and Packaging 
 
 1,558,027 
 
 18 
 
 4.6 

6,018,467 
 
 4.2 

3.86 

Light Manufacturing 
 
 1,234,493 
 
 12 
 
 3.7 

4,390,616 
 
 3.0 

3.56 

Education 
 
 926,896 
 
 8 
 
 2.8 

4,402,215 
 
 3.0 

4.75 

Other
 Industries 
 
 7,861,363 
 
 233 
 
 23.4 

40,209,683 
 
 27.7 

5.11 

Total
 Company Portfolio 
 
 33,508,365 
 
 520 
 
 100 

144,987,175 
 
 100 

4.33 

Tenants 

 The following table sets forth information
about the ten largest tenants in our Company Portfolio based on total annualized rent as of December 31, 2022. 

Tenant 
 
 Market 
 
 Industry 
 
 # of 
Leases 
 
 Total 
Leased 
Square Feet 
 
 Expiration 
 
 Annualized 
Base 
Rent/SF 
 
 Annualized 
Base Rent 
 
 Percent of 
Total 
Annualized 
Rent 

FedEx Supply Chain, Inc. 
 
 St. Louis 
 
 Logistics Transportation 
 
 1 
 
 769,500 
 
 7/31/2024 

4.50 

3,461,981 
 
 2.4 

Geodis Logistics, LLC 
 
 St. Louis 
 
 Logistics Transportation 
 
 1 
 
 624,159 
 
 8/31/2025 

4.25 

2,652,676 
 
 1.8 

Royal Canin U.S.A, Inc. 
 
 St. Louis 
 
 Wholesale/Retail 
 
 1 
 
 521,171 
 
 5/31/2025 

4.75 

2,475,562 
 
 1.7 

Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company 
 
 Chicago 
 
 Education 
 
 1 
 
 513,512 
 
 3/31/2026 

4.49 

2,305,669 
 
 1.6 

ODW Logistics, Inc. 
 
 Columbus 
 
 Logistics Transportation 
 
 1 
 
 772,450 
 
 6/30/2025 

2.93 

2,261,284 
 
 1.6 

Archway Marketing Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Chicago 
 
 Logistics Transportation 
 
 3 
 
 503,000 
 
 3/31/2026 

4.40 

2,213,260 
 
 1.5 

ASW Supply Chain Services, LLC 
 
 Cleveland 
 
 Logistics Transportation 
 
 5 
 
 577,237 
 
 12/31/2023 

3.58 

2,065,130 
 
 1.4 

Balta US, Inc. 
 
 Jacksonville 
 
 Home Garden 
 
 2 
 
 629,084 
 
 12/31/2028 

3.07 

1,933,607 
 
 1.3 

Communications Test Design, Inc. 
 
 Memphis 
 
 Logistics Transportation 
 
 2 
 
 566,281 
 
 12/31/2024 

3.28 

1,855,850 
 
 1.3 

Winston Products, LLC 
 
 Cleveland 
 
 Automotive 
 
 2 
 
 266,803 
 
 4/30/2032 

6.81 

1,816,650 
 
 1.3 

Ten Largest Tenants by Annualized Rent 
 
 19 
 
 5,743,197 

4.01 

23,041,669 
 
 15.9 

All Other 
 
 501 
 
 27,765,168 

4.39 

121,945,506 
 
 84.1 

Total Company Portfolio 
 
 520 
 
 33,508,365 

4.33 

144,987,175 
 
 100 

Lease Overview 

 Triple-net lease: In our
triple-net leases, the tenant is responsible for all aspects of, and costs related to, the property and its operation during the lease
term. The landlord may have responsibility under the lease to perform or pay for certain capital repairs or replacements to the roof,
structure, or certain building systems, such as heating and air conditioning and fire suppression. As of December 31, 2022, there were
405 triple-net leases in the Company Portfolio, representing approximately 78.8 of our total annualized base rent. 

 Modified net lease: In our
modified net leases, the landlord is responsible for some property related expenses during the lease term, but the cost of most of the
expenses is passed through to the tenant. As of December 31, 2022, there were 53 modified net leases in the Company Portfolio, representing
approximately 10.8 of our total annualized base rent. 

 Gross lease: In our
gross leases, the landlord is responsible for all aspects of and costs related to the property and its operation during the lease term.
As of December 31, 2022, there were 62 gross leases in the Company Portfolio, representing approximately 10.4 of the annualized base
rent. 

 Lease Expirations 

 As of December 31, 2022, the weighted
average in-place remaining lease term of the Company Portfolio was 3.7 years. The following table sets forth a summary schedule
of lease expirations for leases in place as of December 31, 2022, plus available space, for each of the ten full calendar years
commencing December 31, 2022, and thereafter. The information set forth in the table assumes that tenants exercise no renewal
options and no early termination rights. 

29 

Year of Expiration 
 
 Total 
Rentable 
Square Feet 

Percentage 
of Rentable 
Square Feet 

Annualized 
Base Rent (1) 

Percentage 
of Annualized 
Base Rent (2) 

Annualized 
Base Rent per 
Square Foot (3) 

Available 

328,308 

1.0 

2023 

3,276,074 

9.7 

13,700,025 

9.4 

4.18 

2024 

6,565,204 

19.4 

27,365,683 

18.9 

4.17 

2025 

7,402,504 

21.9 

31,382,815 

21.6 

4.24 

2026 

4,447,610 

13.1 

21,062,479 

14.5 

4.74 

2027 

4,608,602 

13.6 

20,093,596 

13.9 

4.36 

2028 

2,167,689 

6.4 

9,486,532 

6.5 

4.38 

2029 

2,048,414 

6.1 

8,222,849 

5.7 

4.01 

2030 

379,260 

1.1 

1,940,810 

1.3 

5.12 

2031 

899,367 

2.7 

2,981,564 

2.1 

3.32 

2032 

480,000 

1.4 

1,541,324 

1.1 

3.21 

Thereafter 

1,233,641 

3.6 

7,209,498 

5.0 

5.84 

Total Company Portfolio 

33,836,673 

100 

144,987,175 

100 

4.33 

____________________ 

(1) 
 Annualized rent is calculated by multiplying rental payments (defined as cash rents before abatements) for the month ended December 31, 2022, by 12. 
 
 (2) 
 Calculated as annualized base rent set forth in this table divided by total annualized base rent for the Company Portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Calculated as annualized base rent for such leases divided by leased square feet for such leases at each of the properties so impacted by the lease expirations as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 In the normal course of business,
we could become party to legal actions and proceedings involving matters that are generally incidental to our business. While it will
likely not be possible to ascertain the ultimate outcome of such matters, management expects that the resolution of any such legal actions
and proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

 There are no legal proceedings
at this time. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 

30 

PART II 

Item
 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
 OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Stockholder
Information 

 As of February 20, 2023,
we had 43,030,864 shares of common stock outstanding held of record by a total of approximately 140 stockholders; however,
because many shares of our common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we believe there are substantially
more beneficial holders of our common stock than record holders. The number of stockholders is based on the records of Continental Stock
Transfer Trust, which serves as our transfer agent. 

 Market Information 

 Our common stock is traded on the
NYSE under the symbol PLYM. On December 31, 2022, the closing price of our common stock, as reported on the NYSE, was 19.18. 

 Distribution Policy 

 It is our policy to declare quarterly
dividends to the stockholders so as to comply with applicable provisions of the Code governing REITs. The declaration and payment of quarterly
dividends remains subject to the review and approval of the board of directors. To satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT, and
to avoid paying tax on our income, we have paid and intend to continue to pay regular quarterly cash dividends of all or substantially
all of our REIT taxable income (excluding net capital gains) to holders of our common stock. 

 We intend to distribute at least
90 of our taxable income each year (subject to certain adjustments as described below) to our stockholders in order to qualify as a REIT
under the Code and generally expect to distribute 100 of our REIT taxable income so as to avoid the excise tax on undistributed REIT
taxable income. 

 Distributions to our common stockholders
are authorized by our board of directors in its sole discretion and declared by us out of funds legally available therefor. We expect
that our board of directors, in authorizing the amounts of distributions, will consider a variety of factors, including: 

actual results of operations and our cash available for distribution; 

the timing of the investment of the net proceeds from our offerings; 

debt service requirements and any restrictive covenants in our loan agreements; 

capital expenditure requirements for our properties; 

our taxable income; 

the annual distribution requirement under the REIT provisions of the Code; 

our operating expenses; 

requirements under applicable law; and 

other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Our distributions may exceed our
earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes primarily due to depreciation and amortization. Our earnings and
profits will be allocated first to our preferred stock dividends and then to our common stock dividends. Any distributions in excess of
our earnings and profits may represent a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes, subject to the extent that such distributions
do not exceed the stockholder's adjusted tax basis in their shares of common or preferred stock, but rather will reduce the adjusted basis
of the shares of common or preferred stock. Therefore, the gain (or loss) recognized on the sale of the common stock or preferred stock
or upon our liquidation will be increased (or decreased) accordingly. To the extent those distributions exceed a taxable U.S. stockholder's
adjusted tax basis in their shares of common or preferred stock, they generally will be treated as a capital gain realized from the taxable
disposition of those shares. The percentage of our stockholder distributions that exceeds our earnings and profits may vary substantially
from year to year. 

 Although we have no current intention
to do so, we may in the future also choose to pay distributions in the form of our own shares. 

 We maintain the Plymouth Industrial
REIT, Inc. 2014 Incentive Award Plan (the Plan ), as discussed in more detail in Note 12 in the accompanying Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 As of December 31, 2022,
the total shares issued under the Plan were as follows: 

# of Securities to be 
 Issued Upon Exercise 
 of Outstanding 
 Options, Warrants, 
 and Rights 
 
 Weighted-Average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants, and 
 Rights 
 
 # of Securities 
 Remaining 
Available for 
 Future Issuance 
Under Equity 
Compensation Plans 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 
 
 280,074 
 (1) 
 
 n/a 
 
 248,873 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 
 
 n/a 

n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 ___________________ 

(1) 
 Consists of restricted stock awards granted to executive officers and certain employees. 

31 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Performance Graph 

 The following graph provides a comparison
of the cumulative total return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the Standard Poor s 500 Index and
the MSCI US REIT Index. The MSCI US REIT Index represents performance of publicly-traded REITs. Returns over the indicated period are
based on historical data and should not be considered indicative of future returns. The graph covers the period from December 31, 2017
to December 31, 2022 and assumes that 100 was invested in our common stock and in each index on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends
were reinvested. 

This performance graph shall not
be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any filing by us under
the Securities Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following discussion and analysis
is based on, and should be read in conjunction with our audited historical financial statements and related notes thereto as of and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 Overview 

 We are a full service, vertically
integrated, self-administered and self-managed REIT focused on the acquisition, ownership and management of single and multi-tenant industrial
properties, including distribution centers, warehouses, light industrial and small bay industrial properties. The Company Portfolio consists
of 157 industrial properties located in eleven states with an aggregate of approximately 33.8 million rentable square feet leased to 478
different tenants. 

 Our strategy is to acquire, own
and manage single and multi-tenant industrial properties located in primary and secondary markets, as well as select sub-markets, with
access to large pools of skilled labor in the main industrial, distribution and logistics corridors of the United States. We seek to generate
attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders through a combination of dividends and capital appreciation. 

 Factors That May Influence Future Results of Operations 

 Business and Strategy 

 Our core investment strategy is
to acquire industrial properties located in primary and secondary markets, as well as select sub-markets across the U.S. We expect to
acquire these properties through third-party purchases and structured sale-leasebacks where we believe we can achieve high initial yields
and strong ongoing cash-on-cash returns. 

 Our target markets are located
in primary and secondary markets, as well as select sub-markets, because we believe these markets tend to have less occupancy and rental
rate volatility and less buyer competition relative to gateway markets. We also believe that the systematic aggregation of such properties
will result in a diversified portfolio that will produce sustainable risk-adjusted returns. Future results of operations may be affected,
either positively or negatively, by our ability to effectively execute this strategy. 

 We also intend to continue pursuing
joint venture arrangements with institutional partners which could provide management fee income as well as residual profit-sharing income.
Such joint ventures may involve investing in industrial assets that would be characterized as opportunistic or value-add investments.
These may involve development or redevelopment strategies that may require significant up-front capital expenditures, lengthy lease-up
periods and result in inconsistent cash flows. As such, these properties risk profiles and return metrics would likely differ from
the non-joint venture properties that we target for acquisition. 

32 

Rental Revenue and Tenant Recoveries 

 We receive income primarily from
rental revenue from our properties. The amount of rental revenue generated by the Company Portfolio depends principally on the occupancy
levels and lease rates at our properties, our ability to lease currently available space and space that becomes available as a result
of lease expirations and on the rental rates at our properties. The Company Portfolio was approximately 99.0 and 97.4 occupied as of
December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Our occupancy rate is impacted by general market conditions in the geographic areas which our
properties are located and the financial condition of tenants in our target markets. 

 Scheduled Lease Expirations 

 Our ability to re-lease space subject
to expiring leases will impact our results of operations and will be affected by economic and competitive conditions in the markets in
which we operate and by the desirability of our individual properties. During the period from January 1, 2023, through to December 31,
2024, an aggregate of 28.3 of the annualized base rent leases in the Company Portfolio are scheduled to expire, which we believe will
provide us an opportunity to adjust below market leases to reflect current market conditions. 

 The table below reflects certain
data about our new and renewed leases with terms of greater than six months executed in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Year 
 
 Type 
 
 Square 
Footage 

of Total Square Footage 

Expiring Rent 

New 
Rent 

Change 

Tenant Improvements /SF/YR 

Lease Commissions /SF/YR 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Renewals 
 
 4,602,355 

60.2 

4.31 

4.87 

13.0 

0.15 

0.16 

New Leases 
 
 3,041,526 

39.8 

3.51 

4.51 

28.5 

0.40 

0.23 

Total 
 
 7,643,881 

100 

3.99 

4.73 

18.5 

0.25 

0.19 

Conditions in Our Markets 

 The Company Portfolio is located
in various primary and secondary markets within the main industrial distribution and logistics corridors of the United States. Positive
or negative changes in economic or other conditions, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters in these markets are likely to affect
our overall performance. 

 Property Expenses 

 Our rental expenses generally consist
of utilities, real estate taxes, insurance and repair and maintenance costs. For the majority of the Company Portfolio, property expenses
are controlled, in part, by either the triple net provisions or modified gross lease expense reimbursement provisions in tenant leases.
However, the terms of our tenant leases vary and in some instances the leases may provide that we are responsible for certain property
expenses. Accordingly, our overall financial results will be impacted by the extent to which we are able to pass-through property expenses
to our tenants. 

 General and Administrative Expenses 

 We expect to incur increased general
and administrative expenses, including legal, accounting, and other expenses related to corporate governance and public reporting and
compliance. In addition, we anticipate that our staffing levels will increase from current levels as of December 31, 2022, during the
subsequent 12 to 24 months and, as a result, our general and administrative expenses will increase further. 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 

 The preparation of our consolidated
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reported period. Certain estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently subjective and based
on the existing business and market conditions and are therefore continually evaluated based upon available information and experience.
The following item requires significant estimation or judgement. 

33 

Purchase Price Accounting 

 We have determined that judgments
regarding the allocation of the purchase price of acquired real estate properties based upon the fair value of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed to be a critical accounting estimate. As discussed below in Critical Accounting Policies, we allocate
the purchase price of acquired real estate properties based upon the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which
generally consist of land, buildings, tenant improvements, mortgage debt assumed, if applicable, and deferred leasing intangibles, which
includes in-place leases, above market and below market leases, and tenant relationships, and is therefore subject to subjective analysis
and uncertainty. The purchase price is allocated to the fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property by valuing the property
as if it were vacant. The determination of fair value includes the use of significant assumptions such as rental rates, land value,
discount rates, and exit capitalization rates. Acquired above and below market lease intangibles are valued based on the present
value of the difference between prevailing market rental rates and the in-place rental rates measured over a period equal to the remaining
term of the lease for above market leases or the remaining term of the lease plus the term of any below market fixed rate renewal options
for below market leases. The purchase price is further allocated to in-place lease values based on an estimate of the lease revenue received
during a reasonable lease-up period as if the property was vacant on the date of acquisition. The allocation of the purchase price to
mortgage debt assumed, if applicable, is determined by comparing the net present value of remaining debt payments at the stated rate
per the mortgage agreement to the net present value of the remaining debt payments using the prevailing market borrowing rates. We do
not believe that the conclusions we reached regarding the allocation of the purchase price of acquired real estate properties, in the
current economic and operating environment, would result in a materially different conclusion within any reasonable range of assumptions
that could have been applied. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

 Our discussion and analysis of
our company s historical financial condition and results of operations are based upon its consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management
to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses in the reporting period. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates
and assumptions. 

 We believe our most critical accounting
policies are the regular evaluation of whether the value of a real estate asset has been impaired and accounting for acquisitions. Each
of these items involves estimates that require management to make judgments that are subjective in nature. We collect historical data
and current market data, and based on our experience we analyze these assumptions in order to arrive at what we believe to be reasonable
estimates. Under different conditions or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported related to the accounting policies
described below. In addition, application of these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgments on the use of assumptions as
to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could materially differ from these estimates. 

 Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of the
consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management makes significant
estimates regarding the allocation of tangible and intangible assets and liabilities for real estate acquisitions and impairments of
long-lived assets. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates
its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current economic
environment. Management adjusts such estimates when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be
determined with precision, actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 

34 

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

 We record all derivatives on the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended
use of the derivative, whether we have elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting, and whether
the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge
of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest
rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected
future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for
the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value
of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted
transactions in a cash flow hedge. We may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risks,
even though hedge accounting does not apply, or we elect not to apply hedge accounting. 

 In accordance with fair value measurement
guidance, we made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of our derivative financial instruments that are subject to
master netting arrangements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. Credit risk is the risk of failure of the counterparty to perform
under the terms of the contract. We minimize the credit risk in our derivative financial instruments by entering into transactions with
various high-quality counterparties. Our exposure to credit risk at any point is generally limited to amounts recorded as assets on the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

 We assess the carrying values of
our respective long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amounts of these assets may not be
fully recoverable. 

 Recoverability of real estate
assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. In order to review
our real estate assets for recoverability, we consider current market conditions, as well as our intent with respect to holding or disposing
of the asset. Our intent with regard to the underlying assets might change as market conditions change, as well as other factors, especially
in the current global economic environment. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash
flow models, applying a capitalization rate to estimated net operating income of a property based on market participant assumptions
and quoted market values and third-party appraisals, where considered necessary. The use of projected future cash flows is based
on assumptions that are consistent with our estimates of future expectations and the strategic plan we use to manage our underlying business.
If our analysis indicates that the carrying value of the real estate asset is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, we
recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the current estimated fair value of the real estate
property. 

 Assumptions and estimates used
in the recoverability analyses for future cash flows, discount rates and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. Changes in economic
and operating conditions or our intent with regard to our investment that occurs subsequent to our impairment analyses could impact these
assumptions and result in future impairment of our real estate properties. 

 Real Estate Property Acquisitions 

 The Company accounts for its
real estate property acquisitions in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 805. The Company has
concluded that the acquisition of real estate properties will generally be accounted for as an asset acquisition as opposed to
a business combination. The significant difference between the two accounting models is that within an acquisition of assets, acquisition
costs are capitalized as a cost of the assets, whereas in a business combination acquisition costs are expensed and not included as part
of the consideration transferred. 

 The accounting for real estate
property acquisitions requires estimates and judgment as to expectations for future cash flows of the acquired property, the allocation
of those cash flows to identifiable intangible assets and liabilities, and in determining the estimated fair value for assets acquired
and liabilities assumed. The amounts allocated to lease intangibles (leases in place, leasing commissions, tenant relationships, and above
and below market leases) are based on management s estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management,
including independent third party analysis and market data, and are generally amortized over the remaining life of the related leases
excluding renewal options, except in the case of below market fixed rate rent amounts, which are amortized over the applicable renewal
period. Such inputs are Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The process for determining the allocation to these components requires management
to make estimates and assumptions, including rental rates, land value, discount rates, and exit capitalization rates. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 Minimum rental revenue from real
estate operations is recognized on a straight-line basis. The straight-line rent calculation on leases includes the effects of rent concessions
and scheduled rent increases, and the calculated straight-line rent income is recognized over the lives of the individual leases. In accordance
to ASC 842, we assess the collectability of lease receivables (including future minimum rental payments) both at commencement and throughout
the lease term. If our assessment of collectability changes during the lease term, any difference between the revenue that would have
been received under the straight-line method and the lease payments that have been collected will be recognized as a current period adjustment
to rental revenue. Rental revenue associated with leases where collectability has been deemed less than probable is recognized on a cash
basis in accordance with ASC 842. 

35 

Results of Operations (dollars in thousands) 

 Our consolidated results of operations
are often not comparable from period to period due to the effect of property acquisitions and dispositions completed during the comparative
reporting periods. Our Total Portfolio represents all of the properties owned during the reported periods. To eliminate the effect of
changes in our Total Portfolio due to acquisitions, dispositions and other and to highlight the operating results of our on-going business,
we have separately presented the results of our Same Store Properties Portfolio and Acquisitions, Dispositions and Other. 

 For the years ended December 31,
2022, and 2021, we define the Same Store Portfolio as a subset of our Total Portfolio and includes properties that were wholly owned by
us for the entire period presented. We define Acquisitions, Dispositions and Other as any properties that were acquired, sold, or held
for development or repurposing during the period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022. 

 The discussion of our Same
Store Portfolio and our total portfolio for the comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this
Form 10-K can be found in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Item 7 of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022. 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022, Compared to Year
Ended December 31, 2021 

 The following table summarizes
the results of operations for our Same Store Portfolio, our acquisitions, dispositions and other and total portfolio for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Same
 Store Portfolio 

Acquisitions,
 Dispositions and Other 

Total
 Portfolio 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

Change 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

Change 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Revenue: 

Rental revenue 

125,436 

120,826 

4,610 

3.8 

58,006 

19,444 

38,562 

198.3 

183,442 

140,270 

43,172 

30.8 

Management fee revenue and other income 

94 

348 

(254) 
 
 (73.0) 

94 

348 

(254) 
 
 (73.0) 
 
 Total revenues 

125,436 

120,826 

4,610 

3.8 

58,100 

19,792 

38,308 

193.6 

183,536 

140,618 

42,918 

30.5 

Property expenses 

40,670 

40,936 

(266) 
 
 (0.6 

15,931 

6,700 

9,231 

137.8 

56,601 

47,636 

8,965 

18.8 

Depreciation and amortization 

95,312 

70,642 

24,670 

34.9 

General and administrative 

15,939 

12,920 

3,019 

23.4 

Total operating expenses 

167,852 

131,198 

36,654 

27.9 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

(32,217) 

(19,968) 

(12,249) 
 
 61.3 

Earnings (loss) in investment of unconsolidated joint venture 

(147) 

(850) 

703 

-82.7 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(2,176) 

(523) 

(1,653) 
 
 316.1 

Gain on sale of real estate 

1,775 

(1,775) 
 
 (100.0) 
 
 (Appreciation) depreciation of warrants 

1,760 

(5,121) 

6,881 

(134.4) 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

(32,780) 

(24,687) 

(8,093) 
 
 32.8 

Net loss 

(17,096) 

(15,267) 

(1,829) 
 
 12.0 

Rental revenue : Rental revenue
increased 43,172 to 183,442 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 140,270 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase was primarily related to a net increase in rental revenue from Acquisitions, Dispositions and Other of 38,562 and an
increase of 4,610 from Same Store Portfolio primarily due to scheduled rent steps, leasing activities, and tenant reimbursements
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 Management fee revenue: Management
fee revenue and other income represents management fee income earned from the unconsolidated joint venture and other miscellaneous income. 

 Property
expenses: Property expenses increased 8,965 for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 56,601 as compared to 47,636 for the
year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a net increase in expenses related to Acquisitions, Dispositions and Other of 9,231.
Property expenses for the Same Store Portfolio decreased approximately 266 primarily due to a decrease in real estate taxes and
utilities, partially offset by an increase in other operating expenses. 

 Depreciation and amortization :
Depreciation and amortization expense increased by approximately 24,670 to approximately 95,312 for the year ended December 31, 2022
as compared to 70,642 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a net increase from Acquisitions, Dispositions and Other
of 29,615 and a decrease of 4,945 for the Same Store Portfolio due to the full depreciation and amortization of certain
assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 General and
administrative: General and administrative expenses increased approximately 3,019 to 15,939 for the year ended December 31,
2022 as compared to 12,920 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is attributable primarily to a net increase in
payroll expense of 1,025 due to increased head count and compensation increases, an increase in professional fees of 440 and an increase in non-cash stock compensation of 1,045. 

 Interest expense :
Interest expense increased by approximately 12,249 to 32,217 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 19,968 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to additional borrowings associated with our acquisition activity and
increases in interest rates on our line of credit and term loan facility. The schedule below is a comparative analysis of the
components of interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

36 

(In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Changes in accrued interest 

2,248 

191 

Amortization of debt related costs 

2,163 

1,605 

Total change in accrued interest and amortization of debt related costs 

4,411 

1,796 

Cash interest paid 

28,931 

18,172 

Capitalized interest 

(1,125) 

Total interest expense 

32,217 

19,968 

Earnings (loss) in investment
of unconsolidated joint venture: Earnings (loss) in investment of unconsolidated joint venture represents the Company s pro-rata
share of the net loss recognized by the former MIR JV, which was consolidated into the Company s consolidated financial statements
following the Company s acquisition of the remaining 80 interest in the MIR JV from the MIR JV Partner on March 11, 2022. 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt:
 Loss on extinguishment of debt of 2,176 for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the repayment of the JPMorgan Chase Loan.
Loss on extinguishment of debt of 523 for the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to the partial repayment of the Transamerica Loan. 

 Gain on sale of real estate :
Gain on sale of real estate of 1,775 represents the gain realized on the sale of real estate for the year ended December 31, 2021. No
sales of real estate occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 

 (Appreciation) 
depreciation of warrants: (Appreciation) depreciation of warrants represents the change in the fair market value of our common
stock warrants. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a depreciation of warrants of 1,760 and
an appreciation of warrants of 5,121, respectively. During Q1 2022, all common stock warrants were fully exercised on a cash-less
basis and no warrants remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

 Supplemental Earnings Measures 

 Investors in and industry analysts
following the real estate industry utilize supplemental earnings measures such as net operating income NOI ), earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization for real estate EBITDA re ), funds from operations FFO ), core
funds from operations Core FFO and adjusted funds from operations AFFO as supplemental operating performance
measures of an equity REIT. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over
time through depreciation. Since real estate values instead have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry analysts
and investors prefer to supplement operating results that use historical cost accounting with measures such as NOI, EBITDA re , FFO,
Core FFO and AFFO, among others. We provide information related to NOI, EBITDA re , FFO, Core FFO and AFFO both because such industry
analysts are interested in such information, and because our management believes NOI, EBITDA re , FFO, Core FFO and AFFO are important
performance measures. NOI, EBITDA re , FFO, Core FFO and AFFO are factors used by management in measuring our performance. Neither
NOI, EBITDA re , FFO, Core FFO or AFFO should be considered as a substitute for net income, or any other measures derived in accordance
with GAAP. Neither NOI, EBITDA re , FFO, Core FFO or AFFO represents cash generated from operating activities in accordance with
GAAP and neither should be considered as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity, nor is either
indicative of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. 

 NOI 

 We consider net operating income,
or NOI, to be an appropriate supplemental measure to net income in that it helps both investors and management understand the core operations
of our properties. We define NOI as total revenue (including rental revenue and tenant reimbursements) less property-level operating expenses.
NOI excludes depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, impairments, gain/loss on sale of real estate, interest
expense, and other non-operating items. 

 The following is a reconciliation
from historical reported net loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to
NOI: 

37 

(In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

NOI: 

Net loss 
 
 (17,096) 

(15,267) 

(14,462) 
 
 General and administrative 
 
 15,939 

12,920 

10,362 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 95,312 

70,642 

56,428 

Interest expense 
 
 32,217 

19,968 

18,931 

(Earnings) loss in investment of unconsolidated joint venture 
 
 147 

850 

19 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 
 2,176 

523 

Gain on sale of real estate 

(1,775) 

Impairment on real estate lease 

311 

Appreciation (depreciation) of warrants 
 
 (1,760) 

5,121 

103 

Management fee revenue and other income 
 
 (94) 

(348) 

(15) 
 
 NOI 
 
 126,841 

92,634 

71,677 

EBITDAre 

 We define earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for real estate in accordance with the standards established by the National
Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). EBITDA re represents net income (loss), computed in
accordance with GAAP, before interest expense, tax, depreciation and amortization, gains or losses on the sale of rental property, appreciation (depreciation) of warrants, loss on impairments, and loss on extinguishment of debt. We believe that
EBITDA re is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of our operating performance as a real estate company as it is a
direct measure of the actual operating results of our industrial properties. The following table sets forth a reconciliation of our
historical net loss to EBITDA re for the periods presented: 

(In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

EBITDA re : 

Net loss 
 
 (17,096) 

(15,267) 

(14,462) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 95,312 

70,642 

56,428 

Interest expense 
 
 32,217 

19,968 

18,931 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 
 2,176 

523 

Gain on sale of real estate 

(1,775) 

Appreciation (depreciation) of warrants 
 
 (1,760) 

5,121 

103 

EBITDA re 
 
 110,849 

79,212 

61,000 

FFO 

 Funds from operations, or FFO,
is a non-GAAP financial measure that is widely recognized as a measure of REIT operating performance. We consider FFO to be an appropriate
supplemental measure of our operating performance as it is based on a net income analysis of property portfolio performance that excludes
non-cash items such as depreciation. The historical accounting convention used for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation
of buildings and improvements, which implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate
values rise and fall with market conditions, presentations of operating results for a REIT, using historical accounting for depreciation,
could be less informative. In December 2018, NAREIT issued a white paper restating the definition of FFO. The purpose of the restatement
was not to change the fundamental definition of FFO, but to clarify existing NAREIT guidance. The restated definition of FFO is as follows:
Net Income (calculated in accordance with GAAP), excluding: (i) Depreciation and amortization related to real estate, (ii) Gains and losses
from the sale of certain real estate assets, (iii) Gain and losses from change in control, and (iv) Impairment write-downs of certain
real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real
estate held by the entity. 

 We define FFO, consistent with
the NAREIT definition. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis.
Other equity REITs may not calculate FFO as we do, and, accordingly, our FFO may not be comparable to such other REITs FFO. FFO
should not be used as a measure of our liquidity and is not indicative of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to
pay dividends. Core FFO represents FFO reduced by dividends paid (or declared) to holders of our preferred stock, acquisition and transaction
related expenses for transactions not completed, and certain non-cash operating expenses such as impairment on real estate lease, appreciation/(depreciation) of warrants and loss on extinguishment of debt. As with FFO, our reported Core FFO may not be comparable
to other REITs Core FFO, should not be used as a measure of our liquidity, and is not indicative of our funds available for our
cash needs, including our ability to pay dividends. 

38 

The following table sets forth a
reconciliation of our historical net loss to FFO and Core FFO for the periods presented: 

(In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 FFO: 

Net loss 
 (17,096 
 (15,267 
 (14,462 
 
 Gain on sale of real estate 
 
 (1,775 

Depreciation and amortization 
 95,312 
 70,642 
 56,428 
 
 Depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated joint venture 
 268 
 1,539 
 64 
 
 FFO 
 78,484 
 55,139 
 42,030 
 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 (4,866 
 (6,608 
 (6,444 
 
 Acquisition expenses 
 201 

Appreciation (depreciation) of warrants 
 (1,760 
 5,121 
 103 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 2,176 
 523 

Impairment on real estate lease 

311 
 
 Core FFO 
 74,235 
 54,175 
 36,000 

AFFO 

 Adjusted funds from operations,
or AFFO, is presented in addition to Core FFO. AFFO is defined as Core FFO, excluding certain non-cash operating revenues and expenses,
capitalized interest and recurring capitalized expenditures. Recurring capitalized expenditures include expenditures required to maintain
and re-tenant our properties, tenant improvements and leasing commissions. AFFO further adjusts Core FFO for certain other non-cash items,
including the amortization or accretion of above or below market rents included in revenues, straight line rent adjustments, non-cash
equity compensation and non-cash interest expense. 

 We believe AFFO provides a useful
supplemental measure of our operating performance because it provides a consistent comparison of our operating performance across time
periods that is comparable for each type of real estate investment and is consistent with management s analysis of the operating
performance of our properties. As a result, we believe that the use of AFFO, together with the required GAAP presentations, provide a
more complete understanding of our operating performance. 

 As with Core FFO, our reported
AFFO may not be comparable to other REITs AFFO, should not be used as a measure of our liquidity, and is not indicative of our
funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to pay dividends. 

 The following table sets forth a
reconciliation of FFO attributable to common stockholders and unit holders to AFFO. 

(In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 AFFO: 

Core FFO 
 74,235 
 54,175 
 36,000 
 
 Amortization of debt related costs 
 2,163 
 1,605 
 1,467 
 
 Non-cash interest expense 
 2,248 
 191 
 148 
 
 Stock compensation 
 2,603 
 1,559 
 1,439 
 
 Capitalized interest 
 (1,125 

Straight line rent 
 (3,682 
 (3,700 
 (1,963 
 
 Above/below market lease rents 
 (3,151 
 (2,096 
 (2,075 
 
 Recurring capital expenditures (1) 
 (6,793 
 (8,767 
 (3,263 
 
 AFFO 
 66,498 
 42,967 
 31,753 

_______________ 

(1) 
 Excludes
 non-recurring capital expenditures of 60,350, 22,547 and 5,427 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Cash Flow 

 A summary of our cash flows for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

(In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 72,228 
 57,940 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (252,357 
 (356,080 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 167,968 
 309,460 

Operating activities : Net
cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased approximately 14,288 compared to the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to incremental operating cash flows from acquisitions completed during
2022 and same store properties. 

39 

Investing activities: Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased approximately 103,723 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021 primarily due to a decrease in property acquisitions completed during 2022 totaling 197,085 as opposed to 337,030
during 2021, a decrease in proceeds from the sale of real estate property and land parcel of 6,036 during 2021, offset by an increase
in capital expenditures of 30,186. 

 Financing activities : Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased approximately 141,492 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021. The change was predominantly driven by an decrease of 116,148 in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock, secured
and unsecured debt and the line of credit, and a decrease in debt issuance costs and repurchase and extinguishment of Series A Preferred
stock of 1,850, offset by an increase of 15,000 in redemption of Series B Preferred Stock during 2022 and an increase of 8,494
in dividends paid. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 We intend to make reserve allocations
as necessary to aid our objective of preserving capital for our investors by supporting the maintenance and viability of properties we
acquire in the future. If reserves and any other available income become insufficient to cover our operating expenses and liabilities,
it may be necessary to obtain additional funds by borrowing, refinancing properties or liquidating our investments. 

 Our short-term liquidity requirements
consist primarily of funds to pay for operating expenses and other expenditures directly associated with our properties, including: 

property expenses that are not borne by our tenants under our leases; 

principal and interest expense on outstanding indebtedness; 

general and administrative expenses; and 

capital expenditures for tenant improvements and leasing commissions. 
 
 In addition, we will require funds
for future dividends required to be paid on our Series A Preferred Stock. 

 We intend to satisfy our short-term
liquidity requirements through our existing cash, cash flow from operating activities and the net proceeds of any potential future offerings. 

 Our long-term liquidity needs consist
primarily of funds necessary to pay for acquisitions, recurring and non-recurring capital expenditures and scheduled debt maturities.
We intend to satisfy our long-term liquidity needs through cash flow from operations, long-term secured and unsecured borrowings, future
issuances of equity and debt securities, property dispositions and joint venture transactions, and, in connection with acquisitions of
additional properties, the issuance of OP units. 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had available
liquidity of approximately 303.7 million, comprised of 31.2 million in cash and cash equivalents and 272.5 million of borrowing capacity
on our KeyBank unsecured line of credit. The Company anticipates it will have sufficient liquidity and access to capital resources to
meet its current obligations and to meet any scheduled debt maturities. 

 Variable Interest Rates 

 We are exposed to market risk from
changes in interest rates. Interest rate exposure relates primarily to the effect of interest rate changes on borrowings outstanding under
our KeyBank line of credit and unsecured KeyBank Term Loans, which bear interest at a variable rate. 

 At December 31, 2022, we
had 527,500 of outstanding variable rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, all our outstanding variable debt, with the exception of the
KeyBank unsecured line of credit which had a balance of 77,500, was fixed with interest rate swaps through maturity. The KeyBank
unsecured line of credit was subject to a weighted average interest rate of 3.86 during the year ended December 31, 2022.
Based on the variable rate borrowings for our KeyBank unsecured line of credit outstanding during the year ended December 31,
2022, we estimate that had the average interest rate on our weighted average borrowings increased by 25 basis points for the year
ended December 31, 2022, our interest expense for the year would have increased by approximately 709. This estimate
assumes the interest rate of each borrowing is raised by 25 basis points. The impact on future interest expense as a result of future
changes in interest rates will depend largely on the gross amount of our borrowings at that time. 

40 

Existing Indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 

 The following is a schedule of our
indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 

Loan 
 
 Outstanding 
Balance 

Interest rate at 
December 31, 2022 

Final Maturity Date 
 
 Secured debt: 

AIG Loan 

111,758 

4.08 

November 1, 2023 
 
 Transamerica Loan 

67,398 

4.35 

August 1, 2028 
 
 Allianz Loan 

62,388 

4.07 

April 10, 2026 
 
 Minnesota Life Loan 

20,019 

3.78 

May 1, 2028 
 
 Minnesota Life Memphis Industrial Loan 

56,000 

3.15 

January 1, 2028 
 
 Lincoln Life Gateway Mortgage 

28,800 

3.43 

January 1, 2028 
 
 Ohio National Life Mortgage 

19,045 

4.14 

August 1, 2024 
 
 Nationwide Loan 

15,000 

2.97 

October 1, 2027 
 
 Midland National Life Insurance Mortgage 

10,820 

3.50 

March 10, 2028 
 
 Total secured debt 

391,228 

Unamortized debt issuance costs, net 

(1,985) 

Unamortized premium/(discount), net 

288 

Secured debt, net 

389,531 

Unsecured debt: 

100m KeyBank Term Loan 

100,000 

3.10 (1)(2) 

August 11, 2026 
 
 200m KeyBank Term Loan 

200,000 

3.13 (1)(2) 

February 11, 2027 
 
 150m KeyBank Term Loan 

150,000 

4.50 (1)(2) 

May 2, 2027 
 
 Total unsecured debt 

450,000 

Unamortized debt issuance costs, net 

(2,655) 

Unsecured debt, net 

447,345 

Borrowings under line of credit: 

KeyBank unsecured line of credit 

77,500 

5.77 (1) 

August 11, 2025 
 
 Total borrowings under line of credit 

77,500 

________________________ 

(1) 
 For the month of December 2022, the one-month term SOFR for our unsecured debt and borrowings under line of credit was 4.124 . The spread over the applicable rate for the 100m, 150m, and 200m KeyBank Term Loans and KeyBank unsecured line of credit is based on the Company s total leverage ratio plus the 0.1 SOFR index adjustment. 
 
 (2) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the one-month term SOFR for the 100m, 150m and 200m KeyBank Term Loans was swapped to a fixed rate of 1.504 , 2.904 , and 1.5273 , respectively. 

2022 Debt Activity 

 On March 11, 2022, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Operating Partnership assumed a mortgage (the Minnesota Life Memphis Industrial Loan with a balance of 56,000
in conjunction with our acquisition of all outstanding interests in the entity owning the portfolio in Memphis, Tennessee. The Minnesota
Life Memphis Industrial Loan, held by Minnesota Life Insurance Company, matures on January 1, 2028, bears interest at 3.15 and is secured
by the properties. The Minnesota Life Memphis Industrial Loan requires monthly installments of interest only through January 1, 2023,
and afterwards, monthly installments of principal plus accrued interest through January 1, 2028, at which time a balloon payment is required.
The Company has the right to prepay the borrowings outstanding, subject to a prepayment penalty in effect until the loan approaches maturity. 

 On May 2, 2022, the Company entered
into an amendment to the KeyBank unsecured facility. The credit facility agreement, as amended, expanded the availability on the KeyBank
unsecured line of credit up to 350 million and entered into a new 150 million unsecured term loan (the 150m KeyBank Term Loan ),
with an accordion feature that allows the total borrowing capacity under the credit facility to be increased to 1 billion, subject to
certain conditions. The 150m KeyBank Term Loan matures in May 2027. The maturity date for the KeyBank unsecured line of credit remains
unchanged. The amendment also provided for the transition of the reference rate for the KeyBank unsecured line of credit and the 100m,
 200m, and 150m KeyBank Term Loans from 1-month LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). Borrowings under the
credit agreement, as amended, bear interest at either (1) the base rate (determined as the highest of (a) KeyBank s prime rate,
(b) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR for a one month tenor plus 1.0 or (2) SOFR, plus, in either case,
a spread (A) between 35 and 90 basis points for revolver base rate loans or between 135 and 190 basis points for revolver SOFR rate loans
and (B) between 30 and 85 basis points for term base rate loans or between 130 and 185 basis points for term SOFR rate loans, with the
amount of the spread depending on the Company s total leverage ratio. 
 Stock Issuances 

 Universal Shelf S-3 Registration Statement 
in thousands) 

 On June 11, 2021, the Company and
Operating Partnership filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 2021 750 Million S-3 Filing with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC registering an aggregate of 750,000 of securities, consisting of an indeterminate amount
of common stock, preferred stock, depository shares, warrants, rights to purchase our common stock and debt securities. As of December
31, 2022, the Company has 583,401 available for issuance under the 2021 750 Million S-3 Filing. 

41 

ATM Program 

 On May 26, 2021, the Company entered
into a distribution agreement with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated, Barclays Capital Inc., Berenberg
Capital Markets LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., Capital One Securities Inc., JMP Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC, National
Securities Corporation and Wedbush Securities Inc pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell, from time to time, shares of its common
stock, with aggregate gross sales proceeds of up to 125,000 through an at-the-market equity offering program (the 2021
 125 Million ATM Program ). 

 On August 10, 2021, the Company
entered into an amendment to the 2021 125 Million ATM Program (the 2021 Amended ATM Program to reference the Company s
shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 11, 2021.
The Company, under the 2021 Amended ATM Program may issue and sell, from time to time, shares of its common stock, with aggregate gross
sales proceeds of up to 82,288 through an at-the-market equity offering program. 

 On November 9, 2021, the Company
entered into a distribution agreement with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated, Barclays Capital Inc.,
Berenberg Capital Markets LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., Capital One Securities Inc., JMP Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC,
National Securities Corporation, Wedbush Securities Inc and Wells Fargo Securities pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell, from
time to time, shares of its common stock, with aggregate gross sales proceeds of up to 200,000 through an at-the-market 
equity offering program (the 2021 200 Million ATM Program ). 

 For the year ending December 31,
2022, the Company has issued 2,345,247 shares of its common stock under the 2021 200 Million ATM Program for aggregate net proceeds of
approximately 58,179. The Company has approximately 95,179 available for issuance under the 2021 200 Million ATM Program. 

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

 The following table sets forth
our obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022: 

(in thousands) 
 
 Payments Due by Period 

Total 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Principal payments - secured debt 

391,228 

116,598 

23,180 

4,961 

62,740 

17,650 

166,099 

Principal payments - unsecured debt 

450,000 

100,000 

350,000 

Principal payments - borrowings under line of credit 

77,500 

77,500 

Interest payments - secured debt 

50,584 

14,649 

10,062 

9,374 

7,606 

6,595 

2,298 

Interest payments - unsecured debt 

65,920 

16,110 

16,110 

16,110 

14,818 

2,772 

Interest payments - borrowings under line of credit (1) 

16,025 

4,472 

4,472 

4,472 

2,609 

Office Leases 

7,208 

1,274 

1,243 

857 

764 

779 

2,291 

Ground Leases (2) 

8,576 

192 

192 

207 

209 

209 

7,567 

Total Contractual Obligations 

1,067,041 

153,295 

55,259 

113,481 

188,746 

378,005 

178,255 

____________________ 

(1) Interest payments for the 100m, 150m and 200m KeyBank Term
Loans are calculated using a fixed rate of 1.504 , 2.904 , and 1.5273 , respectively and 5.77 on the borrowings under line of credit. 

(2) Includes two ground subleases with a lease term through the
end of December 31, 2055. Lease term includes one, twenty year renewal option at a stated rent. 

In addition to the contractual obligations
set forth in the table above, we have entered into employment agreements with certain of our executive officers. As approved by the compensation
committee of the Board of Directors the agreements provide for base salaries ranging from 300 to 550 annually with discretionary cash
performance awards. The agreements contain provisions for equity awards, general benefits, and termination and severance provisions, consistent
with similar positions and companies. 

 We also enter into contracts for
maintenance and other services at certain properties from time to time. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 As of December 31, 2022, we have
no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

 Inflation 

 Prior to 2021, the rate of inflation
was low and had minimal impact on the performance of our industrial properties in the markets in which we operate, however, inflation
has significantly increased during 2021 and 2022 and may remain at an elevated level or increase further. The majority of our leases
are either triple net or provide for tenant reimbursement for costs related to real estate taxes and operating expenses. In addition,
most of the leases provide for fixed rent increases. We believe that inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by the contractual
rent increases and tenant payment of taxes and expenses described above. We do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on
our historical financial position or results of operations. 

42 

Interest Rate Risk 

 The Company uses interest rate
swap agreements as a derivative instrument to manage interest rate risk and is recognized on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value.
As of December 31, 2022, all our outstanding variable rate debt, with the exception of the KeyBank unsecured line of credit, was fixed
with interest rate swaps through maturity. We recognize all derivatives within the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. If the derivative
is a hedge, depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of derivatives are either offset against the change in fair
value of the hedged assets, liabilities, or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income, which is a
component of stockholders equity. The ineffective portion of a derivative s change in fair value is immediately recognized
in earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has entered into five interest rate swap agreements. 

 The following table details our
outstanding interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2022. 

Interest Rate 

SOFR Interest 

Notional Value (1) 

Fair Value (2) 

Swap Counterparty 
 
 Trade Date 
 
 Effective Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Strike Rate 

December 31, 2022 

Capital One, N.A. 
 
 July 13, 2022 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 February 11, 2027 

1.527 (3) 

200,000 

17,062 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 
 July 13, 2022 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 August 8, 2026 

1.504 (3) 

100,000 

7,932 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 
 August 19, 2022 
 
 September 1, 2022 
 
 May 2, 2027 

2.904 

75,000 

2,565 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
 
 August 19, 2022 
 
 September 1, 2022 
 
 May 2, 2027 

2.904 

37,500 

1,283 

Capital One, N.A. 
 
 August 19, 2022 
 
 September 1, 2022 
 
 May 2, 2027 

2.904 

37,500 

1,273 

_______________ 

(1) 
 Represents the notional value of interest rate swaps effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 As of December 31, 2022, all our interest rate swaps were in an asset position. 
 
 (3) 
 On July 13, 2022, the Company entered into amendments to the 200,000 and 100,000 notional interest rate swap agreements with Capital One, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., respectively. The amendments transitioned the previous USD-LIBOR floating rates to USD-SOFR CME Term floating rates and are effective as of July 1, 2022. 
 
 Although the Company has determined
that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments
associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default
by itself and its counterparties. However, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit
valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are
not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations in
their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

 During the next twelve months,
the Company estimates that an additional 16,041 will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense. No assurance can be given that
any future hedging activities by us will have the desired beneficial effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

 We have reviewed all recently issued
standards and have determined that, other than as disclosed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual
report on Form 10-K, such standards will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or do not otherwise apply
to our operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

 Response to this item is included
in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations above. 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

 The information with respect to
this Item 8 is hereby incorporated by reference from our Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

ITEM
 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

 Disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required
to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the forms and rules of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO
and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 In connection with the preparation
of this annual report on Form 10-K, our management, including the CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. As a result of this evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide the reasonable assurance described above. 

43 

(b) Management s Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 The management of Plymouth
Industrial REIT, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. 

 Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Management has assessed the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria described in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). Based on the evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December
31, 2022. 

 The effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

 There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or were reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

ITEM 9C. HOLDING FOREIGN COMPANIES ACCOUNTABLE ACT 

 Not applicable. 

44 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

 Information with respect to this
Item 10 is incorporated by reference from our proxy statement, which we intend to file on or before April 30, 2023, in connection with
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 Information with respect to this
Item 11 is incorporated by reference from our proxy statement, which we intend to file on or before April 30, 2023, in connection with
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

 Information with respect to this
Item 12 is incorporated by reference from our proxy statement, which we intend to file on or before April 30, 2023, in connection with
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 Information with respect to this
Item 13 is incorporated by reference from our proxy statement, which we intend to file on or before April 30, 2023, in connection with
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND EXPENSES 

 Information with respect to this
Item 14 is incorporated by reference from our proxy statement, which we intend to file on or before April 30, 2023, in connection with
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

45 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (a) Financial Statements 

 See Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements set forth on page F-1 of this Form 10-K as filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 (b) Financial Statement
Schedule 

 Financial Statement Schedule III
as listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements is filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 (c) Exhibits 

 The exhibits listed in the Exhibit
Index are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-196798) filed on September 11, 2014) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-173048) filed on September 10, 2014) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-19748) filed on June 1, 2017) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles Supplementary designating the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on October 23, 2017) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles Supplementary designating the terms of the Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on December 17, 2018) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on February 27, 2020) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on February 27, 2020) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated 2014 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-251104) filed on December 3, 2020) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement (Employee) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-251104) filed on December 3, 2020) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement (Director) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-251104) filed on December 3, 2020) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Plymouth Industrial OP, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-196798) filed on September 11, 2014) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement with Jeffrey E. Witherell, dated as of June 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-381061) filed on June 24, 2019) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement with Pendleton P. White, Jr., dated as of June 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-381061) filed on June 24, 2019) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement with Daniel C. Wright, dated as of June 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-381061) filed on June 24, 2019) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-196798) filed on May 22, 2017) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Plymouth Industrial 20 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-196798) filed on March 29, 2017) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note (AGLIC), dated November 18, 2016, in the original principal amount of 66,240,000.00, made payable to the order of AGLIC, as Holder, by Borrowers, as Maker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-196798) filed on March 29, 2017) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note (AHAC), dated November 18, 2016, in the original principal amount of 21,900,000.00, made payable to the order of AHAC, as Holder, by Borrowers, as Maker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-196798) filed on March 29, 2017) 

46 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Promissory Note (NUFIC), dated November 18, 2016, in the original principal amount of 21,900,000.00, made payable to the
 order of NUFIC, as Holder, by Borrowers, as Maker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-196798) filed on March 29, 2017) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Promissory Note (USLIC), dated November 18, 2016, in the original principal amount of 9,960,000.00, made payable to the
 order of USLIC, as Holder, by Borrowers, as Maker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-11 (file No. 333-196798) filed on March 29, 2017) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Loan
 Agreement, dated October 17, 2016, by and among American General Life Insurance Company, American Home Assurance Company, National Union
 Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, PA. and The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York, collectively as Lender,
 and the Borrowers named therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-196798) filed on March 29, 2017) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2017, by and among Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc., DOF IV REIT Holdings, LLC and DOF IV Plymouth PM, LLC 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on June 23, 2017) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Stockholders
 Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2017, by and among Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc., DOF IV REIT Holdings, LLC and DOF IV Plymouth PM, LLC 
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on June 23, 2017) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Plymouth Industrial OP LP designating the terms of the Series A
 Preferred Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106)
 filed on October 23, 2017). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment
 to Stockholders Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2018, by and among Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc., DOF IV REIT Holdings, LLC and DOF
 IV Plymouth PM, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106)
 filed on April 4, 2018) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Loan
 Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2018, by and among Transamerica Life Insurance Company and the Borrowers named therein (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on July 17, 2018) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Investment
 Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2018, by and between Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. and MIRELF VI Pilgrim, LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on November 27, 2018) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2020, by and among Plymouth Industrial OP, LP, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, KeyBank National Association and the other Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on October 9, 2020 
 
 10.19 
 
 First
 Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2021, by and among Plymouth Industrial OP, LP,
 the Guarantors, KeyBank National Association and the other Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on August 17, 2021 
 
 10.20 
 
 Term
 Loan Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2021, by and among Plymouth Industrial OP, LP, the Guarantors from time to time party
 thereto, KeyBank National Association and the other Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on August 17, 2021 
 
 10.21 
 
 Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2021, by and among Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc., Plymouth Industrial OP, LP and the Agents party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38106) filed on November 9, 2021 
 
 10.22 
 
 Employment Agreement with Anthony Saladino, dated as of February 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-381061) filed on February
 23, 2022) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Second Amendment, Increase and Joinder Agreement to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2022, by and among Plymouth Industrial OP, LP, the Guarantors from time-to-time party thereto, KeyBank National Association and the other Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-381061) filed on May 4, 2022) 
 
 10.24 
 
 First Amendment and Joinder to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2022, by and among Plymouth Industrial OP, LP, the Guarantors from time-to-time party thereto, KeyBank National Association and the other Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form
 8-K (File No. 001-381061) filed on May 4, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant
 to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant
 to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not
 appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.XSD 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

47 

________________ 

 Filed herewith. 

 Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 None 

48 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

PLYMOUTH INDUSTRIAL REIT, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey E. Witherell 

Name: 
 Jeffrey E. Witherell 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jeffrey E. Witherell 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey E. Witherell 

/s/ Anthony Saladino 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 Anthony Saladino 

/s/ Pendleton P. White, Jr. 
 
 President, Chief Investment Officer and Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 Pendleton P. White, Jr. 

/s/ Martin Barber 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 Martin Barber 

/s/ Philip S. Cottone 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 Philip S. Cottone 

/s/ Richard DeAgazio 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 Richard DeAgazio 

/s/ David G. Gaw 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 David G. Gaw 

/s/ John W. Guinee III 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 John W. Guinee III 

/s/ Caitlin Murphy 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 Caitlin Murphy 

49 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
 Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Preferred Stock and Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule III. Real Estate Properties and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2022 
 F-34 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. 

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Plymouth Industrial
REIT, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of changes in preferred stock and equity, and of cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index
(collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the COSO. 

Basis for Opinions 

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements,
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility
is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained
in all material respects. 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control
over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

F- 2 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of
the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period
audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i)
relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

 Real Estate Property Acquisitions 

 As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, during
2022, the Company completed 29 property acquisitions for a total purchase price of 260.0 million, of which 30.9 million of land, 210.2
million of buildings and site improvements, and 18.7 million of net deferred lease intangibles were recorded. The accounting for real
estate property acquisitions requires estimates and judgment as to expectations for future cash flows of the acquired property, the allocation
of those cash flows to identifiable intangible assets and liabilities, and in determining the estimated fair value for assets acquired
and liabilities assumed. The amounts allocated to lease intangibles (leases in place, leasing commissions, tenant relationships, and
above and below market leases) are based on management s estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management,
including independent third-party analysis and market data. The process for determining the allocation to these components requires management
to make estimates and assumptions, including rental rates, land value, discount rates, and exit capitalization rates. 

F- 3 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures
relating to real estate property acquisitions is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in determining
the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity
and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s assumptions for rental rates, land value,
discount rates, and exit capitalization rates, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and
knowledge. 

 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence
in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness
of controls relating to purchase price accounting, including controls over the allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed. These procedures also included, among others, testing of management s process for determining the fair
values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including (i) reading the purchase agreements, (ii) evaluating
the appropriateness of the models used by management, (iii) for selected acquisitions, testing the completeness and accuracy of the data
used in the models, and (iv) for selected acquisitions, evaluating the reasonableness of assumptions used by management for rental rates,
land value, discount rates, and exit capitalization rates. Evaluating these assumptions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used
by management were reasonable considering (i) consistency with external market and industry data and (ii) whether the assumptions were
consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. For selected acquisitions, professionals with specialized skill and knowledge
were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of management s models and (ii) the reasonableness of management s
assumptions used in the models for the rental rates, land value, discount rates, and exit capitalization rates. 

/s/ 

February 23, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

F- 4 

PLYMOUTH INDUSTRIAL REIT, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Real estate properties 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Real estate properties, net 

Cash 

Cash held in escrow 

Restricted cash 

Deferred lease intangibles, net 

Investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

Interest rate swaps 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Preferred Stock and Equity 

Liabilities: 

Secured debt, net 

Unsecured debt, net 

Borrowings under line of credit 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Deferred lease intangibles, net 

Financing lease liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, 

Series A: and shares issued and outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (aggregate liquidation preference of and at December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Series B: and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively (aggregate liquidation preference of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Equity: 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders' equity 

Non-controlling interest 

Total equity 

Total liabilities, preferred stock and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5 

PLYMOUTH INDUSTRIAL REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Rental revenue 

Management fee revenue and other income 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Property 

Depreciation and amortization 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Impairment on real estate lease 

Earnings (loss) in investment of unconsolidated joint venture 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on sale of real estate 

(Appreciation)
 depreciation of warrants 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to
 non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. 

Less: Preferred Stock dividends 

Less: Series B Preferred Stock accretion to redemption value 

Less: Loss on extinguishment of Series A Preferred Stock 

Less: Amount allocated to participating securities 

Net loss attributable to common
 stockholders 

Net loss basic and diluted per share attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 6 

PLYMOUTH INDUSTRIAL REIT, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income: 

Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps 

Other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 7 

PLYMOUTH INDUSTRIAL REIT, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN PREFERRED STOCK AND
EQUITY 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Preferred Stock 
Series A 
 0.01 Par Value 
 
 Preferred Stock 
Series B 
 0.01 Par Value 

Common Stock, 
 0.01 Par Value 
 
 Additional 
Paid in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
 
 Stockholders 
 
 Non- 
controlling 
 
 Total 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Income 
 
 Equity 
 
 Interest 
 
 Equity 

Balance January 1, 2020 

() 

Repurchase and extinguishment of Series A Preferred Stock 
 () 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock accretion to redemption value 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net proceeds from common stock 

Stock based compensation 

Restricted shares issued (forfeited) 

Dividends and distributions 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Redemption of partnership units 

() 

Reallocation of non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

Repurchase and extinguishment of Series A Preferred Stock 
 () 
 
 () 

Series B Preferred Stock accretion to redemption value 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net proceeds from common stock 

Stock based compensation 

Restricted shares issued (forfeited) 

Dividends and distributions 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Redemption of partnership units 

() 

Reallocation of non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

Repurchase and extinguishment of Series A Preferred Stock 
 () 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock accretion to redemption value 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Conversion of Series B Preferred Stock 

() 
 
 () 

Net proceeds from common stock 

Stock based compensation 

Restricted shares issued (forfeited) 

Conversion of common stock warrants 

Dividends and distributions 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Other comprehensive income 

Reallocation of non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 8 

PLYMOUTH INDUSTRIAL REIT, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss
 to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and
 amortization 

Straight line rent
 adjustment 

Intangible amortization
 in rental revenue, net 

Loss on extinguishment
 of debt 

Amortization of
 debt related costs 

Appreciation (depreciation) of warrants 

Impairment on real
 estate lease 

Stock based compensation 

(Earnings) loss
 in investment of unconsolidated joint venture 

Gain on sale of
 real estate 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other assets 

Deferred leasing
 costs 

Accounts
 payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash
 provided by operating activities 

Investing activities 

Acquisition of
 real estate properties 

Real estate improvements 

Proceeds from sale
 of real estate, net 

Contribution
 to and investments in unconsolidated joint venture 

Net cash
 used in investing activities 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance
 of common stock, net 

Proceeds from issuance
 of secured debt 

Proceeds from issuance
 of unsecured debt 

Repayment of secured
 debt 

Proceeds from line
 of credit facility 

Repayment of line
 of credit facility 

Repurchase of Series
 A Preferred Stock 

Redemption of Series
 B Preferred Stock 

Debt issuance costs 

Dividends
 and distributions paid 

Net cash
 provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash
 held in escrow, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash held
 in escrow, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash held
 in escrow, and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Assumption
 of cash, cash held in escrow, and restricted cash upon consolidation of investment in joint venture 

Supplemental Non-cash Financing
 and Investing Activities: 

Dividends
 declared included in dividends payable 

Distribution
 payable to non-controlling interest holder 

Series
 B accretion to redemption value 

Real
 estate improvements included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Deferred
 leasing costs included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

New
 financing lease 

Assumption
 of secured debt 

Conversion
 of common stock warrants 

Conversion
 of Series B Preferred Stock 

Consolidation
 of net book value of investment in joint venture 

Assumption
 of other assets upon consolidation of investment in joint venture 

Assumption
 of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities upon consolidation of investment in joint venture 

Assumption
 of secured debt upon consolidation of investment in joint venture 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 9 

Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements all dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data 

 and , respectively,
equity interest in the Operating Partnership. 

 The Company is a real estate investment
trust focused on the acquisition, ownership and management of single and multi-tenant industrial properties, including distribution centers,
warehouses, light industrial and small bay industrial properties, located in primary and secondary markets within the main industrial,
distribution and logistics corridors of the United States. As of December 31, 2022, the Company, through its subsidiaries, owned industrial
properties comprising buildings with an aggregate of approximately million square feet, and our property management office building
located in Columbus, Ohio, totaling approximately square feet. 

Cash held in escrow 

Restricted cash 

Cash, cash held in escrow, and restricted cash 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and related accumulated amortization amounted to and at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has classified net unamortized debt issuance costs
of and , respectively, related to borrowings under the line of credit to other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company files income tax
returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and local jurisdictions. The statute of limitations for the Company s
income tax returns is generally three years and as such, the Company s returns that remain subject to examination would be primarily
from 2019 and thereafter. Accrued interest and penalties will be recorded as income tax expense if the Company records a liability in
the future. 

 To the extent the Company does not
utilize the full amount of the annual federal NOLs, the unused amount may normally be carried forward for 20 years to offset taxable income
in future years. The Company had federal NOL carryforwards originating from 2012 through 2021 of approximately . The Company will
incur no federal taxable income during 2022 after utilizing the dividends paid deduction, resulting in net operating loss carryforwards
to 2023 of approximately . NOLs generated from 2018 and onwards are not limited to 20 years and can be carried forward indefinitely
with the exception that they can only offset up to 80 of federal taxable income in future years. 

to years for buildings and to years for
site improvements. If the Company determines that impairment has occurred, the affected assets are reduced to their fair value. Building
improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and repair expenses are charged to expense as incurred. Significant renovations and improvements
that improve or extend the useful life of the assets are capitalized. Depreciation expense was , and for
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 Deferred lease intangible assets
consist of leases in place, leasing commissions, tenant relationships, and above market leases. Deferred lease intangible liabilities
represent below market leases. These intangibles have been recorded at their fair market value in connection with the acquisition of
properties. Intangible assets and liabilities are generally amortized over the remaining life of the related lease following the evaluation
of potential renewal options. Amortization of above and below market leases was recorded as an adjustment to rental revenue and amounted
to , 
 and for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. Amortization of all other deferred lease intangibles has been included in depreciation
and amortization expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and amounted to ,
 and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Buildings and improvements 

Site improvements 

Construction in progress 

Real estate properties, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Real estate properties, net 

Acquisition of Properties 

Jacksonville, FL 

Cincinnati, OH; Columbus, OH; Indianapolis, IN 

Memphis, TN 

(2) 
 
 Memphis, TN 

Atlanta, GA 

St. Louis, MO 

Chicago, IL 

Cincinnati, OH; Cleveland, OH 

Charlotte, NC 

Cleveland, OH 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

The Company made the following acquisitions
of properties during the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Location 
 
 Date 
Acquired 
 
 Square 
Feet 

Properties 

Purchase Price 
 (in thousands) (1) 

Kansas City, MO 

St. Louis, MO 

Chicago, IL 

Cleveland, OH 

Columbus, OH 

Memphis, TN 

St. Louis, MO 

Memphis, TN 

Memphis, TN 

Chicago, IL 

(3) 
 
 St. Louis, MO 

St. Louis, MO 

St. Louis, MO 

St. Louis, MO 

(4) 
 
 Indianapolis, IN 

Indianapolis, IN 

Columbus, OH 

Columbus, OH (5) 

Chicago, IL 

Cincinnati, OH 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

(1) 

(2) 
 included the assumption of of existing debt secured by the properties and the consolidation of the net book value of investment in joint venture of . In addition, we consolidated financial assets of approximately , comprised of cash, cash held in escrow and other assets, and liabilities of approximately comprised of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 
 (3) 
 included the assumption of of existing debt secured by the property. 
 
 (4) 
 included the assumption of of existing debt secured by the property. 
 
 (5) 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 Acquisition costs 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 Total 

Allocation of Purchase Price 

Land 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 Building 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 Site improvements 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 Total real estate properties 

Deferred Lease Intangibles 

Tenant relationships 

Leasing commissions 

Above market lease 

Below market lease 

() 

() 

Lease in place 

Net deferred lease intangibles 

Assumed debt market value 

(Above)/below assumed market debt value 

() 

Totals 

______________ 

(1) 

All acquisitions completed during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were considered asset acquisitions under ASC 805. 

 Sale of Real Estate 

 There
were no sales of real estate during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold a single,
 square foot property located in Chicago, IL for approximately and a single, square foot property located in Chicago,
IL for approximately , recognizing a net gain of . The Company also completed the sale of a small piece of land located
in Memphis, TN for . No gain or loss was recognized on the sale of the land. 

Lease in place 

Tenant relationships 

Leasing commissions 

Deferred lease intangible assets, gross 

Less accumulated amortization 

Deferred lease intangible assets, net 

Less accumulated amortization 

Deferred lease intangible liabilities, net 

() 
 
 2024 

() 
 
 2025 

() 
 
 2026 

() 
 
 2027 

() 
 
 Thereafter 

() 

equity joint venture agreement (the MIR JV with an unrelated
third-party partner (the MIR JV Partner ). The purpose of the MIR JV agreement was to acquire value-add/opportunistic
industrial properties that met certain criteria as outlined within the MIR JV agreement. The Operating Partnership owned a
 interest in the MIR JV. 

 On March 11, 2022, the Company acquired
the remaining interest in the MIR JV from the MIR JV Partner for , as well as the assumption of the secured mortgage.
Upon the completion of the acquisition of the MIR JV Partner s interest, the Company fully consolidated the former MIR JV assets
and liabilities into its consolidated financial statements. Assets consolidated included the 28-building portfolio of industrial buildings
and financial assets of approximately , comprised of cash, cash held in escrow, other assets and the net book value of our 20 investment
in the former MIR JV of . Liabilities consolidated included the 7-year secured mortgage of and approximately accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum fixed rental receipts 

These amounts do not reflect future
rental revenue from the renewal or replacement of existing leases and excludes tenant recoveries and rental increases that are not fixed
or indexed to CPI. 

 The Company includes accounts receivable
and straight-line rent receivables within other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020, rental revenue was derived from various tenants. As such, future receipts are dependent upon the financial strength of the lessees
and their ability to perform under the lease agreements. 

Straight-line rent adjustments 

Tenant recoveries 

Amortization of above market leases 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Amortization of below market leases 

Total 

Tenant recoveries included within
rental revenue for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are variable in nature. 

 As a Lessee 

 Operating Leases 

 As of December 31, 2022, we have
 . The office lease agreements do not contain residual value guarantees
or an option to renew. The ground sublease agreement does not contain residual value guarantees and includes multiple options to extend
the sublease between nineteen and twenty years for each respective option. The operating leases have remaining lease terms ranging from
 years to years, which includes the exercise of a single twenty-year renewal option pertaining to the ground sublease. As of December
31, 2022, total operating right of use assets and lease liabilities were approximately and , respectively. The operating
lease liability as of December 31, 2022 represents a weighted-average incremental borrowing rate of over the weighted-average remaining
lease term of years. The incremental borrowing rate is our estimated borrowing rate on a fully-collateralized basis for the term of
the respective leases. 

 As of December 31, 2021, we had
 . The office lease agreements do not contain residual value guarantees
or an option to renew. The ground sublease agreement does not contain residual value guarantees and includes multiple options to extend
the sublease between nineteen and twenty years for each respective option. The operating leases had remaining lease terms ranging from
 years to years, which includes the exercise of a single twenty-year renewal option pertaining to the ground sublease. As of December
31, 2021, total operating right of use assets and lease liabilities were approximately and , respectively. The operating
lease liability as of December 31, 2021 represents a weighted-average incremental borrowing rate of over the weighted-average remaining
lease term of years. The incremental borrowing rate is our estimated borrowing rate on a fully-collateralized basis for the term of
the respective leases. 

Operating lease expense included in property expense attributable to ground sublease 

Non-cash adjustment due to straight-line rent adjustments 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities (operating cash flows) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum operating lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 
 
 Total operating lease liability 

Financing Leases 

 As of December 31, 2022, we have
a single finance lease in which we are the sublessee for a ground lease. The Company includes the financing lease right of use asset within
real estate properties and the corresponding liability within financing lease liability in the consolidated balance sheets. The ground
sublease agreement does not contain a residual value guarantee and includes multiple options to extend the sublease between nineteen and
twenty years for each respective option. The lease has a remaining lease term of approximately years, which . The financing lease liability as of December 31, 2022 represents a weighted-average incremental borrowing
rate of over the weighted-average remaining lease term of years. The incremental borrowing rate is our estimated borrowing rate
on a fully-collateralized basis for the term of the respective lease. 

Interest expense for financing lease liability 

Total financing lease cost 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum financing lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 
 
 Total financing lease liability 

Transamerica Loan 

Allianz Loan 

Minnesota Life Loan 

Minnesota Life Memphis Industrial Loan 

JPMorgan Chase Loan 

Ohio National Life Mortgage 

Nationwide Loan 

Lincoln Life Gateway Mortgage 

Midland National Life Insurance Mortgage 

Total secured debt 

Unamortized debt issuance costs, net 

() 

() 

Unamortized premium/(discount), net 

Total secured debt, net 

Unsecured debt: 

100m KeyBank Term Loan 

(1)(2) 

200m KeyBank Term Loan 

(1)(2) 

150m KeyBank Term Loan 

(1)(2) 

Total unsecured debt 

Unamortized debt issuance costs, net 

() 

() 

Total unsecured debt, net 

Borrowings under line of credit: 

KeyBank unsecured line of credit 

(1) 

Total borrowings under line of credit 

_______________ 

(1) 
 . The spread over the applicable rate for the 100m, 150m, and 200m KeyBank Term Loans and KeyBank unsecured line of credit is based on the Company s total leverage ratio plus the 0.1 SOFR index adjustment. 
 
 (2) 

2022 Debt Activity 

 On February 1, 2022, the Company
repaid in full, the outstanding principal and interest balance of approximately on the JPMorgan Chase Loan. The Company recognized
a loss on extinguishment of debt resulting from prepayment penalty and fees incurred as a result of the repayment. 

 On March 11, 2022, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Operating Partnership assumed a mortgage (the Minnesota Life Memphis Industrial Loan with a balance
of in conjunction with our acquisition of all outstanding interests in the entity owning the portfolio in Memphis, Tennessee.
The Minnesota Life Memphis Industrial Loan, held by Minnesota Life Insurance Company, matures on , bears interest at 
and is secured by the properties. The Minnesota Life Memphis Industrial Loan requires monthly installments of interest only through
January 1, 2023, and afterwards, monthly installments of principal plus accrued interest through January 1, 2028, at which time a balloon
payment is required. The Company has the right to prepay the borrowings outstanding, subject to a prepayment penalty in effect until
the loan approaches maturity. 

On May 2, 2022, the Company
entered into an amendment to the KeyBank unsecured facility. The credit facility agreement, as amended, expanded the availability on
the KeyBank unsecured line of credit up to million and entered into a new million The 150m KeyBank Term Loan matures in May 2027. The maturity date for the KeyBank unsecured
line of credit remains unchanged. The amendment also provided for the transition of the reference rate for the KeyBank unsecured line
of credit and the 100m, 200m, and 150m KeyBank Term Loans from 1-month LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ).
Borrowings under the credit agreement, 

 2021 Debt Activity 

 On August 11, 2021, the Company
entered into a combined million unsecured credit facility, which is comprised of an amended million revolving credit facility
(the KeyBank unsecured line of credit ), an amended million term loan (the 100m KeyBank unsecured term loan ),
and a new million term loan (the 200m KeyBank unsecured term loan ). Amounts outstanding under the KeyBank unsecured , in either case depending on
the Company s leverage. 

 On August 12, 2021, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Operating Partnership assumed a mortgage (the Midland Mortgage with a balance of as part of our
acquisition of the property in Chicago, Illinois. The Midland Mortgage, held by Midland National Life Insurance Company, matures on , bears interest at and is secured by the property. The Midland Mortgage requires monthly installments of interest only through
March 10, 2023 and afterwards, monthly installments of principal plus accrued interest through March 10, 2028, at which time a balloon
payment is required. The Company has the right to prepay the borrowings outstanding, subject to a prepayment penalty in effect until the
loan approaches maturity. 

 On October 7, 2021, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Operating Partnership assumed a mortgage (the Lincoln Life Gateway Mortgage with a balance of 
as part of our acquisition of the property in St. Louis, Missouri. The Lincoln Life Gateway Mortgage, held by Lincoln National Life Insurance
Company, matures on , bears interest at and is secured by the property. The Lincoln Life Gateway Mortgage requires
monthly installments of interest only through January 1, 2028, at which time a balloon payment is required. The Company has the right
to prepay the borrowings outstanding, subject to a prepayment penalty in effect until the loan approaches maturity. 

 On October 12, 2021, the Company
repaid in full, the outstanding principal and interest balance of approximately on the Lincoln Life Mortgage. 

 Financial Covenant Considerations 

 The Company is in compliance with
all respective financial covenants for our secured and unsecured debt and unsecured line of credit as of December 31, 2022. 

 Fair Value of Debt 

 The fair value of our debt and borrowings
under line of credit was estimated using Level 3 inputs by calculating the present value of principal and interest payments, using discount
rates that best reflect current market interest rates for financings with similar characteristics and credit quality, and assuming each
loan is outstanding through its maturity. 

Unsecured debt 

Borrowings under line of credit, net 

Total 

Unamortized debt issuance cost, net 

() 

() 

Unamortized premium/(discount), net 

Total carrying value 

Future Principal Payments of Debt 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total aggregate principal payments 

(3) 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

(3) 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

Capital One, N.A. 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

For derivatives designated and
that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income AOCI and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction
affects earnings. Amounts reported in AOCI related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made
on the Company s variable-rate debt. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that an additional will be
reclassified as a decrease to interest expense. 

Total interest expense presented in the consolidated statements of operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded 

Fair Value of Interest Rate Swaps 

 The Company s valuation of
the interest rate swaps is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected
cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and
uses observable market-based inputs including interest rate curves. 

 The Company incorporates credit
valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance
risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the
Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts,
and guarantees. 

 Although the Company has determined
that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments
associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default
by itself and its counterparties. However, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit
valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are
not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations in
their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

There were no interest rate swaps
outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 

Non-designated Hedges 

 The Company does not use derivatives
for trading or speculative purposes and currently does not have any derivatives that are not designated as hedges. Changes in the fair
value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships would be recorded directly in earnings. 

 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 

 The Company has agreements with
each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Company either defaults or is capable of being declared in
default on any of its indebtedness, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. Specifically, the
Company could be declared in default on its derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated
by the lender due to the Company's default on the indebtedness. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company
does not have any derivatives in a net liability position. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not posted any collateral related
to these agreements. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at December 31, 2022, it could have been required to settle its
obligations under the agreements at their termination value. 

 through an at-the-market equity offering program (the 2021
 125 Million ATM Program ). 

 On August 10, 2021, the Company
entered into an amendment to the 2021 125 Million ATM Program (the 2021 Amended ATM Program to reference the Company s
shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 11, 2021. The Company, under
the 2021 Amended ATM Program, may issue and sell, from time to time, shares of its common stock, with aggregate gross sales proceeds of
up to through an at the-market equity offering program. 

 On November 9, 2021, the Company
entered into a distribution agreement with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated, Barclays Capital Inc.,
Berenberg Capital Markets LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., Capital One Securities Inc., JMP Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC,
National Securities Corporation, Wedbush Securities Inc and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell,
from time to time, shares of its common stock, with aggregate gross sales proceeds of up to through an at-the-market 
equity offering program (the 2021 200 Million ATM Program ). 

 For the year ending December 31,
2022, the Company has issued shares of its common stock under the 2021 200 Million ATM Program for aggregate net proceeds of
approximately . The Company has approximately available for issuance under the 2021 200 Million ATM Program. 

 Common Stock Warrants 

 On March 23, 2022, the common
stock warrants were exercised in full and converted on a cashless basis, resulting in shares of common stock transferred to the
holder of the warrants at a fair value of . Prior to the full exercise of the common stock warrants, the Company had warrants outstanding
to acquire shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants were accounted for
as a liability within accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as they
contained provisions that are considered outside of the Company s control, such as the holders option to receive cash in
lieu and other securities in the event of a reorganization of the Company s common stock underlying such warrants. The fair value
of these warrants was re-measured at each financial reporting period with any changes in fair value recognized as an appreciation/depreciation
of warrants in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The warrants were not included in the computation of diluted net
loss per share as they were anti-dilutive during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Appreciation/(depreciation) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Appreciation/(depreciation) 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Appreciation/(depreciation) 

() 
 
 Balance at March 23, 2022 (exercise date) 

Conversion of common stock warrants 

() 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

The warrants in the amount of 
at December 31, 2021 represent their fair value determined using a Binomial Valuation Model applying Level 3 inputs as described in Note
2. The significant inputs into the model were: exercise price of , volatility of , an expected annual dividend of , a
term of years and an annual risk-free interest rate of . The warrants in the amount of at December 31, 2020 represent their
fair value determined using a Binomial Valuation Model applying Level 3 inputs as described in Note 2. The significant inputs into the
model were: exercise price of , volatility of , an expected annual dividend of , a term of years and an annual risk-free
interest rate of . 

 Common Stock Dividends 

Second quarter 

Third quarter 

Fourth quarter 

Total 

2021 

First quarter 

Second quarter 

Third quarter 

Fourth quarter 

Total 

Characterization of Common Stock Dividends 

(1) 

(1) 

shares of 7.50 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series A Preferred
Stock ), including shares exercised under the underwriter s over-allotment, at a per share price of for
net cash proceeds of . The offering of the Series A Preferred Stock was registered with the SEC, pursuant to a registration statement
on Form S-11 declared effective on October 18, 2017. 

 The Company repurchased and retired
 and shares of Series A Preferred Stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The relevant features
of the Series A Preferred Stock are as follows: 

 Liquidation Rights 

 In the event of any voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, the holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders on parity with Series B Preferred
as set forth below, before any payment shall be made to the holders of Common Stock, an amount per share equal to per share, plus
any accrued and unpaid dividends. 

 Redemption Rights 

 Holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock have the right to require the Company to redeem for cash, their shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the event of a change in control
of the Company or a delisting of the Company s shares. The Company also has the right to redeem the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock in the event of a change in control of the Company or a delisting of the Company s shares. Since this contingent redemption
right is outside of the control of the Company, the Company has presented its Series A Preferred Stock as temporary equity. The redemption
price is per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. 

Conversion 

 The shares of Series A Preferred
Stock are not convertible. 

 Voting Rights 

 Holders of shares of the Series
A Preferred Stock generally do not have any voting rights, except in the event dividends are in arrears for six or more quarterly periods
(whether or not consecutive), the number of directors of the Company s board of directors will automatically be increased by two
and holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock
or any other then-outstanding class or series of capital stock ranking on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock upon which like
voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, or collectively, any Voting Preferred Stock and the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to serve on our board of directors, until all unpaid dividends
for past dividend periods shall have been paid in full. 

 Protective Rights 

 As long as the shares of Series
A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Company cannot, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds
of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock voting together as a single class with any voting preferred stock, among other things,
authorize, create or issue, or increase the number of authorized or issued shares of, any class or series of capital stock ranking senior
to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or
winding up, or reclassify any of our authorized capital stock into such capital stock, or create, authorize or issue any obligation or
security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase such capital stock. 

 Dividend Rights 

Second quarter 

Third quarter 

Fourth quarter 

Total 

2021 

First quarter 

Second quarter 

Third quarter 

Fourth quarter 

Total 

Characterization of Series A Preferred Stock Dividends 

Series B Preferred Stock 

 On December 14, 2018, the Company,
in a private placement exempt from registration under the federal securities laws (the Private Placement ), completed the
offering of shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate consideration of (the Purchase Price or , net of
issuance costs. 

 On April 29, 2022, 2,205,882
shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock were converted to our common stock on a one-to-one basis. 

 On August 12, 2022, the holder
of the Company's Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock informed the Company that it had elected to convert the remaining 
shares of Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock into the Company's common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the Series B Convertible
Redeemable Preferred Stock agreement, the Company elected a combination settlement comprised of shares of common stock and 
in cash, which was settled on August 17, 2022. 

 The Company had no outstanding
Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022. 

 The relevant features of the Series
B Preferred Stock were as follows: 

Liquidation Preference 

 The Series B Preferred Stock ranks
senior to the shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock ), and ranks on a
parity with the shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, in each case, with respect to dividend rights and rights
on the distribution of assets on any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, accretion recorded in relation to the 12 annual internal rate of return
and offering costs was , and , respectively. 

 Redemption Rights 

 The Company and the holders of
the Series B Preferred Stock each have the right to redeem the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock upon certain change of control events,
including a delisting of the Company s common stock. 

 Since the holders of the Series
B Preferred Stock have a contingent redemption right that is outside the control of the Company, the Company has presented its Series
B Preferred Stock as temporary equity. 

 Conversion Rights 

Any conversion of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock may be settled by the Company, at its option, in shares of Common Stock, cash or any combination thereof. However, unless
and until the Company s stockholders have approved the issuance of greater than 19.99 of the outstanding Common Stock as of the
date of the closing of the Private Placement (December 14, 2018) as required by the NYSE rules and regulations stockholder approval ),
the Series B Preferred Stock may not be converted into more than 19.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock as of the date
of the closing of the Private Placement. In addition, the Company cannot opt to convert the Series B Preferred Stock into more than 9.9 
of the outstanding Common Stock without approval of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock. 

The initial conversion rate is
one share of Series B Preferred Stock for one share of Common Stock, subject to proportionate adjustments for certain transactions affecting
the Company s securities such as stock dividends, stock splits, combinations and other corporate reorganization events, provided
that the value of the Common Stock, determined in accordance with terms of the Articles Supplementary is equal to or greater that the
liquidation preference of the Series B Preferred Stock. To the extent the Company opts to settle the conversion of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock in cash, (1) until such time as the maximum number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock have been converted such that,
if all such shares had been converted into Common Stock, stockholder approval would be necessary to convert additional shares into Common
Stock, the Company will pay cash equal to the greater of the liquidation preference or the 20-day volume weighted average price per share
(20 Day VWAP), and (2) following such time, the Company will pay cash equal to the liquidation preference per share of Series B Preferred
Stock. On December 31, 2024, all issued and outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock are required to convert at the Settlement Amount
as of that date, provided, however, that prior to the receipt of stockholder approval, conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock into
Common Stock shall be subject to the 19.99 threshold; provided, further, however, that prior to the receipt of the 10.0 Consent, conversion
of the Series B Preferred Stock into Common Stock shall be subject to the 10.0 threshold. The Settlement Amount is defined as follows: 

If a Physical Settlement is elected by the Company, the Company shall deliver to the converting holder in respect of each share of Series B Preferred Stock being converted a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the greater of (i) one (1) share of Common Stock or (ii) the quotient of the Liquidation Preference divided by the 20-Day VWAP; 

If a Cash Settlement is elected by the Company, the Company shall pay to the converting holder in respect of each share of Series B Preferred Stock being converted into cash in an amount equal to the greater of (i) the Liquidation Preference or (ii) the 20-Day VWAP. This Cash Settlement is without regard to the 10.0 Threshold or the 19.99 Threshold; provided, however, following such time as the maximum number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock have been converted pursuant to this Conversion Section (whether into cash or shares of Common Stock) such that, if all such shares of Series B Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock (disregarding the 10.0 Threshold), the 19.99 Threshold would have been reached (but not exceeded), the Cash Settlement Amount shall be equal to the Liquidation Preference; and 

If a Combination Settlement is elected by the Company, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, in respect of each share of Series B Preferred Stock being converted, a Settlement Amount equal to, at the election of the Company, either (i) cash equal to the Cash Settlement Amount or (ii) a number of shares of Common Stock; provided, however, that any Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement shall be subject to (i) the 10.0 Threshold until such time as the 10.0 Consent is received and (ii) the 19.99 Threshold until such time as the stockholder approval is received. 
 
 Voting Rights 

 Holders of the Series B Preferred
Stock generally do not have any voting rights, except in the event dividends are in arrears for six or more quarterly periods (whether
or not consecutive), the number of directors of the Company s board of directors will automatically be increased by two and holders
of Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with the holders of the Series A Preferred or any other then-outstanding
class or series of capital stock ranking on parity with the Series B Preferred Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred
and are exercisable, or collectively, any Voting Preferred Stock and the holders of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote
for the election of two additional directors to serve on our board of directors, until all unpaid dividends for past dividend periods
shall have been paid in full. 

 After December 31, 2024, holders
of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote as a single class with the holders of Common Stock on an as-converted basis (up to
a maximum of 19.99 of the Common Stock outstanding on the date of the closing of the Private Placement, unless stockholder approval has
been received). 

 Protective Rights 

 The Company is required to obtain
an affirmative vote of a majority of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock to (i) authorize, create, issue or increase, or reclassify
any class of capital stock into any class or series of Senior Equity Securities or Parity Equity Securities (as such terms are defined
in the Articles Supplementary), (ii) authorize any class of partnership interests in the Operating Partnership that are senior to the
partnership interests currently in existence, (iii) amend, alter, repeal or otherwise change the rights, preferences, preferences, privileges
or powers of the Series B Preferred Stock, (iv) approve any dividend other than cash dividends paid in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, or required to be paid by the Company to maintain REIT status, (v) affect any voluntary deregistration
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or voluntary delisting with the NYSE with respect to the Common Stock, (vi) incur
any indebtedness in excess of the limits set forth in the Articles Supplementary, (vii) adopt a poison pill or similar anti-takeover
agreement or plan, and (viii) following December 31, 2024, enter into a Change in Control Transaction (as defined in the Articles Supplementary)
or make certain acquisitions. 

Dividend Rights 

Second quarter 

Third quarter 

Fourth quarter 

Total 

2021 

First quarter 

Second quarter 

Third quarter 

Fourth quarter 

Total 

OP Units were redeemed for shares of our common
stock. During the year ended December 31, 2020, OP Units were redeemed for shares of our common stock. 

 The Company adjusted the carrying
value of non-controlling interest to reflect its share of the book value of the Operating Partnership reflecting the change in the Company s
ownership of the Operating Partnership. Such adjustments are recorded to additional paid-in capital as a reallocation of non-controlling
interest on the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in preferred stock and equity. OP Units outstanding as of December 31,
2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. 

Second quarter 

Third quarter 

Fourth quarter 

Total 

2021 

First quarter 

Second quarter 

Third quarter 

Fourth quarter 

Total 

The proportionate share of the
loss attributed to the OP Units was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 shares/LTIP units. In July 2020 the Plan was amended and increased the number of shares/units available per the Plan to 
shares/LTIP units. Shares and units granted under the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares/LTIP units, or, if authorized by the
board of directors, shares purchased in the open market. If an award under the Plan is forfeited, expires or is settled for cash, any
shares/LTIP units subject to such award may, to the extent of such forfeiture, expiration or cash settlement, be used again for new grants
under the Plan. However, the following shares/LTIP units may not be used again for grant under the Plan: (1) shares/LTIP units tendered
or withheld to satisfy grant or exercise price or tax withholding obligations associated with an award; (2) shares subject to a stock
appreciation right, or SAR, that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the SAR on its exercise; and (3) shares purchased
on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of options. 

 The Plan provides for the grant of
stock options, including incentive stock options, or ISOs, and nonqualified stock options, or NSOs, restricted stock, dividend equivalents,
stock payments, restricted stock units, or RSUs, performance shares, other incentive awards, LTIP units, SARs, and cash awards. As of
December 31, 2022, the Company has only issued restricted stock units under the Plan. In addition, the Company will grant its Independent
Board of Directors restricted stock as part of their remuneration. Shares granted as part of the Plan vest equally over a four-year period
while those granted to the Company s Independent Board of Directors vest equally over a three-year period. Annual grants given to
the Company s Independent Board of Directors vest the earlier of one year from the date of grant, or, the next annual shareholder
meeting. Holders of restricted shares of common stock have voting rights and rights to receive dividends, however, the restricted shares
of common stock may not be sold, transferred, assigned or pledged and are subject to forfeiture prior to the respective vesting period. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 
 
 Vested 

() 
 
 Unvested restricted stock at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 
 
 Vested 

() 
 
 Unvested restricted stock at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 
 
 Vested 

() 
 
 Unvested restricted stock at December 31, 2022 

The Company recorded equity-based
compensation in the amount of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is
included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Equity-based compensation
expense for shares issued to employees and directors is based on the grant-date fair value of the award and recognized on a straight-line
basis over the requisite period of the award. The unrecognized compensation expense associated with the Company s restricted shares
of common stock was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is expected to
be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years, years, and years, respectively. The fair value
of the restricted shares granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately with a weighted average fair
value of per share. The fair value of the restricted shares granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately
 with a weighted average fair value of per share. The fair value of the restricted shares granted during the year
ended December 31, 2020 was approximately with a weighted average fair value of per share. 

() 

() 
 
 Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss attributable to Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Less: Preferred Stock dividends 

Less: Series B Preferred Stock accretion to redemption value 

Less: Loss on extinguishment of Series A Preferred Stock 

Less: Amount allocated to participating securities 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Denominator 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

The Company uses the two-class
method of computing earnings per common share in which participating securities are included within the basic earnings per share EPS calculation. The amount allocated to participating securities is according to dividends declared (whether paid or unpaid). The restricted
stock does not have any participatory rights in undistributed earnings. The unvested shares of restricted stock are accounted for as participating
securities as they contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends. 

In periods where there is a net
loss, the weighted average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate both basic and diluted net loss per share attributable
to common stockholders is the same. The Company s potential dilutive securities as of December 31, 2022 include the shares
of restricted common stock. The restricted common shares have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share attributable
to common stockholders as the effect of including them would reduce the net loss per share. 

Legal Proceedings 

 The Company is not currently party
to any material legal proceedings. At each reporting date, the Company evaluates whether or not a potential loss amount or a potential
range of loss is probable and reasonably estimable under the provisions of the authoritative guidance that addresses accounting for contingencies.
The Company expenses, as incurred, the costs related to such legal proceedings. 

 Contingent Liability 

 In conjunction with the issuance
of the OP Units for acquisitions, the agreements contain a provision for the Company to provide tax protection to the holders if the acquired
properties are sold in a transaction that would result in the recognition of taxable income or gain prior to the sixth anniversary of
the acquisition. The Company intends to hold these investments and has no plans to sell or transfer any interest that would give rise
to a taxable transaction. 

and an amount of for 2021, which is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has no control or administrative responsibility related to the
individual accounts and is not obligated to fund them in future years. 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 11236 Harland Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 1665 Dogwood Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 1715 Dogwood Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 611 Highway 74 S. 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 40 Pinyon Road 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 665 Highway 74 South 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 6739 New Calhoun Highway NE 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 1099 Dodds Avenue 

- 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 1413 Lovers Lane 

- 

Boston, MA 
 
 54-56 Milliken Road 
 
 - (1) 

/ 
 
 Charlotte, NC 
 
 1570 East P St. Extension 

- 

Chicago, IL 
 
 11351 W. 183rd Street 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 1355 Holmes Road 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 1875 Holmes Road 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 189 Seegers Road 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 2401 Commerce Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 3940 Stern Avenue 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 11601 Central Avenue 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 13040 South Pulaski Avenue 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 13970 West Laurel Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 1455-1645 Greenleaf Avenue 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 1750 South Lincoln Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 1796 Sherwin Avenue 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 28160 North Keith Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 3841-3865 Swanson Court 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 5110 South 6th Street 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 6000 West 73rd Street 
 
 - (1) 

- 

Chicago, IL 
 
 6510 West 73rd Street 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 6558 West 73rd Street 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 6751 Sayre Avenue 
 
 - (1) 

- 

Chicago, IL 
 
 7200 Mason Ave 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 4491 N Mayflower Road 

Chicago, IL 
 
 4955 Ameritech Drive 

Chicago, IL 
 
 5855 West Carbonmill Road 

Chicago, IL 
 
 5861 W Cleveland Road 

Chicago, IL 
 
 West Brick Road 

Chicago, IL 
 
 1600 Fleetwood Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 3 West College Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 11746 Austin Ave 

Chicago, IL 
 
 144 Tower Drive 

Chicago, IL 
 
 16801 Exchange Ave 

Chicago, IL 
 
 350 Armory Drive 

Chicago, IL 
 
 4915 West 122nd Street 

Chicago, IL 
 
 7207 Mason Avenue 

Chicago, IL 
 
 7420 Meade Ave 

Chicago, IL 
 
 1717 West Harvester Road 

Chicago, IL 
 
 1301 Ridgeview Drive 

Chicago, IL 
 
 1900 S. Batavia 
 
 - (1) 

Chicago, IL 
 
 6035 West Gross Point Road 

Chicago, IL 
 
 800 Church Street 

- 

Chicago, IL 
 
 2600 Commerce Drive 

- 

Cincinnati, OH 
 
 4115 Thunderbird Lane 
 
 - (1) 

Initial Costs to the 
Company 

Gross Amounts at 
Close of Period 

Metro Area 
 
 Address 
 
 Encumbrances 
 
 Land 
 
 Building and Improvements 
 
 Costs Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 
 
 Land 
 
 Building and Improvements 
 
 Total (2) 
 
 Accumulated Depreciation (3) 
 
 Year 
Acquired 
 
 Year Built/ 
Renovated (4) 
 
 Depreciable Life (in years) (5) 
 
 Cincinnati, OH 
 
 7585 Empire Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Cincinnati, OH 
 
 Mosteller Distribution Center 
 
 - (1) 

Cincinnati, OH 
 
 Fisher Industrial Park 

Cincinnati, OH 
 
 2700-2758 E. Kemper Road 
 
 - (1) 

Cincinnati, OH 
 
 2800-2888 E. Kemper Road 
 
 - (1) 

Cincinnati, OH 
 
 4514-4548 Cornell Road 
 
 - (1) 

Cincinnati, OH 
 
 6900-6918 Fairfield Business Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Cincinnati, OH 
 
 3741 Port Union Road 

- 

Cincinnati, OH 
 
 4225-4331 Dues Drive 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 1755 Enterprise Parkway 
 
 - (1) 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 30339 Diamond Parkway 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 14801 Country Rd 212 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 1200 Chester Industrial Parkway North 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 1200 Chester Industrial Parkway South 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 1350 Moore Road 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 1366 Commerce Drive 

) 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 2100 International Parkway 

- 

- 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 2210 International Parkway 

- 

- 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 Gilchrist Road I 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 Gilchrist Road II 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 Gilchrist Road III 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 4211 Shuffel Street NW 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 31000 Viking Parkway 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 1120 West 130th St 

- 

Cleveland, OH 
 
 22209 Rockside Road 

- 

Columbus, OH 
 
 3100 Creekside Parkway 
 
 - (1) 

Columbus, OH 
 
 3500 Southwest Boulevard 
 
 - (1) 

Columbus, OH 
 
 7001 American Pkwy 
 
 - (1) 

Columbus, OH 
 
 8273 Green Meadows Dr. 
 
 - (1) 

Columbus, OH 
 
 8288 Green Meadows Dr. 
 
 - (1) 

Columbus, OH 
 
 2120 - 2138 New World Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Columbus, OH 
 
 459 Orange Point Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Columbus, OH 
 
 7719 Graphics Way 
 
 - (1) 

Columbus, OH 
 
 100 Paragon Parkway 

Columbus, OH 
 
 1650-1654 Williams Road 

- 

Columbus, OH 
 
 1520-1530 Experiment Farm Road 

Columbus, OH 
 
 2180 Corporate Drive 

Columbus, OH 
 
 2800 Howard Street 

- 

Columbus, OH 
 
 952 Dorset Road 

- 

Columbus, OH 
 
 2626 Port Road 

- 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 3035 North Shadeland Ave 
 
 - (1) 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 3169 North Shadeland Ave 
 
 - (1) 

) 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 2900 N. Shadeland Avenue 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 4430 Sam Jones Expressway 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 6555 East 30th Street 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 6575 East 30th Street 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 6585 East 30th Street 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 6635 East 30th Street 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 6701 East 30th Street 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 6737 East 30th Street 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 6751 East 30th Street 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 6951 East 30th Street 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 7901 W. 21st Street 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 3333 N. Franklin Road 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 3701 David Howarth Drive 

- 

Indianapolis, IN 
 
 7750 Georgetown Road 

Initial Costs to the 
Company 

Gross Amounts at 
Close of Period 

Metro Area 
 
 Address 
 
 Encumbrances 
 
 Land 
 
 Building and Improvements 
 
 Costs Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 
 
 Land 
 
 Building and Improvements 
 
 Total (2) 
 
 Accumulated Depreciation (3) 
 
 Year 
Acquired 
 
 Year Built/ 
Renovated (4) 
 
 Depreciable Life (in years) (5) 
 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 
 3525 South Arlington Avenue 

Jacksonville, FL 
 
 Center Point Business Park 
 
 - (1) 

Jacksonville, FL 
 
 Liberty Business Park 
 
 - (1) 

Jacksonville, FL 
 
 Salisbury Business Park 
 
 - (1) 

Jacksonville, FL 
 
 265, 338, 430 Industrial Boulevard 

Jacksonville, FL 
 
 8451 Western Way 

Jacksonville, FL 
 
 8000-8001 Belfort Parkway 

Kansas City, MO 
 
 5450 Deramus Avenue 

Memphis, TN 
 
 210 American Dr. 
 
 - (1) 

Memphis, TN 
 
 6005, 6045 6075 Shelby Dr. 
 
 - (1) 

Memphis, TN 
 
 3635 Knight Road 
 
 - (1) 

Memphis, TN 
 
 Airport Business Park 

Memphis, TN 
 
 4540-4600 Pleasant Hill Road 

) 

Memphis, TN 
 
 1700-1710 Dunn Avenue 

Memphis, TN 
 
 2950 Brother Boulevard 

Memphis, TN 
 
 6290 Shelby View Drive 

- 

Memphis, TN 
 
 10455 Marina Drive 
 
 - (1) 

- 

Memphis, TN 
 
 10682 Ridgewood Road 
 
 - (1) 

- 

Memphis, TN 
 
 1814 S Third Street 
 
 - (1) 

- 

Memphis, TN 
 
 3650 Distriplex Drive 
 
 - (1) 

- 

Memphis, TN 
 
 3670 South Perkins Road 
 
 - (1) 

- 

Memphis, TN 
 
 3980 Premier Avenue 
 
 - (1) 

- 

Memphis, TN 
 
 5846 Distribution Drive 
 
 - (1) 

- 

Memphis, TN 
 
 7560 Priority Lane 
 
 - (1) 

- 

Memphis, TN 
 
 8970 Deerfield Drive 
 
 - (1) 

Memphis, TN 
 
 Collins Industrial Memphis 
 
 - (1) 

- 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 Outland Center Memphis I 
 
 - (1) 

- 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 Outland Center Memphis II 
 
 - (1) 

- 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 Outland/Burbank Industrial 
 
 - (1) 

- 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 Place Industrial Memphis 
 
 - (1) 

- 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 Shelby Distribution II 
 
 - (1) 

- 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 Willow Lake Industrial 
 
 - (1) 

Memphis, TN 
 
 AE Beaty Drive/Appling Road 

- 

Philadelphia, PA 
 
 4 East Stow Road 
 
 - (1) 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 2635-2645 Metro Boulevard 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 5531 - 5555 Phantom Drive 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 Grissom Drive 

- 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 St. Louis Commerce Center 
 
 - (1) 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 11646 Lakeside Crossing 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 160-275 Corporate Woods Place 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 3919 Lakeview Corporate Drive 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 3051 Gateway 
 
 - (1) 

- 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 349 Gateway 
 
 - (1) 

- 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 4848 Park 370 Boulevard 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 9150 Latty Ave 

St. Louis, MO 
 
 1901-1939 Belt Way Drive 

Total Real Estate Owned 

__________________ 

Note 
 (1) 

Note 
 (2) 

Note 
 (3) 

Note 
 (4) 

Note 
 (5) 

As of December 31, 2022, the gross aggregate basis for Federal
tax purposes of investments in real estate properties was approximately . 

Additions during the year 

Disposals during the year 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at the end of the year 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Balance at the beginning of the year 

Depreciation expense 

Disposals during the year 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at the end of the year 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF PLYMOUTH INDUSTRIAL REIT, INC.

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF PLYMOUTH INDUSTRIAL REIT, INC. 

Name 
 State or Jurisdiction of Organization 

Plymouth Industrial OP, LP 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth OP Limited LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Industrial 20 Financial LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Industrial 20 LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 4 East Stow LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 32 Dart LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 56 Milliken LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 189 Seegers LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 210 American LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1355 Holmes LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1755 Enterprise LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1875 Holmes LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 2401 Commerce LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3100 Creekside LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3500 Southwest LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3940 Stern LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 4115 Thunderbird LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 7001 Americana LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 7585 Empire LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 8273 Green Meadows LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 8288 Green Meadows LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 11351 West 183 rd LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Mosteller LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Shelby LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 1445 Greenleaf LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 1750 South Lincoln LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 1796 Sherwin LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 3841 Swanson LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 5110 South 6 th LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 6000 West 73 rd LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 6510 West 73 rd LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 6558 West 73 rd LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 6751 South Sayre LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 7200 South Mason LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 11601 South Central LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 13040 South Pulaski LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 13970 West Laurel LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MWG 28160 North Keith LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3635 Knight Road LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Memphis ABP LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth New World LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth North Shadeland LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth South Bend LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth South McLean LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Dogwood LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 11236 Harland LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 144 Tower LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 4430 Sam Jones LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Phantom Drive LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth South Chicago LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Southpark LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Orange Point LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Peachtree City One LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 2635 Metro LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Shadeland Commerce Center LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 7901 West 21 st Street LLC 
 Delaware 

Plymouth 14801 County Road 212 LLC 
 Plymouth New Calhoun GA LLC 
 Plymouth Pinyon GA LLC 
 Plymouth Peachtree City Two LLC 
 Plymouth Grissom Drive MO LLC 
 Plymouth Paragon Parkway OH LLC 
 Plymouth Commerce Drive OH LLC 
 Plymouth Gilchrist Road OH LLC 
 Plymouth Deramus MO LLC 
 Plymouth Avon Industrial LLC 
 Plymouth North Franklin IN LLC 
 Plymouth Midway GA LLC 
 Plymouth West Harvester LLC 
 Plymouth STL Commerce Center MO LLC 
 Plymouth Western Way FL LLC 
 Plymouth Shuffel Street OH LLC 
 Plymouth International Parkway OH LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Gross Point Road IL LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Latty Avenue MO LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 31000 Viking Parkway OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 54 Milliken Street ME LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Williams Road OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 6290 Shelby View TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 2950 Brother TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Corporate Woods MO LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1700-1710 Dunn TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth S. Batavia IL LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Dublin Office LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3919 Lakeview IL LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 4848 Park 370 MO LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 11646 Lakeside Crossing MO LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3051 Gateway Center IL LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 952 Dorset Road OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 2180 Corporate Drive OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1520 Experiment Farm Road OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 7750 Georgetown IN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 2800 Howard Street OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1301 Ridgeview Drive IL LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 800 Church Street IL LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 8000-8001 Belfort FL LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Center Point Business Park LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Liberty Business Park LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Salisbury Business Park LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 30339 Diamond Parkway LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Dixie Highway LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1600 Fleetwood LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3 West College LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Daniels Way IN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1099 Dodds GA LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Beaty Appling TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 2626 Port Road OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 4225-4331 Dues Drive OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3525 Arlington Ave IN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1413 Lovers Lane GA LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1901-1939 Beltway MO LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 2600-2620 Commerce Drive IL LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1570 East P Street LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3741 Port Union Road OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1120 W 130 th Street OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1508 Redding Drive GA LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1000 Biltmore Drive MO LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 22209 Rockside Road OH LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth New Calhoun II GA LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth MIR Memphis Portfolio LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3650 DistriplexTN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 10455 Marina MS LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3980 Premier TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Burbank TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Outland Center Parcel Two TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Outland Center Parcel One TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Collins TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 10682 Ridgewood MS LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 1814 S Third TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 4101 Willow Lake TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3670 S Perkins TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 8970 Deerfield MS LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 7560 Priority MS LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Shelby 2 TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 5846 Distribution TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth One Place TN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth 3701 David Howarth Drive IN LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Dixie Highway Land LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Plymouth Revco LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM'S CONSENT

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-264491 and 333-257006) and Form S-8 (No. 333-251104 and 333-218735) of Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc.
of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 Boston, Massachusetts 
February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Jeffrey E. Witherell, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Plymouth Industrial REIT,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

 /s/ JEFFREY E. WITHERELL 

 Jeffrey E. Witherell 

 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
of Directors 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Anthony Saladino, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Plymouth Industrial REIT,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

/s/ ANTHONY SALADINO 

 Anthony Saladino 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. (the Registrant for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Jeffrey E. Witherell, Chairman
of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge and belief: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

/s/ JEFFREY E. WITHERELL 

 Jeffrey E. Witherell 

 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board of Directors 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. (the Registrant for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Anthony Saladino, the Chief
Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge and belief: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

 /s/ ANTHONY SALADINO 

 Anthony Saladino 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 plym-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 plym-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 plym-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 plym-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

