<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1586454_0001437749-23-005878.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14320392</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>388757</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1712836</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6079190</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2693795</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2936849</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-005878.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309090527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-005878
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Prime Meridian Holding Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001586454
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				272980805
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-191801
		FILM NUMBER:		23718368

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1897 CAPITAL CIRCLE, NE
		CITY:			TALLAHASSEE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32308
		BUSINESS PHONE:		850-907-2301

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1897 CAPITAL CIRCLE, NE
		CITY:			TALLAHASSEE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32308

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-005878.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 pmhg20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

pmhg20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______________ to _______________. 
 
 Commission file number: 
 
 PRIME MERIDIAN HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol (s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 None None None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 no 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Yes 
 
 Explanatory Note: Prime Meridian Holding Company has filed on a voluntary basis all Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 reports for the preceding 12 months. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). no 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer: Accelerated filer: 
 : Smaller reporting company: 
 Emerging growth company: 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). yes no 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, computed by reference to the 23.96 per share selling price of the common stock on June 30, 2022 was . As of February 28, 2023, there were issued and outstanding shares of the Registrant s common stock. 

2

Prime Meridian Holding Company 

2022 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 Table of Contents 

Item Number 

Page 

Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 15 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 22 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 22 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 22 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 22 

Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 22 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 23 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 24 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 37 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 38 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 71 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 71 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 72 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 72 

Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 72 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 76 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 81 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 82 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 83 

Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 84 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 86 

Signatures 

87 

Certifications 

3

Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General Description of Business 
 
 Prime Meridian Holding Company PMHG was incorporated as a Florida corporation on May 25, 2010, and is the one-bank holding company for and sole shareholder of Prime Meridian Bank (the Bank ). The Bank opened for business on February 4, 2008, and was acquired by PMHG on September 16, 2010. PMHG has no significant operations other than owning the stock of the Bank. In this report, the terms Company, we, us, or our mean PMHG and its subsidiary. Since opening in 2008, the Bank has conducted a general banking business and has grown to 107 full-time equivalent FTE employees as of December 31, 2022. We operate under the supervision and regulations of the FDIC, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ("Federal Reserve"), and the State of Florida Office of Financial Regulation ("OFR"). 
 
 History 
 
 Prime Meridian Bank, a Florida commercial bank, was chartered on February 4, 2008, with a commitment to providing a high level of client service while maintaining sound and prudent banking practices. In 2010, our holding company, PMHG, was formed and the Bank s shareholders exchanged their shares of common stock for shares of common stock of PMHG, with the Bank becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of PMHG. This occurred through a statutory share exchange on September 16, 2010. The Company commenced a public offering registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on December 11, 2013, has voluntarily continued to file periodic reports with the SEC since that date, and became listed and publicly traded on the OTCQX marketplace on August 24, 2015. 
 
 In an effort to provide a superior level of service, we have built a culture and brand that fosters client relationships rather than simply processing customers transactions. A culture that supports relationship banking has served us well, with many of our clients referring others to us. In our view, there is no greater compliment than to have our existing clients share their positive banking experiences with their family and friends. 
 
 Our team developed and adopted the following five core values to support our actions and guide our decisions: 

Passion A level of intense excellence and commitment that goes over and above the commercial considerations and legal requirements - Never give up. Never settle for mediocrity. Never let fear hamper us from taking calculated risks. Above all, Never let a cynic stand in our way. 

Grace - Providing a high level of service, courtesy and compassion even if seemingly undeserved. Having an awareness of how our actions, body language, and words affect others. Learning to master a mindful, calm response to any situation. 

Integrity Doing the right thing, simply because it is the right thing to do, based on a firm adherence to the Bank s three-way test: (1) Is it right by the client? (2) Is it right by the Bank? (3) Is it legally, morally, and ethically correct? 

Tenacity A culture of consistent push through of ideas and challenges, not settling or allowing push back or roadblocks that will stifle progress. Achieving the goal however difficult the goal. 

Accountability Holding one's self to standing forward, stepping up and accepting full and ultimate responsibility for the situation/action at hand. A true foundation for learning to lead without authority. 

These core values and the Bank s three-way test (Is it right by the client? Is it right by the Bank? Is it legally, morally, and ethically correct?) also serve as the foundation for our motto, Let s think of a few good reasons why it CAN be done! which is an overarching concept for our Company and team. We stress the question Why? because, while we clearly recognize that how is imperative, without understanding why something should be done, how it can be done does not necessarily matter. Our mission statement is also supported by our core values: Building bankers to serve our clients and community in order to optimize shareholder value. As a result of our efforts and culture, we have been able to increase our asset and deposit base exclusively through organic growth thus far. 
 
 Location and Service Areas 
 
 Prime Meridian Bank is headquartered in Tallahassee, Florida and offers a broad range of banking services to the Tallahassee Metropolitan Statistical Area MSA and the surrounding North and Central Florida and South Georgia areas. The Company is headquartered at 1471 Timberlane Road, Tallahassee, Florida 32312, its original office, which opened on February 4, 2008. The Bank also serves clients from full-service branch offices located at (i)1897 Capital Circle, NE, Tallahassee, Florida 32308, which opened in April, 2012; (ii) 2201 Crawfordville Highway, Crawfordville, Florida 32327, which opened in September, 2015; and (iii) 3340 South Florida Avenue, Lakeland, Florida 33830, which opened in April, 2019 as well as through its online banking platform. 

4

A substantial portion of the Company s market is located in the larger Tallahassee MSA. Claritas, using primarily United States Census Bureau data, estimates that the 2023 population of the Tallahassee MSA, which includes Leon, Gadsden, Jefferson, and Wakulla counties, is 388,162 and is expected to grow to 398,871, an increase of 2.76 , by 2028. Tallahassee is the state capital and is characterized by mostly small businesses in many different service industries in addition to significant governmental and educational employment. The Tallahassee MSA is furthermore home to over 70,000 college students with two state universities (Florida State University and Florida A M University) and Tallahassee Community College, one of the largest community colleges in Florida. The region is thought to be attractive for many types of economic development, in part due to its highly educated workforce. According to JobsEQ, Tallahassee ranks as one of the most educated cities in America and the most educated city in Florida, with over 56 of its residents having an associate degree or higher. The Economic Development Council of Tallahassee/Leon County previously identified seven targeted industry sectors that match the region s strengths, goals, and assets: (1) renewable energy and environment; (2) aviation and aerospace; (3) health sciences, medical education, training and research, and sports medicine; (4) information technology; (5) research and engineering; (6) transportation and logistics; and (7) advanced manufacturing. 
 
 According to the U.S. Department of Labor, the national unemployment rate and Florida s unemployment rate were 3.3 and 2.2 , respectively, at December 31, 2022, while Leon County and Polk County's unemployment rates were reported at 2.2 and 2.7 , respectively. Unemployment rates improved from 2020 levels as the country adjusted to the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic. Any future increases in unemployment rates could result in nonperforming loans and reduced asset quality. 
 
 In April 2019, the Company began serving Polk County, Florida (the 8th largest county in the state) with the opening of its office in Lakeland, Florida. Home to just over 100,000 residents, Lakeland is located along the I-4 corridor between Orlando and Tampa. According to the Lakeland Chamber of Commerce, there are over 9 million people within a 100-mile radius of the city of Lakeland. 
 
 Banking Services 
 
 Our business strategy focuses on traditional, relationship-based banking. The Bank provides a range of consumer and commercial banking services to individuals and businesses. In addition to electronic banking services such as mobile banking, remote deposit, mobile deposit, Apple Pay, Bank-to-Bank transfers and online banking, we offer basic services which include demand interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing accounts, savings accounts, money-market deposit accounts, health savings accounts (HSA), NOW accounts, time deposits, safe deposit services, wire transfers, foreign exchange services, escrow accounts, enrollment in ICS and CDARS programs, debit cards, direct deposits, notary services, night depository, official checks, domestic collections, bank drafts, automated teller services, drive-in tellers, banking by mail, credit cards through a third party, and merchant card services with a third party. In addition, the Bank issues standby letters of credit and offers commercial real estate loans, residential real estate loans, construction loans, commercial loans, equipment loans, Small Business Administration SBA loans, and consumer loans. The Bank provides debit and automated teller machine ATM cards and is a member of the MoneyPASS and Pulse networks, thereby permitting clients to utilize the convenience of a large ATM network system including more than 400,000 member machines nationwide. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank did not have trust powers. 
 
 Our organizational structure focuses on a strong risk management culture. We stay abreast of our market by having our Board and management team highly involved in our communities. We believe our team's banking experience and high-quality client service distinguishes us from other banks. We believe this foundation will enable us to expand our products and services to new and existing clients, resulting in steady, long-term growth. Our culture focuses on servicing our clients and proactively exceeding their expectations, which in turn supports client retention and loyalty, increased referrals, and enhanced profitability. 
 
 Our loan target market includes owner-occupied and nonowner-occupied commercial real estate, small businesses, real estate developers, consumers, and professionals. Small business clients are typically commercial entities with sales of 25 million or less; these clients have the opportunity to generate significant revenue for banks. 
 
 Our revenues are primarily derived from interest income and fees on loans, interest and dividends from investment securities, and service charge income generated from demand accounts, ATM fees, and other services. The principal sources of funds for the Bank s lending activities are its deposits, loan repayments, and proceeds from investment debt securities. The principal expenses of the Bank are the interest paid on deposits, salaries, and general operating expenses. 
 
 We are committed to being a successful community bank and being a good business partner within our community. We believe our active community involvement and business development strategies, in conjunction with our client relationship culture, have formed a successful foundation for developing new relationships and enhancing existing ones. 
 
 Lending Activities 
 
 The Bank offers a wide range of lending services to the community, providing loans to small to medium sized companies and their owners and not-for-profit organizations. Included in our array of commercial loan products are commercial real estate loans, equipment loans, small business loans, and business lines of credit. We also are actively engaged in SBA guaranteed financing to support local borrowers who might not otherwise qualify for conventional financing, which helps mitigate our credit risk and results in fee income if we sell the guaranteed portion. Consumer loans include residential first and second mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, and consumer installment loans for cars, trucks, boats, and other recreational vehicles. Most of our retail lending connections are driven by our commercial and mortgage client relationships. The Bank maintains strong and disciplined credit policies and procedures and makes loans on a nondiscriminatory basis throughout its lending area. The net loan portfolio, excluding loans held for sale, constituted 72.2 of the Company's total assets at December 31, 2022. 

5

Our lenders have the authority to extend credit under guidelines established and approved by the Board of Directors. Joint approval signatures are required for all loans. Officers may not combine their lending authority to approve a loan in an amount in excess of the lending authority of the officer with the greater authority, unless otherwise provided through the approved lending authority table. However, a loan officer may obtain the approval of another officer with a higher lending authority to grant a loan. The Loan Committee and/or Board of Directors approves all loans with an aggregate indebtedness that exceeds an officer s or co-approving officer s lending authority, within the Bank's legal lending limits. The voting members of the Bank s Loan Committee consist of at least five directors, with at least two of those five being nonemployee Board members. Alternates or designates may be appointed by the Board of Directors when needed. Loan Committee generally meets at least bi-weekly to consider any loan requests which are in excess of the lending limits of individual lending officers, require approval before the disbursement of proceeds, or are exceptions to our loan policy. Liquidity and stability in the Bank s portfolio are given the highest priority; therefore, the Board of Directors reviews the portfolio mix of loans at its monthly meetings. Actions of the Loan Committee are also reported to the Board of Directors at these monthly meetings. 
 
 We categorize our loans as follows: commercial real estate, residential real estate (first and second mortgages and home equity loans), construction loans, commercial loans, and consumer loans. Residential real estate and home equity loans, accounting for 37.6 of the loan portfolio, and commercial real estate loans, comprising 34.0 of the loan portfolio, were the two largest categories of loans at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans. Secured by mortgages on commercial property, these loans are typically more complex and present a higher risk profile than our consumer real estate loans. Commercial loans that are secured by owner-occupied commercial real estate are repaid through operating cash flows of the borrower whereas nonowner-occupied commercial real estate loans are generally dependent on rental income. The typical amortization period is twenty years or less. Interest rates on our commercial real estate loans are generally fixed for five years or less after which they adjust based upon a predetermined spread over an index. At times, a rate may be fixed for longer than five years. As part of our credit underwriting standards, we normally require personal guarantees from the principal owners of the business supported by a review of the principal owners personal financial statements, personal tax returns, and where applicable, business tax returns. As part of our enterprise risk management process, we understand that risks associated with commercial real estate loans include fluctuations in real estate values, the overall strength of the borrower, the overall strength of the economy, new job creation trends, tenant vacancy rates, environmental contamination, and the quality of the borrowers management. In order to mitigate and limit these risks, we evaluate collateral value and analyze the borrower s, and if applicable the guarantor s global cash flow position. Currently, the collateral securing our commercial real estate loans includes a variety of property types, such as office, warehouse, and retail facilities, hotels, mixed-use residential and commercial properties. 
 
 Residential Real Estate and Home Equity Loans. The Company offers first and second one-to-four family mortgage loans, multifamily residential loans, and home equity lines of credit. The collateral for these loans includes both owner-occupied residences and nonowner-occupied investment properties. The owner-occupied primary residence loans generally present lower levels of risk than commercial real estate loans; however, risks do still exist because of possible fluctuations in the value of the real estate collateral securing the loan, as well as changes in the borrowers' financial condition. The nonowner-occupied investment properties are more similar in risk to commercial real estate loans, and therefore, are underwritten by assessing the property s income potential and appraised value. In both cases, we underwrite the borrower s financial condition and evaluate his or her global cash flow position. Borrowers may be affected by numerous factors, including job loss, illness, or other personal hardship. As part of our product mix, the Company offers both portfolio and secondary market mortgages; portfolio loans generally are based on a 3-year, 5-year, 7-year, or 10-year adjustable-rate mortgages; while 15-year or 30-year fixed-rate loans are generally sold to the secondary market. The longer-term, fixed-rate loans are sometimes retained in the Company s loan portfolio and are evaluated on a case-by-case basis. Beginning January 1, 2023, the 10-year adjustable rate loan is no longer being offered. 
 
 Construction Loans. Typically, these loans have a term of one to two years and the interest is paid monthly. Once the construction period terminates, some of these loans will convert to a term loan carried in the Bank s loan portfolio with an amortization period of twenty years or less, in general. This portion of our loan portfolio includes loans to small-to-medium sized businesses to construct owner-user properties, loans to developers of commercial real estate investment properties, and loans to residential developers. This type of loan is also made to individual clients for construction of single-family homes in our market area. An independent appraisal is generally used to determine the value of the collateral and confirm that the ratio of the loan principal to the value of the collateral will not exceed the Bank s policies. As the construction project progresses, loan proceeds are requested by the borrower to complete phases of construction, and funding is only disbursed after the project has been inspected by a third-party inspector or an experienced construction lender. Risks associated with construction loans include fluctuations in the value of real estate, project completion risk, changes in market trends, and the interest rate environment. The ability of the construction loan borrower to move to permanent financing of the loan or sell the property upon completion of the project is another risk factor that also may be affected by changes in market trends after the initial funding of the loan. 
 
 Commercial Loans. The Company offers a wide range of commercial loans, including small business loans, equipment financing, business lines of credit, and SBA loans. Small-to-medium sized businesses, retail, and professional establishments make up our target market for commercial loans. Our lenders primarily underwrite these loans based on the borrower s ability to service the loan from cash flow. Lines of credit and loans secured by accounts receivable and/or inventory are monitored periodically by our staff. Loans secured by all business assets, or a blanket lien are typically made to highly qualified borrowers due to the nonspecific nature of the collateral and do not require a formal valuation of the business collateral. When commercial loans are secured by specifically identified collateral, then the valuation of the collateral is generally supported by an appraisal, purchase order, or third-party physical inspection. Personal guarantees of the principals of business borrowers are usually required. Equipment loans generally have a term of five years or less and may have a fixed or variable rate. Business lines of credit generally do not exceed two years and typically, are secured by accounts receivable and inventory. Significant factors affecting a commercial borrower s credit-worthiness include the quality of management and the ability to evaluate changes in the supply and demand characteristics affecting the business markets for products and services and respond effectively to such changes. These loans may be made unsecured or secured, but most are made on a secured basis. Risks associated with our commercial loan portfolio include local, regional, and national market conditions. Other risk factors could include changes in the borrower s management and fluctuations in collateral value. Additionally, there may be refinancing risk if a commercial loan includes a balloon payment which must be refinanced or paid off at loan maturity. In reference to our risk management process, our commercial loan portfolio presents a higher risk profile than our residential real estate and consumer loan portfolios. Therefore, we require that all loans to businesses must have a clearly stated and reasonable payment plan to allow for timely retirement of debt. 

6

Consumer and O ther Loans. Our consumer portfolio is the smallest portion of our loan portfolio, representing 1.3 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. These loans are made for various consumer purposes, such as the financing of automobiles, boats, and recreational vehicles. The payment structure of these loans is normally on an installment basis. The risk associated with this category of loans stems from the reduced collateral value for a defaulted loan; it may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the principal. The underwriting on these loans is primarily based on the borrower s financial condition. Therefore, both secured and unsecured consumer loans subject the Company to risk when the borrower s financial condition declines or deteriorates. Based upon our current trend in consumer loans, we do not anticipate that consumer loans will become a substantial component of our loan portfolio at any time in the immediate future. Consumer loans are made at fixed-interest and variable-interest rates and are based on the appropriate amortization for the asset and purpose. 
 
 Investments 
 
 Our investments are managed in relation to loan demand and deposit growth. Available funds are placed in low-risk investments and provide liquidity to fund increases in loan demand or to offset fluctuations in deposits. With respect to our investment portfolio, the total portfolio may be invested in U.S. Treasuries, general obligations of government agencies, and bank-qualified municipal securities because such securities generally represent a relatively minimal investment risk. Occasionally, we may invest in certificates of deposit from national and state banks. We also invest in mortgage-backed securities which generally have a shorter life than the stated maturity. 
 
 We monitor changes in financial markets. In addition to portfolio investments, our daily cash position is monitored to ensure that all available funds earn interest at the earliest possible date. A portion of the investment account is designated as secondary reserves and invested in liquid securities that can be readily converted to cash with minimum risk of market loss. These investments usually consist of U.S. Treasury obligations, U.S. Government agencies and federal funds. The remainder of the investment account may be placed in investment securities of a different type and longer maturity. Whenever possible, our strategy is to stagger the maturities of our securities to produce a steady cash-flow in the event the Bank needs cash, or economic conditions change to a more favorable rate environment. 
 
 Deposit Activities 
 
 Deposits are the major source of the Bank s funds for lending and other investment purposes. Deposits are gathered principally from within our primary market areas through the offering of a broad variety of deposit products, including checking accounts, money-market accounts, regular savings accounts, term certificate of deposit accounts (including jumbo certificates in denominations of 250,000 or more), and retirement savings plans. We consider the majority of our regular savings, demand, NOW, and money-market deposit accounts to be core deposits. The majority of our deposits are generated within the Leon County, Florida area. Our deposits are insured up to the maximum amount allowed by law by the FDIC. The Company also offers Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service ("CDARS"), Insured Cash Sweep ("ICS") accounts. The Bank had no brokered deposits at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Maturity terms, service fees, and withdrawal penalties are established by the Bank on a periodic basis. The determination of rates and terms is predicated on funds acquisition and liquidity requirements, market rate competition, growth goals, and federal regulations. 
 
 We offer certificates of deposit, including time deposits of 250,000 or more, public fund deposits and other large deposit accounts. More than half our time deposits are short-term in nature and are more sensitive to changes in interest rates than other types of deposits; therefore, they may be a less stable source of funds. In the event that existing short-term deposits are not renewed, the resulting loss of the deposited funds could adversely affect our liquidity. In a rising interest rate market, short-term deposits may prove to be a costly source of funds because their short-term nature requires renewal at increasingly higher interest rates, which may adversely affect the Bank s earnings. The opposite is true in a falling interest rate market where such short-term deposits are more favorable to the Bank. 
 
 Company Website and U.S. Securities Exchange Commission Filings 
 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports can be found free of charge on our website at www.primemeridianbank.com as soon as reasonably practical after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains a website, www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Executive, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee, along with our Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policy are available on our website at www.primemeridianbank.com . Printed copies of this information may also be obtained, without charge, by written request to the Corporate Secretary at P.O. Box 13629, Tallahassee, FL 32317. 

7

Employees 
 
 At December 31, 2022, PMHG had 107 full-time equivalent employees (including executive officers), none of whom are represented by a union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Management considers employee relations to be good. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The market for banking is highly competitive. Our competition is made up of a wide range of financial institutions, including credit unions, local, regional, and national commercial banks, mortgage companies, insurance companies, and other non-traditional providers of financial services. According to the annual Summary of Deposits report produced by the FDIC, total deposits (excluding non-retail) in Leon, Polk, and Wakulla counties, Florida, grew to over 21.0 billion as of June 30, 2022. As of June 30, 2022, there were sixteen FDIC-insured financial institutions serving Leon County; only two of them, including PMHG, are headquartered in Leon County. As of June 30, 2022, according to the Summary of Deposits, the Company ranked fifth and had a 7.06 share of the FDIC-insured deposits in Leon County. As of June 30, 2022, the Summary of Deposits reported that there were sixteen FDIC-insured institutions serving Polk County and that PMHG ranked 16th with 0.25 share of the FDIC-insured deposits in Polk County. As of June 30, 2022, the Summary of Deposits reported that there were four FDIC-insured financial institutions serving Wakulla County and that PMHG ranked second, with a 17.33 share of the FDIC-insured deposits in Wakulla County. 
 
 Some of our competitors are not subject to the same level of regulation and oversight that is required of banks and bank holding companies, resulting in lower cost structures. By emphasizing our exceptional client service, knowledge of local trends and conditions, and local decision-making process, we believe the Bank has developed an effective competitive advantage in its market, thus maintaining a strong level of growth. 
 
 Some of our competitors are much larger financial institutions with greater financial resources. It is not our goal to compete on all products and services, but rather to remain client-service focused and to adhere to our core values. This strategy has yielded solid growth for the Bank thus far. 
 
 Other important competitive factors that have contributed to our success in our market area include convenient office hours, electronic banking products, community reputation, quality of our banking team, capacity and willingness to extend credit, and our ability to offer cash management and other commercial banking services. Although offering competitive rates is important, we believe that our greatest competitive advantages are our experienced management team, client relationship culture, and personal service. 
 
 Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity 
 
 The regulatory framework for data privacy and cybersecurity is rapidly evolving. Current federal law requires financial institutions to periodically disclose their privacy policies and practices related to sharing client information. Such laws allow consumer clients to opt out of having their information shared with unaffiliated third parties under certain circumstances. Other federal and state laws and regulations impact our ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact clients with marketing offers. Current federal law also requires financial institutions to implement a comprehensive information security program. Such programs must include administrative, procedural, and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of client records and personal information. These security and privacy policies and procedures are in effect across the Bank. 
 
 Federal banking agencies pay close attention to the cybersecurity practices of banks. Such agencies include a review of an institution s information technology program and its ability to prevent cyberattacks in their examinations. The FFIEC released its Architecture, Infrastructure, and Operations (AIO) Booklet in June 2021. The AIO booklet calls for a layered security approach that incorporates administrative, procedural, and physical controls to include employee, vendor, and client awareness training. The Bank s cybersecurity and information security practices incorporate preventative, detective, corrective, compensatory, and deterrent controls. Failing to have adequate cybersecurity safeguards in place, in accordance with AIO and other applicable regulations and laws, can result in supervisory criticism, monetary penalties and reputational harm. 
 
 In November, 2021, the Federal Reserve, OCC, and FDIC adopted a new regulation. Among other things, this regulation requires a bank to notify its primary federal regulator within 36 hours after identifying a "computer-security incident" that the bank believes in good faith could: (i) materially disrupt or degrade its business or operations in a manner that would threaten the viability of its operations and result in clients being unable to access their deposit and other accounts; (ii) result in a material loss of revenue, earnings or franchise value; or (iii) pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States. 
 
 Data privacy and data protection are also areas of increasing regulatory and legislative focus. The Bank is subject to rules and regulations issued by the Federal Trade Commission, which regulates unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including those related to data privacy and cybersecurity. Like other lenders, the Bank uses credit bureaus in its underwriting activities. Use of such data is regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which also regulates identity theft prevention programs, reporting information to credit bureaus, prescreening individuals for credit offers, sharing of information between affiliates, and using affiliate data for marketing purposes. Federal law further requires financial institutions to explain their information-sharing practices to their clients and to protect sensitive client information. 
 
 Government Supervision and Regulation 
 
 General 
 
 As a one-bank holding company, we are subject to an extensive collection of state and federal banking laws and regulations, which impose specific requirements and restrictions on virtually all aspects of our operations. We are affected by government monetary policy and by regulatory measures affecting the banking industry in general. These regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors, borrowers, the public, the FDIC, and the integrity of the U.S. banking system and capital markets. Future legislative enactments, changes in governmental policy, or changes in the way such laws or regulations are interpreted by regulatory agencies or courts could have a material impact on our business, operations, and earnings. Federal economic and monetary policy may also affect our ability to attract deposits, make loans, and achieve our planned operating results. 

8

The following is a brief summary of some of the statutes, rules, and regulations that currently affect PMHG s and the Bank s operations. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provision referred to below and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the statutes or regulations applicable to our business. Any change in applicable laws or regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Prime Meridian Holding Company 
 
 As a bank holding company, PMHG is subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA ), and the examination and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve. As such, the Company is required to file semi-annual reports and other information with the Federal Reserve regarding its business operations and those of its subsidiary. Under the BHCA, a bank holding company may not directly or indirectly acquire ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of any additional bank without prior approval of the Federal Reserve. The Company is further prohibited from merging or consolidating with another bank holding company without prior approval. 
 
 Prior to any person or company, excluding a bank holding company, acquiring control of a bank holding company, subject to certain exemptions, the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve, require either the Federal Reserve s stated approval or a notice be furnished to the Federal Reserve and not disapproved. Control is conclusively presumed to exist when an individual or company acquires 25 or more of any class of voting securities of a bank holding company. Control may be presumed to exist if a person acquires 10 or more, but less than 25 , of any class of voting securities and either the bank holding company has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or no other person owns a greater percentage of that class of voting securities immediately after the transaction. Additionally, the BHCA provides that the Federal Reserve may not approve any of these transactions if it would result in a monopoly, substantially lessen competition, or otherwise function as a restraint of trade, unless the anti-competitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed by the public interest in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding companies and banks concerned and the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve s consideration of financial resources generally focuses on capital adequacy, which is discussed below. As a result of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Federal Reserve is also required to consider the record of a bank holding company and its subsidiary bank(s) in combating money laundering activities in its evaluation of bank holding company merger or acquisition transactions. 
 
 Except as authorized by the BHCA and Federal Reserve regulations or orders, a bank holding company is generally prohibited from acquiring direct or indirect control of 5 or more of the voting shares of any company engaged in any business other than the business of banking or managing and controlling banks. The primary exception allows a bank holding company to own shares in any company whose activities have been determined by the Federal Reserve to be so closely related to banking or to managing or controlling banks that ownership of shares of that company is appropriate. Activities the Federal Reserve has determined by regulation to be permissible for bank holding companies include the following: 

making or servicing loans and certain types of leases; 

engaging in certain insurance activities; 

performing certain data processing services; 

acting in certain circumstances as a fiduciary or investment or financial advisor; 

providing management consulting services; 

owning savings associations; 

and making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare. 

In accordance with Federal Reserve Policy, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks. In adhering to the Federal Reserve s policy, we may be required to provide financial support to the Bank at a time when, absent such Federal Reserve Policy, it might not be deemed advisable to provide such assistance. Under the BHCA, the Federal Reserve may also require a bank holding company to terminate any activity or relinquish control of a nonbank subsidiary (other than a nonbank subsidiary of a bank) upon the Federal Reserve s determination that the activity or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness or stability of any subsidiary depository institution of the bank holding company. Further, federal bank regulatory authorities have additional discretion to require a bank holding company to divest itself of any bank or nonbank subsidiary if the agency determines that divestiture may aid the depository institution s financial condition. The Dodd-Frank Act Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act codified the Federal Reserve s policy on serving as a source of financial strength. Such support may be required at times when, absent this Federal Reserve policy, a holding company may not be inclined to provide it. A bank holding company, in certain circumstances, could be required to guarantee the capital plan of an undercapitalized banking subsidiary. 
 
 The Federal Reserve s authority was expanded through the Financial Institutions Reform Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 FIRREA to prohibit activities of bank holding companies and their nonbanking subsidiaries which represent unsafe and unsound banking practices, or which constitute violations of laws or regulations. FIRREA increased the amount of civil money penalties which the Federal Reserve can assess for activities conducted on a knowing and reckless basis, if those activities caused a substantial loss to a depository institution. The penalties can be as high as 1.0 million for each day the activity continues. FIRREA also expanded the scope of the individuals and entities against which such penalties may be assessed. 
 
 Under Florida law, a person or entity seeking to acquire a controlling interest in a Florida bank must also obtain permission from the OFR. The Florida Statutes define control as either (1) indirectly or directly owns, controls or has power to vote 25 of more of any class of voting securities of the bank, (2) controlling the election of a majority of the directors, trustees, or other governing body of the bank, (3) owning, controlling, or having power to vote 10 or more of the voting securities combined with exercising a controlling influence over the management or policies of the bank, or (4) as determined by the OFR. 

9

Prime Meridian Bank 
 
 As a state-chartered commercial bank, the Bank is subject to the supervision and regulation of the OFR and the FDIC. Our deposits are insured by the FDIC for a maximum of 250,000 per account ownership category. For this protection, we must pay a quarterly statutory assessment and comply with the rules and regulations of the FDIC. The assessment levied on a bank for deposit insurance varies, depending on the capital position of each bank, and other supervisory factors. Currently, we are subject to the statutory assessment. 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of a bank, the claims of depositors of the bank, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against a bank. If a bank fails, insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors and shareholders. 

Areas regulated and monitored by the bank regulatory authorities include: 

security devices and procedures; 

adequacy of capitalization and loss reserves; 

loans; 

investments; 

borrowings; 

deposits; 

mergers; 

issuances of securities; 

payment of dividends; 

establishment of branches; 

corporate reorganizations; 

transactions with affiliates; 

maintenance of books and records 

and adequacy of staff training to carry out safe lending and deposit gathering practices. 

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act provides for significant regulation and oversight of the financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act addresses, among other things, systemic risk, capital adequacy, deposit insurance assessments, consumer financial protection, interchange fees, derivatives, lending limits, thrift charters, and changes among the banking regulatory agencies. There are many provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act mandating regulators to adopt new regulations and conduct studies upon which future regulation may be based. While many have been issued, some remain to be issued and may have unintended effects on smaller banks. 
 
 The changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act impact and may further impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to some of our business practices, or otherwise adversely affect our business. These impacts also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes necessary to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements. It may further necessitate higher levels of regulatory capital and/or liquidity and lead to a change in our business strategy. We cannot predict the effects of this legislation and the corresponding regulations on us, our competitors, or on the financial markets and economy, although it may significantly increase costs and impede efficiency of internal business processes. 
 
 Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates and Loans to Insiders 
 
 Under Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, the Bank is subject to restrictions that limit the transfer of funds or other items of value to the parent holding company, and any other non-bank affiliates in so-called covered transactions. The term covered transaction includes loans, leases, other extensions of credit, investments and asset purchases, issuance of a guarantee, as well as other transactions involving the transfer of value from the Bank to an affiliate or for the benefit of an affiliate. An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the bank. Unless an exemption applies, covered transactions by the Bank with a single affiliate are limited to 10 of the Bank s capital stock and surplus (tangible capital) and all such transactions are required to be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank or subsidiary, as those provided to a nonaffiliate. With respect to all covered transactions with affiliates in the aggregate, they are limited to 20 of the Bank s capital and surplus. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act expanded the scope of Section 23A and includes investment funds managed by an affiliate institution as well as other hurdles. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act expanded coverage of transactions with insiders by including credit exposure arising from derivative transactions. The Dodd-Frank Act furthermore prohibits an insured depository institution from purchasing or selling an asset to an executive officer, director, or principal shareholder (or any related interest of such a person) unless the transaction is on market terms. If the transaction exceeds 10 of the institution s capital, it must be approved in advance by a majority of the disinterested directors. 

10

A bank s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and shareholders with greater than 10 ownership, as well as entities controlled by such persons, is subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O promulgated thereunder by the Federal Reserve. Among other things, these loans must be made on terms substantially the same as those offered to unaffiliated individuals. The amount of loans a bank may make to these persons is based, in part, on the bank s capital position, and certain approval procedures must be followed in making loans which exceed specified amounts. 
 
 Basel III and Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 The Bank is also subject to capital adequacy guidelines and prompt corrective action rules that implement the revised standards of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, commonly called Basel III, and address relevant provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Basel III and the regulations of the federal banking agencies require bank holding companies and banks to undertake significant activities to demonstrate compliance with certain capital standards. Compliance with these rules impose additional costs on the Company and the Bank. 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 comprehensively revised the laws affecting corporate governance, accounting obligations, and corporate reporting requirements for companies with debt or equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Compliance with this complex legislation and subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission rules is a major focus of all public corporations and will be so for the Company going forward. One of the more applicable provisions of this act is corporate responsibility for financial reports. Sarbanes-Oxley requires a public company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer to sign quarterly and annual reports stating that they have reviewed the reports and that the reports are true. 
 
 Capital 
 
 An international body known as the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision developed regulatory capital rules to implement capital standards (referred to as Basel III) and impose higher minimum capital requirements for bank holding companies and banks. The rules apply to all national and state banks and savings associations, regardless of size, and bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies with more than 3 billion in total consolidated assets. More stringent requirements are imposed on advanced approaches banking organizations which are organizations with 250 billion or more in total consolidated assets, 10 billion or more in total foreign exposures, or that have opted into the Basel III capital regime. 
 
 Banks are subject to regulatory capital requirements imposed by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. Until a bank holding company s assets reach 3 billion, the risk-based capital and leverage guidelines issued by the Federal Reserve are applied to bank holding companies on a nonconsolidated basis, unless the bank holding company is engaged in nonbank activities involving significant leverage, or it has a significant amount of outstanding debt held by the general public. Instead, a bank holding company with less than 3 billion generally applies the risk-based capital and leverage capital guidelines on a bank only basis and must only meet a debt-to-equity ratio at the holding company level. The FDIC risk-based capital guidelines apply directly to insured state banks, regardless of whether they are subsidiaries of a bank holding company. Both agencies requirements, which are substantially similar, establish minimum capital ratios in relation to assets, both on an aggregate basis as adjusted for credit risks and off-balance sheet exposures. The risk weights assigned to assets are based primarily on credit risks. Depending upon the riskiness of a particular asset, it is assigned to a risk category. Under the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, risk weights (from 0 to 150 are applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 
 Capital is then classified into three categories, Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1, and Tier 2. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital CET1 is the sum of common stock instruments and related surplus net of treasury stock, retained earnings, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI ), and qualifying minority interests, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions that include AOCI (if an irrevocable option to neutralize AOCI is exercised). Mortgage-servicing assets, deferred tax assets, and investments in financial institutions are limited to an aggregate of 15 of CET1 and 10 of CET1 individually. Additional Tier 1 Capital includes noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, Tier 1 minority interests, grandfathered trust preferred securities, and Troubled Asset Relief Program instruments, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. Tier 2 Capital includes subordinated debt and preferred stock, total capital minority interests not included in Tier 1, and ALLL not exceeding 1.25 percent of risk-weighted assets, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. 

11

Smaller banks, such as the Bank, are also subject to the following capital level threshold requirements under the FDIC s Prompt Corrective Action regulations. 

Threshold Ratios 

Common Equity 

Total 

Tier 1 

Tier 1 

Tier 1 

Capital 
 
 Risk-Based 

Risk-Based 

Risk-Based 

Leverage 

Category 
 
 Capital Ratio 

Capital Ratio 

Capital Ratio 

Capital Ratio 

Well capitalized 

10.00 

8.00 

6.50 

5.00 

Adequately Capitalized 

8.00 

6.00 

4.50 

4.00 

Undercapitalized 

Significantly Undercapitalized 

Critically Undercapitalized 
 
 Tangible Equity/Total Assets 2 

Community banks are also subject to the following minimum capital requirements: 

Minimum Tier 1 leverage 

4.00 

Minimum CET1 ratio 

4.50 

Capital conversion buffer 

2.50 

Minimum tier 1 capital 

6.00 

Minimum total capital 

8.00 

Federal banking regulators risk-based capital guidelines also take account of interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is the adverse effect that changes in market interest rates may have on a bank s financial condition and is inherent to the business of banking. Under the regulations, when evaluating a bank s capital adequacy, the capital standards explicitly include a bank s exposure to declines in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates. The exposure of a bank s economic value generally represents the change in the present value of its assets, less the change in the value of its liabilities, plus the change in the value of its interest rate off-balance sheet contracts. 
 
 Federal bank regulatory agencies possess broad powers to take prompt corrective action as deemed appropriate for an insured depository institution and its holding company, based on the institution s capital levels. The extent of these powers depends upon whether the institution in question is considered well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly under-capitalized, or critically undercapitalized. Generally, as an institution is deemed to be less well-capitalized, the scope and severity of the agencies powers increase, ultimately permitting the agency to appoint a receiver for the institution. Business activities may also be influenced by an institution s capital classification. For instance, only a well-capitalized depository institution may accept brokered deposits without prior regulatory approval and can engage in various expansion activities with prior notice, rather than prior regulatory approval. However, rapid growth, poor loan portfolio performance, poor earnings performance, or a combination of these factors, could change the capital position of the Bank in a relatively short period of time. Failure to meet these capital requirements could subject the Bank to prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIC, which may include filing with the appropriate bank regulatory authorities a plan describing the means and a schedule for achieving the minimum capital requirements. In addition, we would not be able to receive regulatory approval of any application that required consideration of capital adequacy, such as a branch or merger application, unless we could demonstrate a reasonable plan to meet the capital requirement within an acceptable period of time. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was considered to be well capitalized with a 9.70 Tier 1 Leverage ratio; a 12.90 Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-based Capital ratio, a 12.90 Tier 1 Risk-based Capital ratio, and a 14.04 Total Risk-based Capital ratio. 
 
 The Federal banking regulatory agencies have adopted a rule to simplify the methodology for measuring capital adequacy for smaller, uncomplicated banks. This community bank leverage ratio CBLR is calculated as the ratio of tangible equity capital divided by average total consolidated assets. CBLR tangible equity is defined as total equity capital, prior to including minority interests, and excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, goodwill, and other intangible assets (other than mortgage servicing assets). Beginning in 2020, a qualifying organization may elect to use the CBLR framework if its CBLR is greater than 9 . The Bank has not elected to use the CBLR framework because it would not receive any material benefit with respect to compliance or reporting. 
 
 Other Safety and Soundness Regulations 
 
 The federal banking agencies also have adopted guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards relating to internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth and compensation and benefits. The federal regulatory agencies may take action against a financial institution that does not meet such standards. 

12

Payment of Dividends 
 
 PMHG is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. The Company s principal sources of funds to pay dividends on its common stock are capital retained from stock offerings and dividends from the Bank. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends the Bank may pay to the Company without regulatory approval. The Federal Reserve Board is authorized to determine the circumstances when the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit such payments. The rights of the Company, its shareholders, and creditors to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of the Bank are also subject to the prior claims of creditors of the Bank. Additionally, the Florida Business Corporation Act provides that the Company may only pay dividends if the dividend payment would not render the company insolvent, or unable to meet its obligations as they come due. 
 
 As a Florida state-chartered bank, the Bank is also subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends, including a prohibition of dividend payments from the Bank s capital under certain circumstances without the prior approval of the OFR and the FDIC. Except with the prior approval of the OFR, all dividends of any Florida bank must be paid out of retained net profits from the current period and the previous two years, after deducting expenses, including losses and bad debts. 
 
 Banks are also required to hold a capital conservation buffer of CET1 in excess of their minimum risk-based capital ratios to avoid limits on dividend payments and certain other bonus payments. Those requirements are reflected in the table below: 

Maximum Payout 

Ratio (as a of 

the Previous Four 

Capital Conservation Buffer 
 
 Quarters of Net 

(as a percentage of risk weighted assets) 
 
 Income) 

Greater than 2.5 
 
 No payout limitation 

Less than or equal to 2.5 and greater than 1.875 
 
 60 

Less than or equal to 1.875 and greater than 1.25 
 
 40 

Less than or equal to 1.25 and greater than 0.625 
 
 20 

Less than or equal to 0.625 
 
 0 

The Federal Reserve expects bank holding companies to serve as a source of strength to their subsidiary bank(s), which may require them to retain or obtain access to capital for investment in their subsidiary bank(s), rather than pay dividends to shareholders. As stated previously, the Bank may not pay dividends to PMHG, if after paying those dividends, the Bank would fail to meet the required minimum levels under the risk-based capital guidelines and the minimum leverage ratio requirements. Payment of dividends by the Bank may be restricted at any time at the discretion of its applicable regulatory authorities, based upon the Bank s capital position and asset quality. 
 
 Community Reinvestment 
 
 In connection with its lending activities, the Bank is subject to a number of federal laws designed to protect borrowers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy and population. These include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth-in-Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, and the Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA ). The CRA requires the appropriate federal banking agency to assess the Bank's record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by the Bank, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. Under the CRA, institutions are assigned a rating of outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve, or substantial noncompliance. The Bank received a satisfactory rating in its most recent CRA evaluation. In addition, pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, federal banking regulators have enacted regulations limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic consumer information to non-affiliated third parties. The regulations require disclosure of privacy policies and allow consumers to prevent certain personal information from being shared with non-affiliated third parties. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB as an agency to centralize responsibility for consumer financial protection, including implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial laws. The CFPB has focused its rulemaking in several areas, particularly in the areas of mortgage reform involving the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. The CFPB requires lenders to verify borrowers income and ability to repay loans and simplify the disclosures borrowers receive when taking out a loan. 
 
 Additional rulemakings to come under the Dodd-Frank Act will dictate compliance changes for financial institutions. Any such changes in regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Bank make it difficult to predict the ultimate effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

13

Bank Secrecy Act / Anti-Money Laundering Laws 
 
 Banking regulators intensely focus on Anti-Money Laundering and Bank Secrecy Act compliance requirements, particularly the Anti-Money Laundering provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act. The USA PATRIOT Act substantially broadened the scope of U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations by creating new laws, regulations, and penalties, imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the U.S. These laws and regulations require the Bank to implement policies, procedures, and controls to detect, prevent, and report potential money laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identity of its customers. Violations of these requirements can result in substantial civil and criminal sanctions. In addition, provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act require the federal financial institution regulatory agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution s anti-money laundering activities when reviewing bank mergers and BHC acquisitions. 
 
 Interstate Banking and Branching 
 
 Current federal law authorizes interstate acquisitions of banks and bank holding companies without geographic limitation. Furthermore, national banks and state banks are able to establish branches in any state if that state would permit the establishment of the branch by a state bank chartered in that state. Florida law permits a state bank to establish a branch of the bank anywhere in the state. Accordingly, with the elimination of interstate branching under the Dodd-Frank Act, a bank with its headquarters outside the State of Florida may establish branches anywhere within Florida. 
 Economic and Monetary Policies 
 
 The Bank s earnings are affected by the policies of various banking regulatory authorities of the United States, especially the Federal Reserve and FDIC. The Federal Reserve, among other things, regulates the supply of money, credit and interest rates as a means of influencing general economic conditions within the United States. The instruments of monetary policy employed by the Federal Reserve for these purposes influence the overall level of investments, loans, other extensions of credit and deposits, and the interest rates paid on liabilities and received on assets. 
 
 As is generally true with all banking institutions, the Bank s operations are materially and significantly influenced by these general economic conditions and by related monetary and fiscal policies of financial institution regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. Deposit flows and the cost of funds are influenced by interest rates on competing investments and general market rates of interest. Lending activities are affected by the demand for real estate financing and other types of loans, which in turn, is affected by interest rates and other factors affecting local demand and availability of funds. 
 
 Enterprise Risk Management 
 
 As evidenced by many of the challenges that the financial industry has faced, we understand and place significant emphasis on risk management. We have invested resources in comprehensive software which monitors every component of the Bank. We believe that taking a global view of the Bank s processes, down to the details of each procedure, will keep us properly focused. We recognize that enterprise risk management is an ongoing process. 
 
 Our solid asset quality statistics support our emphasis on risk management. With respect to lending, our risk management philosophy focuses on structuring credits to provide for multiple sources of repayment; this philosophy, coupled with strong underwriting policies and processes administered by experienced lenders, assists us with managing and mitigating our lending risks. As loans are reviewed, any borrowers who display deteriorating financial conditions are moved to an increased level of monitoring and a plan for implementing corrective actions is developed to minimize losses. We also have an annual independent, third-party loan review performed. In addition, our risk management software has the capability to stress test our portfolio utilizing mild and severe environments. 
 
 Our program also focuses on other specific areas of risk management including asset liability management, regulatory compliance, vendor management, policy review tracking, audit functions, and internal controls. Our asset liability management process is extensive; we use independent models by reputable third parties to run our interest rate risk model. We may utilize hedging techniques whenever our models indicate short term (net interest income) or long term (economic value of equity "EVE") risk to interest rate movements. 
 
 Our enterprise risk management program assists with monitoring operational controls and compliance control functions. We have also engaged an experienced independent public accounting firm to assist us with testing controls for operations and compliance. In addition, another experienced independent firm has been engaged to review and assess our controls with respect to technology and to perform penetration testing to assist us in managing the risks associated with information security. 
 
 Correspondent Banking 
 
 Correspondent banking gives the Bank access to services that we have determined are not economical or practical to perform ourselves. We purchase correspondent services offered by larger banks, including check collections, purchase of federal funds, security safekeeping, investment services, coin and currency supplies. We may also use correspondent banks for overline and liquidity loan participations and sales of loan participations. 

14

Interest and Usury 
 
 The Bank is subject to numerous state and federal statutes that affect the interest rates that may be charged on loans. These laws do not, under present market conditions, deter the Bank from continuing to originate loans. 

Item 1A Risk Factors 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
 
 Some of our borrowers will not repay their loans, and losses from loan defaults may exceed the allowance we establish for that purpose, which may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Consistent with the financial institution industry, some of our borrowers inevitably will not repay loans that we make to them. This risk is inherent in the banking business. The risk of credit losses on loans varies with, among other things, general economic conditions, the type of loan being made, the creditworthiness of the borrower over the term of the loan and, in the case of a collateralized loan, the value and marketability of the collateral for the loan. If a significant number of loans are not repaid, it will have an adverse effect on our earnings and overall financial condition. 
 
 Like all financial institutions, we maintain an allowance for loan losses ("ALLL") to account for possible loan defaults and nonperformance. The allowance for loan losses reflects our best estimate of probable and inherent losses in the loan portfolio at the relevant time. This evaluation is based primarily upon the following: a review of our historical loan loss experience as adjusted for certain qualitative factors; known risks contained in the loan portfolio; known risks for each segment of our loan portfolio; composition and growth of the loan portfolio; and certain economic factors. Despite our best efforts, and particularly due to the fact that we have a limited loan loss history, the determination of an appropriate level of loan loss allowance is an inherently difficult process and is based on numerous assumptions and estimations. 

Beginning in 2023, we will apply CECL in calculating our provision and ALLL. We cannot be certain of the impact of CECL on our provision expense until we implement it and evaluate our results under its standards. As a result of these factors, we may experience increased expense or find that our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover our actual losses, and future provisions for loan losses may adversely affect our earnings and capital position.

Our recent results may not be indicative of our future results. 
 
 We may not be able to sustain our historical rate of growth. In addition, our recent growth may distort some of our historical financial ratios and statistics. Various factors, such as economic conditions, regulatory and legislative considerations and limitations, and competition, may also impede or prohibit our efforts to expand our market presence. If we experience a significant decrease in our historical rate of growth, our results from operations and financial condition may be adversely affected due to a high percentage of our operating costs being fixed expenses. 
 
 Changes in business and economic conditions, in particular those of the Florida markets in which we operate, could lead to lower asset quality and lower earnings. 
 
 Unlike larger national or regional banks that are more geographically diversified, our business and earnings are closely tied to general business and economic conditions, particularly the economy of the Tallahassee MSA. The local economy is heavily influenced by government, education, real estate, and other service-based industries. Factors that could affect the local economy include declines in government spending, higher energy costs, reduced consumer or corporate spending, natural disasters or adverse weather, health epidemics, and a significant decline in real estate values. A sustained economic downturn could adversely affect the quality of our assets, credit losses, and the demand for our products and services, which could lead to lower revenue and lower earnings. 
 
 Changes in interest rates affect our profitability and assets. 
 
 Our profitability depends to a large extent on the Bank s net interest income, which is the difference between income on interest-earning assets such as loans, investment securities, and liquid balances and expenses on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowings. We are unable to predict changes in market interest rates, which are affected by many factors beyond our control including inflation, economic recession, unemployment, money supply, domestic and international events, and changes in the United States and other financial markets. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our one-year interest rate sensitivity position was slightly liability sensitive, such that an immediate increase in interest rates would have a negative impact on our net interest income over the next twelve months. Our ALCO model shows that the effect would be immaterial and fall within Board approved limits. Our results of operations are affected by changes in interest rates and our ability to manage this risk. The difference between interest rates charged on interest-earning assets and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities may be affected by changes in market interest rates, changes in relationships between interest rate indices, and changes in the relationships between long-term and short-term market interest rates. Our net interest income may be reduced if: (i) more interest-earning assets than interest-bearing liabilities reprice or mature during a time when interest rates are declining; or (ii) more interest-bearing liabilities than interest-earning assets reprice or mature during a time when interest rates are rising. In addition, the mix of assets and liabilities could change as varying levels of market interest rates might present our client base with more attractive options. 

15

Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial condition. 
 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, and other sources, could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically, the financial services industry, or the economy in general. Factors that could negatively impact our access to liquidity sources include a decrease of our business activity as a result of a downturn in the markets in which our loans are concentrated, adverse regulatory action against us, our inability to attract and retain deposits, unrealized losses in the available-for-sale debt securities portfolio that could impact our ability to sell them without absorbing material losses, or increases in pledging requirements that could reduce our access to secured borrowing sources . Our ability to borrow could be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a disruption in the financial markets and diminished expectations or growth in the financial services industry. 
 
 We may not be able to retain or grow our core deposit base, which could adversely impact our funding costs. 
 
 Like many financial institutions, we rely on client deposits as our primary source of funding for our lending activities. Our future growth will largely depend on our ability to retain and grow our deposit base. Although we have historically maintained a high deposit client retention rate, these deposits are subject to potentially dramatic fluctuations in availability or price due to certain factors outside of our control, such as increasing competitive pressures for deposits, changes in interest rates and returns on other investment classes, client perceptions of our financial health and general reputation, or a loss of confidence by clients in us or the banking sector generally. Such factors could result in significant outflows of deposits within short periods of time or significant changes in pricing necessary to maintain current client deposits or attract additional deposits. Additionally, any such loss of funds could result in lower loan originations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our loan portfolio includes commercial, real estate, and consumer and other loans that may have higher risks. 
 
 Commercial loans and commercial real estate loans generally carry larger balances and can involve a greater degree of financial and credit risk than other loans. As a result, banking regulators continue to give greater scrutiny to lenders with a high concentration of commercial real estate loans in their portfolios, and such lenders are expected to implement stricter underwriting standards, internal controls, risk management policies, and portfolio stress testing, as well as higher capital levels and loss allowances. The increased financial and credit risk associated with these types of loans are a result of several factors, including the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans and borrowers, the size of loan balances, the effects of general economic conditions on income-producing properties, and the increased difficulty of evaluating and monitoring these types of loans. 
 
 Our continued pace of growth may require us to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed. 
 
 We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. Our ability to raise additional capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside our control, and depend on our financial performance. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to our ability to raise additional capital if needed on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital to support our growth, our ability to further expand our operations through internal growth and acquisitions could be materially impaired. 
 
 We may be subject to losses due to fraudulent and negligent acts on the part of loan applicants, mortgage brokers, other vendors and our employees. 
 
 When we originate loans, we rely heavily upon information supplied by loan applicants and third parties, including the information contained in the loan application, property appraisal, title information, and employment and income documentation provided by third parties. If any of this information is misrepresented and such misrepresentation is not detected prior to loan funding, we generally bear the risk of loss associated with the misrepresentation. 
 
 Both our industry and our primary service area are highly competitive. 
 
 There are a number of national and regional financial institutions that compete with us in our primary service areas. By virtue of their larger capital resources, such institutions have significantly greater lending limits than we have, and these financial institutions have the ability to offer a greater mix of financial products and services than we are able to provide. In addition, we are also competing with other financial institutions, such as savings and loan associations and credit unions, for deposits and loans. Most of our competitors benefit from a more established market presence, greater capital, and a larger asset and lending base. As a result, we cannot anticipate the extent to which such competition may negatively affect our ability to operate profitably. 

16

Our lending limit per borrower will continue to be lower than many of our competitors which may discourage potential clients and limit our loan growth. 
 
 The Bank's legally mandated lending limit is lower than that of many of our larger competitors because we have less capital. At December 31, 2022, our legal lending limit for loans was approximately 20.3 million to any one borrower on a secured basis and 12.2 million on an unsecured basis. Furthermore, management has an established in-house lending limit of 8.0 million for any single secured loan or loan relationship and an in-house limit of 1.0 million for any single unsecured loan or loan relationship as of December 31, 2022. Although we have not experienced this to date, our lower lending limit may discourage potential borrowers with loan needs that exceed our limit from doing business with us. This may restrict our ability to grow. We attempt to serve the needs of these borrowers by selling loan participations to other institutions, but this strategy may not always succeed. 
 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate in our geographic markets and events that negatively impact the real estate market in our primary market could hurt our business. 
 
 Our interest-earning assets are heavily concentrated in mortgage loans secured by real estate, particularly real estate located in Leon County, Florida. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 84.2 of our gross loan portfolio (excluding loans held for sale) had real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. The real estate collateral, in each case, provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower; however, the value of the collateral may decline during the time the credit is extended. Real estate values and real estate markets are generally affected by a variety of factors including changes in economic conditions; fluctuations in interest rates; the availability of credit; changes in tax laws and other governmental statutes, regulations, and policies; and acts of nature. If we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan during a period of reduced real estate values to satisfy the debt, our earnings and capital could be adversely affected. 
 
 This concentration of loans subjects us to risks if there is a downturn in the economy or a recession similar to the one our country most recently experienced. A downturn could result in decreased loan originations and increased delinquencies and foreclosures, which could more greatly affect us than if our lending were more geographically diversified. In addition, since a large portion of our portfolio is secured by properties located in Leon County, Florida, the occurrence of a natural disaster, such as a hurricane, or a man-made disaster could result in a decline in loan originations, a decline in the value or destruction of mortgaged properties, and an increase in the risk of delinquencies, foreclosures or loss on loans originated by us. 
 
 We face additional risks due to our increased mortgage banking activities that could negatively impact net income and profitability. 
 
 We sell the majority of the mortgage loans that we originate. The sale of these loans generates noninterest income and can be a source of liquidity for the Bank. Disruption in the secondary market for residential mortgage loans could result in our inability to sell mortgage loans, which could negatively impact our liquidity position and earnings. In addition, declines in real estate values or increases in interest rates could reduce the potential for robust mortgage originations, which could negatively impact our earnings. As we do sell mortgage loans, we also face the risk that such loans may have been made in breach of our representations and warranties to the buyers and we could be forced to repurchase such loans or pay other damages. 
 
 The success of our mortgage lending business depends on our ability to generate loans and attract and retain effective loan origination officers and other sources of mortgage loan referrals. 
 
 The mortgage lending business is highly dependent on being able to successfully originate a consistent volume of loans. This can be adversely affected by increases in mortgage loan interest rates or lower than typical home sales rates. The primary ways we generate loans are through the personal sales efforts of our mortgage lending officers and our development of loan referral sources, such as real estate brokers. If we are unable to attract and retain a productive team of such officers or develop an effective network of referral sources, or if demand for such loans is less than is typical, we will likely be unable to generate a volume of mortgage loans to produce sufficient revenue for this line of business to be profitable. If we cannot operate this line of business in a profitable manner, we will likely incur losses due to expenses associated with attempting to establish the line of business. 
 
 Future economic growth in our market area may be slower compared to previous years. 
 
 The State of Florida s population growth historically has exceeded national averages. Consequently, the state has experienced substantial growth in new business formation and public works spending. Although recently home prices have increased due to a moderate economic growth and migration into our market area, growth in our market area may still be restrained in the near term. Any decrease in existing and new home sales or in the inventory of houses available for sale will limit lending opportunities and negatively affects our income. In addition, an increase in interest rates may decrease the demand for loans in our market and a decline in property values could lead to valuation adjustments on our loan portfolio. 

17

Our business strategy depends on continued growth; therefore, our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively. 
 
 We intend to continue pursuing a growth strategy for our business. Our business prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses, and difficulties that are frequently encountered by companies in significant growth stages of development. In light of the prevailing economic conditions, we cannot assure you we will be able to expand our market presence in our existing market, successfully enter new markets, or that any such expansion will not adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, financial condition, or results of operations and could negatively affect successful implementation of our business strategy. 
 
 Reputational risk and social factors may impact our results. 
 
 Our ability to originate and maintain deposit accounts and loans is highly dependent upon client and community perceptions of our business practices and our financial health. Adverse perceptions regarding those factors could damage our reputation in our markets, leading to difficulties in generating and maintaining deposit and loan client relationships. Adverse developments with respect to the consumer or other external perceptions regarding the practices of our competitors, or our industry as a whole, may also adversely impact our reputation. Adverse impacts on our reputation, or the reputation of our industry, may also result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny, which may lead to laws, regulations or regulatory actions that may change or constrain the manner in which we engage with our clients and the products we offer. Adverse reputational impacts or events may also increase our litigation risk. We carefully monitor internal and external developments for areas of potential reputational risk and have established governance structures to assist in evaluating such risks in our business practices and decisions. 
 
 We may face risks with respect to future expansion. 
 
 We may engage in additional de novo branch expansion, expansion through acquisitions of existing branches of other financial institutions, or the acquisition of existing financial institutions in North and Central Florida, South Georgia, or South Alabama. We may consider and enter into new lines of business or offer new products or services. Branch expansion, acquisitions, and mergers involve a number of risks, including, but not limited to: (i) the time and costs associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and merger partners; (ii) inaccurate estimates and judgments regarding credit, operations, management, and market risks of the target institutions; (iii) the time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring experienced local management, opening new offices, and the time lags between these activities and the generation of sufficient assets and deposits to support the costs of the expansion; (iv) our ability to finance an acquisition and possible dilution to our existing shareholders; (v) the diversion of our management s attention to the negotiation of a transaction, and the integration of the operations and personnel of the combining businesses; (vi) our ability to penetrate new markets when we lack experience in those markets; (vii) the strain of growth on our infrastructure, staff, internal controls and managements, which may require additional personnel, time, and expenditures; (viii) exposure to potential asset quality issues with acquired institutions; (ix) the introduction of new products and services into our business that could prove costly; and (x) the possibility of unknown or contingent liabilities. 
 
 We may incur substantial costs to expand and we can give no assurance such expansion will result in the levels of profits we seek. There can be no guarantee that integration efforts of any future mergers or acquisitions will be successful. Also, we may issue equity securities, including common stock and securities convertible into shares of our common stock in connection with a future acquisition, which could cause ownership and economic dilution to our current shareholders. 
 
 Our business is exposed to the possibility of technology failure and a disruption in our operations may adversely affect our business. 
 
 The Bank relies on its computer systems and the technology of outside service providers for its daily operations. We rely on these systems to accurately track and record our assets and liabilities. If our computer systems or outside technology sources become unreliable, fail, or experience a breach of security, our ability to maintain accurate financial records may be impaired, which could materially affect our business operations and financial condition. In addition, a disruption in our operations resulting from failure of transportation and telecommunication systems, loss of power, interruption of other utilities, natural disaster, fire, global climate changes, computer hacking or viruses, failure of technology, terrorist activity, or the domestic and foreign response to such activity or other events outside of our control could have an adverse impact on the financial services industry as a whole and/or on our business. Our business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan may not be adequate and may not prevent significant interruptions of our operations or substantial losses. The increased number of cyber-attacks during the past few years has further heightened our awareness of this risk. As the environment for such attacks continues to evolve, we will continue to implement additional security controls. 

18

A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause financial losses. 
 
 We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Information security risks for financial institutions such as ours have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties. As client, public, and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased, our operational systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions, and breaches. Our business, financial, accounting and data processing systems, or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there could be electrical or telecommunications outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and, as described below, cyber-attacks. 
 
 As noted above, our business relies on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, and networks to conduct its operations. Although we have information security procedures and controls in place, our technologies, systems, networks, and our clients devices may become the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our or our clients confidential, proprietary and other information, or otherwise disrupt our or our clients or other third parties business operations. Third parties with whom we do business or that facilitate our business activities, including financial intermediaries, or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, and other third parties, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. 
 
 Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks. While we have disaster recovery and other policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature of these threats. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a focus for us. As threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and clients, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our clients use to access our products and services could result in client attrition, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Technological changes, including online and mobile banking, have the potential of disrupting our business model, and we may have fewer resources than many competitors to invest in technological improvements. 
 
 The financial services industry is experiencing significant and rapid technological changes. Many of our bank and non-bank competitors frequently introduce new technology-driven products and services. Changes in client expectations and behaviors have increased the need to offer these options to our clients. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to invest in and use technology to provide products and services that provide convenience to clients and to create additional efficiencies in operations. We will need to make significant additional capital investments in technology, and we may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services in a timely manner in response to changes in client behaviors, thus adversely affecting our operations. Many competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements than we do. 
 
 We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people. 
 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for the best people in most activities we engage in can be intense and we may not be able to hire people or to retain them. An inability to develop and maintain a skilled and well qualified team of employees could have a material adverse impact on our business, because they are integral to the implementation of our business strategies and the provision of service to our clients. Finding qualified replacement personnel can be time consuming and expensive and distract us from our business activities. 
 
 We are dependent on key executive officers, the loss of which may be detrimental to our operations. 
 
 We are dependent on certain executive officers of the Company and the Bank, for their leadership and oversight in all aspects of our operations and the unexpected loss of any of these personnel could adversely affect our operations. Such adverse effects may be magnified if such officers were to become employed with a competitor of ours. 

19

If our enterprise risk management framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our enterprise risk management framework seeks to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return, which is critical to optimizing financial performance and stockholder value. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit, liquidity, operational, regulatory compliance and reputational. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We operate in a geographic location that is vulnerable to hurricanes which could be detrimental to our operations. 
 
 Florida, in general, and certain of our market areas have a material risk of hurricanes and related damage. We have a disaster recovery plan in place for such events that includes among other things plans to move a team of key employees to an offsite remote location. While management believes it has a viable plan in place to keep the Bank operational, it has never been fully tested in a major natural disaster. 
 
 The effects of future widespread public health emergencies may negatively affect our local economies or disrupt our operations, which would have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 
 Widespread health emergencies, such as the recent global COVID-19 pandemic, can disrupt our operations through their impact on our employees, clients and their businesses, and the communities in which we operate. Disruptions to our clients could result in increased risk of delinquencies, defaults, foreclosures and losses on our loans, negatively impact regional economic conditions, result in a decline in local loan demand, loan originations and deposit availability and negatively impact the implementation of our growth strategy. Any one or more of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 
 We are subject to government regulation and monetary policy that could constrain our growth and profitability. 
 
 We are subject to extensive federal government supervision and regulations that impose substantial limitations with respect to lending activities, purchases of investment securities, the payment of dividends, and many other aspects of the banking business. Many of these regulations are intended to protect depositors, the public, and the FDIC but not our shareholders. The banking industry is heavily regulated. We are subject to examinations, supervision, and comprehensive regulation by various federal and state agencies. Our compliance with these regulations is costly and restricts certain activities of the Bank. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect the Bank Insurance Fund and depositors, not shareholders. The burden imposed by federal and state regulations puts banks at a competitive disadvantage compared to less regulated competitors such as finance companies, mortgage banking companies, and leasing companies. Federal economic and monetary policy may also affect our ability to attract deposits, make loans, and achieve our planned operating results. 
 
 Legislation and regulatory proposals enacted in response to market and economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in the laws, regulations, and regulatory practices affecting the banking industry may increase our costs of doing business or otherwise adversely affect us and create competitive advantages for others. The Dodd-Frank Act in particular represents a significant overhaul of many aspects of the regulation of the financial services industry. These changes may impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to some of our business practices, or otherwise adversely affect our business, as would other regulatory initiatives that may become effective. These changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes necessary to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements. It may also require us to hold higher levels of regulatory capital and/or liquidity and it may cause us to adjust our business strategy and limit our future business opportunities. We cannot predict the effects of this legislation and the corresponding regulations on us, our competitors, or on the financial markets and economy, although it may significantly increase costs and impede efficiency of internal business processes. 
 
 Our information systems may experience an interruption or security breach. 
 
 We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. We also provide our clients the ability to bank electronically through online banking, remote capture, mobile capture, and mobile banking. The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet is a critical element of banking online. Our network could be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes, and other security problems. Any failure, interruption, or breach in the security of these systems could result in disruptions in our client relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan, and other systems. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effects of possible failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of client business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability. While we do carry insurance to protect against losses resulting from such technology issues or breaches, we could be exposed to claims, litigation, and other possible liabilities that could exceed the maximum policy limits. 

20

Florida financial institutions face a higher risk of noncompliance and enforcement actions with anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 
 Banking regulators focus intensely on anti-money laundering compliance requirements. They also intensely scrutinize compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. Both federal and state banking regulators and examiners have been extremely aggressive in their supervision and examination of financial institutions located in the State of Florida with respect to institutions anti-money laundering compliance. 
 
 In order to comply with regulations, guidelines, and examination procedures in this area, the Bank has been required to adopt policies and procedures and to install expensive systems. If our policies, procedures, and systems are deemed deficient, then we may be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan including acquisition plans. 
 
 Higher FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to legal limits and, accordingly, subject the Bank to the payment of FDIC deposit insurance assessments. The Bank s regular assessments are determined by its risk classification, which is based on its regulatory capital levels and the level of supervisory concern that it poses. Any increases in assessment rates or special assessments which may occur in the future could reduce our profitability or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 The FASB has issued an accounting standard update that will result in a significant change in how we recognize credit losses and may have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB has issued an accounting standard update, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which replaces the current incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses with an expected loss model. This model is commonly referred to as CECL. Under CECL, effective January 1, 2023, we are required to present certain financial assets carried at amortized cost, such as loans held for investment and held-to-maturity debt securities, at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is to be based on information about past events (including historical experience), current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. This measurement will take place at the time the financial asset is first added to the balance sheet and periodically thereafter. This differs from the incurred loss model previously required. Accordingly, the adoption of the CECL model may affect how we determine our allowance for credit loan losses and could require us to significantly increase our allowance. Moreover, the CECL model may create more volatility in the level of our allowance for credit losses. If we are required to materially increase our level of allowance for credit losses for any reason, such increase could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company adopted this ASU on January 1, 2023. The Company currently expects that the initial adjustment to the allowance for loan losses will be a decrease of approximately 1.9 million, net of taxes, bringing the ratio of allowance to total loans from 1.20 to 0.76 . 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK 
 
 The limited trading market may make it difficult for you to sell your shares in the future. 
 
 Shares of our common stock trade on the OTCQX market under the symbol, PMHG. However, there is limited trading activity in our common stock which may make it difficult for you to sell your shares and may depress the prices at which you would be able to sell your shares. A public market having depth and liquidity depends on having enough buyers and sellers at any given time. Without an active trading market, shareholders may find it difficult to find buyers for their shares. The price at which you may be able to sell your shares may also be subject to volatility due to the size of, and activity in, the market for them. Investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time. 

Our Board of Directors owns a significant percentage of our shares and will be able to make decisions to which you may be opposed. 
 
 As of February 28, 2023, the Company s directors and executive officers as a group owned 738,173 shares of common stock, or 23.2 of our outstanding common stock. In addition, the directors and executive officers have stock options to acquire 168,250 shares of common stock, which, if fully exercised, would result in them owning 27.0 of our outstanding common stock. Our directors and executive officers are expected to exert a significant influence on the election of Board members and on the direction of the Company. This influence could negatively affect the price of our shares or be inconsistent with other shareholders desires. 

21

We have pledged the outstanding shares of the Bank to secure a loan and if we cannot repay the loan or continue to refinance the loan, the lender may foreclose on the loan and take ownership of the Bank. 
 
 We have pledged 100 of the outstanding shares of the Bank s capital stock to secure a line of credit for PMHG. If we do not have cash available at PMHG or we are unable to fund dividends from the Bank to PMHG, we will not be able to make principal or interest payments due on any line of credit draws. If we cannot repay or refinance them on or prior to maturity, the lender may foreclose on the pledged stock and take ownership of the Bank, in which case, we will not have any source of revenue and it would be unlikely that we would continue to operate. 
 
 We may face statutory and other restrictions on our ability to pay dividends in the immediate future. 
 
 In January 2023, the Board of Directors declared an annual dividend of 0.22 per share on our common stock, payable on February 28, 2023 to shareholders of record as of February 9, 2023. PMHG s ability to pay dividends to our shareholders depends on our retention of capital from our stock offerings and our possible receipt of dividends from the Bank. The Bank is also subject to restrictions on dividends as a result of banking laws, regulations, and policies. If PMHG has not retained sufficient capital, or access to capital, and the Bank elects not to, or is unable to, pay dividends to PMHG, then it is unlikely that PMHG will be able to pay dividends to its shareholders. 
 
 In addition, PMHG has a line of credit. Should we take draws on that line of credit, our obligation to make interest and principal payments will reduce the amount of cash available to pay dividends on common stock. In addition, PMHG or the Bank may issue additional debt. Payments on such debt would further reduce the amount of money available to PMHG to pay common stock dividends. 
 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2 Properties 
 
 We operated out of four facilities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Location 
 
 Use 
 
 Own or Lease 
 
 Year First Occupied 

1897 Capital Circle NE Tallahassee, Florida 32308 
 
 Branch office and operations center of the Bank 
 
 Own 
 
 2012 

1471 Timberlane Road Tallahassee, Florida 32312 
 
 Executive office and headquarters of the Company and main office of the Bank 
 
 Lease 
 
 2007 

2201 Crawfordville Highway Crawfordville, Florida 32327 
 
 Branch office of the Bank 
 
 Own 
 
 2016 

3340 South Florida Avenue Lakeland, Florida 33803 
 
 Branch office of the Bank 
 
 Own 
 
 2019 

Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we are a party to various matters incidental to the conduct of a banking business. Presently, we are not a party to any legal proceedings in which resolution would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operation, cash flows, or capital levels. 
 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder s Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company's stock is traded on the OTCQX, an interdealer quotation system, under the symbol "PMHG." As of February 28, 2023, there were 311 record holders of common stock. Quotations on the OTCQX reflect interdealer prices, without retail mark-up or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 
 
 Share Repurchase 
 
 We repurchased no shares of our common stock in 2022. 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 During 2022, the Company issued 5,002 shares to members of its Board of Directors in lieu of cash fees. To incentivize our directors to elect to receive stock, they receive shares valued at 110 of the otherwise-payable cash fees. In 2022, such shares were valued at 131,000 and were all issued in accordance with the benefit plan exemption from registration pursuant to SEC Rule 701. 
 
 Also during 2022, the Company issued 10,203 restricted stock shares to employees as part of their compensation. The shares were valued at 284,000 at the date of grant and were issued in accordance with the benefit plan exemption from registration pursuant to SEC Rule 701. 
 
 The equity compensation plan information presented in Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

22

Item 6: Reserved 

23

Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Certain information in this report may include forward-looking statements as defined by federal securities law. Words such as may, could, should, would, believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan, project, is confident that, and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and a variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. We do not have a policy of updating or revising forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by law, and silence by management over time should not be construed to mean that actual events are occurring as estimated in such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our operations and the operations of our subsidiary, Prime Meridian Bank, include, but are not limited to, changes in the following: 

local, regional, and national economic and business conditions; 

banking laws, compliance, and the regulatory environment; 

unanticipated changes in the U.S. and global securities markets, public debt markets, and other capital markets; 

monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government; 

litigation, tax, and other regulatory matters; 

demand for banking services, both loan and deposit products in our market area; 

quality and composition of our loan or investment portfolios; 

risks inherent in making loans such as repayment risk and fluctuating collateral values; 

competition; 

attraction and retention of key personnel, including our management team and directors; 

technology, product delivery channels, and end user demands and acceptance of new products; 

fraud committed by our clients or persons doing business with our clients; 

consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; 

any failure or breach of our operational systems, information systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers, including cyber-attacks; 

application and interpretation of accounting principles and guidelines; 

natural disasters, public unrest, adverse weather, public health and other conditions impacting our or our clients operations; 

and other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, or technological factors affecting us. 

General 
 
 The following discussion and analysis present our financial condition and results of operations on a consolidated basis. However, because we conduct all of our material business operations through the Bank, the discussion and analysis relate to activities primarily conducted at the subsidiary level. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 As a one-bank holding company, we generate most of our revenue from interest on loans and investments. Our primary source of funding for our loans is deposits. Our largest expenses are interest on those deposits, salaries plus related employee benefits, and occupancy and equipment. We measure our performance through our net interest margin, return on average assets, return on average equity, and ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets, while maintaining appropriate regulatory leverage and risk-based capital ratios. 
 
 Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and with prevailing practices within the banking industry. Application of these principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes; therefore, our financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to accounting measurements and estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. When applying accounting policies in areas that are subjective in nature, the Bank must use its best judgment to arrive at the carrying value of certain assets. The most critical accounting policy applied is the valuation of our subsidiary bank's loan portfolio. A variety of estimates impact the carrying value of the loan portfolio including the calculation of the allowance for loan losses, the valuation of underlying collateral, the timing of loan charge-offs, and the amount and amortization of loan fees and deferred origination costs. 

24

We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under current circumstances. These assumptions form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from independent, objective sources. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. Use of alternative assumptions may have resulted in significantly different estimates and actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
 We have identified the following accounting policy and estimate as critical. In order to understand our financial condition and results of operations, it is important to comprehend how these assumptions apply to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses . Our allowance for loan losses ALLL is established through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings as specific loan losses are identified by management and as inherent loan losses are determined to exist. Loan losses are charged against the ALLL when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ALLL. 
 
 Our ALLL is evaluated for adequacy by management on a monthly basis and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loan portfolio in light of historical experience in the industry, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, prevailing economic conditions and industry standards. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 
 
 Specific loan losses are identified and evaluated in accordance with ASC 310-10 Receivables. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment status include payment status and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not considered as impaired. We look at the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. 
 
 When a loan is considered impaired, the amount of the impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis by comparing the recorded investment in the loan to any of the following measurements: the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. If the recorded investment in the loan is higher than the calculated impairment basis, the difference is maintained as a specific loan loss allocation, or it is charged off if the amount is determined to be uncollectible. As the Bank grows, management may elect to collectively evaluate large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans for impairment, instead of on a loan-by-loan basis. 
 
 Inherent loan losses are evaluated in accordance with ASC 450-20 Contingencies. Management currently uses three years of historical loan loss data; however, because of limited loss experience we also take into account the following qualitative factors: (i) changes in lending policies and procedures, risk selection and underwriting standards; (ii) changes in national, regional and local economic conditions that affect the collectability of the loan portfolio; (iii) changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; (iv) changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, nonaccrual loans or loans classified Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful or Loss; (v) the quality of loan review; (vi) changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio and terms of loans; (vii) the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations; (viii) changes in collateral dependent loans; and (ix) the effect of other external factors, trends or uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses, such as competition and industry conditions. As evidence of inherent loan loss increases, the appropriate qualitative risk factors may be increased to support any additional risk in the portfolio. 
 
 Recent Interest-Rate Trends 
 
 Like many other financial institutions, our results of operations are dependent on net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest received on interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities, namely deposits and borrowings. We are unable to predict changes in market interest rates, which are affected by many factors beyond our control including inflation, economic conditions, unemployment, money supply, domestic and international events, and changes in the United States and other financial markets. Our net interest income may be reduced if (i) more interest-earning assets than interest-earning liabilities reprice or mature during a time when interest rates are declining, or (ii) more interest-bearing liabilities than interest-earning assets reprice or mature during a time when interest rates are rising. We measure the potential adverse impacts of changing interest rates by shocking average interest rates up or down 100 to 400 basis points and calculating the potential impacts on our net interest income, liquidity, and EVE. We utilize the results of these simulations to determine whether to increase or decrease our fixed rate loan portfolio, to adjust our investment in assets such as bonds, or to take other action in order to maintain or improve our net interest margin given the trending or expected interest rate changes. 

25

As of December 31, 2022, 418.3 million, or 70.2 , of our loan portfolio consisted of adjustable-rate loans, meaning these loans will adjust with changes in interest rates and pose less interest rate risk in a rising interest rate environment. Of these, loans totaling 396.0 million, or approximately 66.5 of the total loan portfolio, have interest rate floors which will help protect our net interest margin in a decreasing rate environment. On the other hand, 129.4 million, or 21.7 have interest rate ceilings in place which protects the borrower from interest rates rising beyond a certain level. The majority of our loans with ceilings in place are residential mortgage loans with additional repricing ability of 3.00 - 5.00 until a ceiling will be reached. Also as of December 31, 2022, 171.0 million, or 28.7 , of the total loan portfolio was scheduled to mature in five years or less, which helps mitigate the risks of the fixed-rate portion of our loan portfolio in a rising interest rate environment. 
 
 If interest rates increase, borrowers may be less inclined to seek new loans. In addition, higher interest rates could adversely affect an adjustable-rate borrower s ability to continue servicing debt. 
 
 Furthermore, our ability to originate new loans may be further impeded by increased competition for high quality borrowers which leads to downward pricing pressure on loans, a general consumer and business bias towards reducing debt levels, and the effects of a potential economic recession in the future on the financial condition of both consumers and businesses which could make the underwriting of new loans more challenging. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 
 A principal objective of the Bank s asset liability management strategy is to manage its exposure to changes in interest rates within Board approved policy limits by matching the maturity and re-pricing characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. This strategy is overseen through the direction of the Bank s Asset and Liability Committee ALCO ), which establishes policies and monitors results to control interest rate sensitivity. 
 
 We model our current interest rate exposure in various rate scenarios, review our model assumptions, and then stress test those assumptions. Based on the results, we then formulate strategies regarding asset generation, funding sources and their pricing parameters, as well as evaluate off-balance sheet commitments in order to maintain interest rate risk within Board approved target limits. We utilize industry recognized asset liability models driven by third-party providers to analyze the Bank s interest rate sensitivity. From these externally generated reports, ALCO can estimate both the effect on net interest income and the effect on EVE in various interest rate scenarios. 
 
 As a part of the Bank s Interest Rate Risk Management Policy, our ALCO examines the extent to which the Bank s assets and liabilities are interest rate sensitive and monitors its interest rate sensitivity. An asset or liability is considered to be interest rate sensitive, for income purposes, if its projected income/expense amount will change if interest rates change. Likewise, it is considered interest rate sensitive for EVE if its economic value will change if interest rates change. 
 
 In an asset sensitive portfolio, the Bank s net income and EVE will increase in a rising rate environment as assets will re-price faster than liabilities. Conversely, if the Bank is liability sensitive and the liabilities re-price faster than the assets, net income and EVE will fall in a rising rate environment. 
 
 In modeling the Bank s interest rate exposure, the Bank makes a number of important assumptions about the behavior of assets and liabilities. The critical assumptions fall into three main categories, nonmaturity deposit assumptions, asset prepayment assumptions, and optionality. Currently, the most significant assumption which affects the Bank s interest rate sensitivity is the nonmaturity deposit assumption, followed by the asset prepayment assumptions and optionality. 
 
 Nonmaturity Deposit Assumptions 
 
 Nonmaturity Deposit Betas The beta of a nonmaturity deposit is a measure of the anticipated pricing behavior of the deposit. Based on the Bank s own historical experience, the Bank determines how much the price of a deposit will change as a percentage of the change in the market rates. For example, a 50 beta means that the deposit price will change by 50 of the market rate change. 
 
 Nonmaturity Decay We determine how sticky deposits are by assigning a 120-month maturity to our nonmaturity transaction deposit accounts. These assumptions are based on our own experience by looking at both the age of the current deposit base and the historic monthly account closing and balance migration experience. The lower the beta (more fixed rate nature) and the higher the decay (longer duration), the less interest rate sensitive a bank becomes, from an EVE perspective, in a rising interest rate environment. Conversely, higher betas combined with lower decay rates results in higher interest rate sensitivity in a rising interest rate environment. 
 
 Asset Prepayment Assumptions 
 
 We also determine how likely each earning asset is to prepay prior to its contracted maturity date. As refinancing rates become increasingly attractive, prepayment speeds increase as clients are able to prepay loans and refinance at lower rates. Conversely, prepayments decrease in a rising rate environment. 
 
 Loan prepayment speed changes are not linear; they will continue to increase as rates fall but will plateau as rates rise. Therefore, the Bank s asset prices will not change linearly with market rate changes. The higher the prepayment speed of assets, the more liability sensitive the Bank becomes. The Bank monitors its prepayments and updates the assumptions used in the risk models on an annual basis. 
 
 In addition, certain balance sheet instruments such as interest-rate floors or caps on loans, be they periodic or lifetime, and other optionality on investments such as call features on debt securities, limit or increase income and create value changes of the instrument as interest rates change. 
 
 Option Risk 
 
 We monitor our exposure to option-type effects and manage our option risk. The amount of option risk, aside from prepayment risk, is minimal. 
 
 We monitor our exposure on a monthly basis under thirteen different rate scenarios, including rates rising or declining by up to 4 and the current yield curve flattening or steepening. We compare these results to the Board s established limits to determine if a limit has been compromised. If a limit is exceeded, we have policies and strategies in place to reduce the exposure to acceptable levels. In addition, we also stress test all of our assumptions under these rate scenarios to determine at what point the Board approved target limits would be compromised, even if they are not currently compromised using the historically determined assumptions. If the limits are in danger of being compromised with relatively small assumption changes, we would adjust our strategy to reduce exposure. All of these assumptions, reports, stress tests, and strategies are reviewed by ALCO at least quarterly and all limit exceptions are reported to the Board monthly. 
 
 Our strategy is to maintain an interest rate risk position within the tolerance limits set by the Board of Directors in order to protect our net interest margin under extreme market fluctuations. Principal among our asset liability management strategies has been the emphasis on reducing exposure during periods of fluctuating interest rates. We believe that the type and amount of our interest rate sensitive liabilities should reduce the potential impact that a rise in interest rates might have on our net interest income. 
 
 We look to maintain a core deposit base by providing quality services to our clients, without significantly increasing our cost of funds or operating expenses. We anticipate that these accounts will continue to comprise a significant portion of the Bank s total deposit base. We also maintain a portfolio of liquid assets in order to reduce overall exposure to changes in market interest rates. Likewise, we maintain a floor, or minimum rate, on certain of our floating or published base rate loans. These floors allow us to continue to earn a higher rate when the floating rate falls below the established floor rate. All interest rate ceilings and floors are clearly and closely related to the loan agreement; therefore, they are not bifurcated and valued separately. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, both our EVE and one-year net interest income sensitivity position were slightly liability sensitive in most of the measured interest rate scenarios, such that an immediate and parallel shift in interest rates beyond the forward rate curve would have a negative impact on our EVE and one-year net interest income over the next twelve months. Our ALCO model shows that the effects would be minimal and fall within Board approved limits for all interest rate scenarios. 

26

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net interest income constitutes the principal source of income for the Bank and results from the excess of interest income on interest-earning assets over interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. The principal interest-earning assets are investment securities and loans. Interest-bearing liabilities primarily consist of time deposits, interest-bearing checking accounts, savings deposits, money-market accounts, and other borrowings. Funds attracted by these interest-bearing liabilities are invested in interest-earning assets. Accordingly, net interest income depends upon the volume of average interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities and the interest rates earned or paid on these assets and liabilities. 
 
 The table below sets forth information regarding: (i) the total dollar amount of interest and dividend income of the Bank from interest-earning assets and the resultant average yields; (ii) the total dollar amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant average costs; (iii) net interest income; (iv) interest rate spread; (v) net interest margin; and (vi) weighted-average yields and rates. Yields and costs were derived by dividing annualized income or expense by the average balance of assets or liabilities. The yields and costs depicted in the table include the amortization of fees, which are considered to constitute adjustments to yields (dollars in thousands). As shown in the table below, year over year, the yield on the average balance of interest-earning assets increased 39 basis points, while the average balance of interest-earning assets increased 92.7 million, or 12.9 . The average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased 6 basis points while the average balance of total interest-bearing liabilities increased 17.7 , or 84.9 million. The noticeable lag in rising deposit costs started to dissipate in the fourth quarter of 2022 as competition from higher-yielding investment alternatives intensified. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Interest 

Interest 

Average 

and 

Yield/ 

Average 

and 

Yield/ 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Balance 

Dividends 

Rate 

Balance 

Dividends 

Rate 

Interest-earning assets: 

Loans (1) 

537,304 

25,803 

4.80 

480,606 

22,598 

4.70 

Loans held for sale 

9,852 

418 

4.24 

13,066 

452 

3.46 

Debt securities 

126,102 

2,938 

2.33 

64,125 

1,086 

1.69 

Other (2) 

139,614 

1,581 

1.13 

162,417 

268 

0.17 

Total interest-earning assets 

812,872 

30,740 

3.78 

720,214 

24,404 

3.39 

Noninterest-earning assets 

39,400 

31,362 

Total assets 

852,272 

751,576 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Savings, NOW and money-market deposits 

518,777 

2,315 

0.45 

427,284 

1,653 

0.39 

Time deposits 

42,536 

264 

0.62 

51,371 

369 

0.72 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

561,313 

2,579 

0.46 

478,655 

2,022 

0.42 

Other borrowings 

4,016 

200 

4.98 

1,770 

58 

3.28 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

565,329 

2,779 

0.49 

480,425 

2,080 

0.43 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

213,570 

200,713 

Noninterest-bearing liabilities 

7,824 

5,259 

Stockholders' equity 

65,549 

65,179 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

852,272 

751,576 

Net earning assets 

247,543 

239,789 

Net interest income 

27,961 

22,324 

Interest rate spread (3) 

3.29 

2.96 

Net interest margin (4) 

3.44 

3.10 

Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 

1.44 

1.50 

(1) Includes nonaccrual loans 

(2) Other interest-earning assets include federal funds sold, interest-bearing deposits and FHLB stock. 

(3) Net interest spread is the difference between the total interest-earning asset yield and the rate paid on total interest 

(4) Net interest margin is net interest income divided by total average interest-earning assets. 

27

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 2022 vs. 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Net Interest Income 

27,961 

22,324 

5,637 

25.3 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

890 

(104) 

994 

(955.8) 

Noninterest income 

1,934 

2,506 

(572) 

(22.8) 

Noninterest expense 

16,268 

14,070 

2,198 

15.6 

Income Taxes 

3,056 

2,517 

539 

21.4 

Net earnings 

9,681 

8,347 

1,334 

16.0 

Compared to 2021, the 1.3 million, or 16.0 , increase in net earnings in 2022 is primarily attributed to a higher volume of loans and securities, and secondarily, to higher yields on interest-earning assets. The increase in provision expense is mostly attributed to funded loan growth. The decrease in noninterest income primarily reflects an industry-wide decline in mortgage banking activity due to the rising rate environment while approximately 70 of the increase in noninterest expense can be tied to higher salaries and employee benefits. Income tax expense increased due to higher income before taxes in 2022 and a higher tax rate (24.0 in 2022 compared to 23.2 in 2021.) 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Our operating results depend primarily on our net interest income, which is the difference between interest and dividend income on interest-earning assets such as loans and investments, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowings. Net interest income was 28.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 22.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 2022 vs. 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Interest income: 

Loans 

26,221 

23,050 

3,171 

13.8 

Securities 

2,938 

1,086 

1,852 

170.5 

Other 

1,581 

268 

1,313 

489.9 

Total interest income 

30,740 

24,404 

6,336 

26.0 

Interest expense: 

Deposits 

2,579 

2,022 

557 

27.5 

Other borrowings 

200 

58 

142 

244.8 

Total interest expense 

2,779 

2,080 

699 

33.6 

Net interest income 

27,961 

22,324 

5,637 

25.3 

Year over year, the 6.3 million, or 26.0 , increase in total interest income is predominantly due to higher average balances and higher yields on loans and debt securities. Higher yields on all categories of interest-earning assets, particularly cash, also played a material role, partially offset by a 2.6 million decrease in interest and fee income from PPP loans. Total interest expense was impacted by higher average balances of savings, NOW, and money-market deposit accounts and increased other borrowings as well as higher rates on these two categories. 
 
 Provision for Loan Losses 
 
 The 994,000 increase in provision (credit) for loan loss expense is mostly attributed to funded loan growth. The level of provision expense was also impacted by 281,000 in year-to-date net recoveries and partially offset by a marginal reduction in the general reserve requirement for commercial loans. 

28

Noninterest Income 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 2022 vs. 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Service charges and fees on deposit accounts 

302 

245 

57 

23.3 

Debit card/ATM revenue, net 

540 

470 

70 

14.9 

Mortgage banking revenue, net 

473 

1,174 

(701) 

(59.7) 

Income from bank-owned life insurance 

379 

271 

108 

39.9 

Gain on sale of debt securities available for sale 

- 

108 

(108) 

N/A 

Other income 

240 

238 

2 

0.8 

Total noninterest income 

1,934 

2,506 

(572) 

-22.83 

The decline in noninterest income is primarily attributed to lower mortgage banking revenue due to a decline in new mortgage loans and refinancings resulting from the rising interest rate environment in 2022. Increases in service charges and fees on deposit accounts and fee income from debit cards and ATM mostly reflect the Bank's growing number of accounts. Increases in income from bank-owned life insurance follows the Bank's larger investment in this asset in 2021 while other income stayed relatively flat. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 2022 vs. 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Salaries and employee benefits 

9,627 

8,093 

1,534 

19.0 

Occupancy and equipment 

1,621 

1,546 

75 

4.9 

Professional fees 

514 

483 

31 

6.4 

Marketing 

793 

707 

86 

12.2 

FDIC Assessment 

360 

316 

44 

13.9 

Software maintenance, amortization and other 

1,162 

975 

187 

19.2 

Other 

2,191 

1,950 

241 

12.4 

Total noninterest expense 

16,268 

14,070 

2,198 

15.6 

The 2.2 million increase in total noninterest expense is predominantly a function of higher salaries and employee benefits due to higher headcount (the Company reported 107 full-time equivalents (FTEs) at the end of 2022 compared to 94 at the end of 2021), annual raises, higher incentive accrual and lower deferred loan costs. Marketing costs increased in 2022 largely due to a strategic campaign initiated in the fourth quarter to retain deposit accounts. Higher software, maintenance, amortization and other expense reflects technology investments that will help the Bank become more effective and efficient while the increase in other noninterest expense is largely attributed to higher travel expense and board related expenses. 

Income Taxes 
 
 The provision for income taxes increased 539,000 to 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, attributed to higher earnings before taxes in 2022. The Company's effective income tax rate in 2022 was 24.0 , compared to 23.2 in 2021. A lower effective state income tax rate in 2021 also benefited net earnings for that year. 

29

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding changes in interest income and interest expense for the years indicated. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: (i) changes in rate (change in rate multiplied by prior volume); (ii) changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate); and (iii) changes in rate-volume (change in rate multiplied by change in volume). As disclosed in the table below, the higher volume of loans was the primary driver of the increase in net interest income in 2022. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 versus 2021 

Rate 

Volume 

Rate/Volume 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Interest-earning assets: 

Loans 

608 

2,497 

66 

3,171 

Securities 

408 

1,050 

394 

1,852 

Other interest-earning assets 

1,571 

(38) 

(220) 

1,313 

Total 

2,587 

3,509 

240 

6,336 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Savings, NOW and money-market deposits 

254 

354 

54 

662 

Time deposits 

(50) 

(64) 

9 

(105) 

Total Deposits 

204 

290 

63 

557 

Other borrowings 

30 

74 

38 

142 

Total 

234 

364 

101 

699 

Total change in net interest income 

2,353 

3,145 

139 

5,637 

30

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Average interest-earning assets increased 92.7 million from 720.2 million at December 31, 2021 to 812.9 million at December 31, 2022, mostly reflecting growth in our loan and securities portfolios. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 Our investment securities portfolio is a significant part of our operations and a key component of our asset/liability management. Our primary objective in managing our investment portfolio is to maintain a portfolio of high quality, highly liquid investments yielding competitive returns. We use the investment securities portfolio for several purposes. It serves as a vehicle to manage interest rate and prepayment risk, to generate interest and dividend income, to provide liquidity to meet funding requirements, and to provide collateral for pledging of public funds. We manage our investment portfolio according to a written investment policy approved by our Board of Directors in order to accomplish these goals. Currently, two types of classifications are approved for investment securities in our portfolio - Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity. Adjustments are sometimes necessary in the portfolio to provide liquidity for funding loan demand and deposit fluctuations and to control interest rate risk. Therefore, from time to time, management may sell certain securities prior to their maturity. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our available-for-sale investment portfolio included U.S. government treasury and agency securities, municipal securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities and had a fair market value of 129.4 million. Our held-to-maturity portfolio included municipal securities and U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities and had a fair market value of 9.9 million. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investment securities portfolio represented approximately 17.3 and 8.8 of our total assets, respectively. The average balance of investment securities nearly doubled from 64.1 million in 2021 to 126.1 million in 2022, while the average yield on investment securities increased from 1.69 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 2.33 for the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, we had no securities classified as held-to-maturity. 
 
 The following table sets forth the carrying amount of the investment portfolio as of the dates indicated: 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Available for Sale: 

U.S. Government treasury and agency securities 

45,905 

2,919 

Municipal securities 

19,464 

17,769 

U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 

60,502 

48,465 

Asset backed securities 

3,565 

4,610 

Total debt securities available for sale 

129,436 

73,763 

Held to Maturity: 

Municipal securities 

9,215 

- 

U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 

2,590 

- 

Total debt securities held to maturity 

11,805 

- 

The carrying amount and weighted average yields for investments as of December 31, 2022 are shown below: 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 U.S. Government Agency 

Municipal 

Mortgage- Backed 

Asset-Backed 

Total 

Weighted-Average Yields 

Available for Sale: 

Due within one year 

1,967 

- 

- 

- 

1,967 

2.42 

Due in one to five years 

41,993 

3,554 

- 

- 

45,547 

2.37 

Due in five to ten years 

1,945 

13,920 

- 

- 

15,865 

2.13 

Due after ten years 

- 

1,990 

- 

3,565 

5,555 

4.50 

U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 

- 

- 

60,502 

- 

60,502 

2.27 

Total debt securities available for sale 

45,905 

19,464 

60,502 

3,565 

129,436 

2.39 

Held to Maturity: 

Due in five to ten years 

- 

2,023 

- 

- 

2,023 

3.71 

Due after ten years 

- 

7,192 

- 

- 

7,192 

3.27 

U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 

- 

- 

2,590 

- 

2,590 

3.66 

Total debt securities held to maturity 

- 

9,215 

2,590 

- 

11,805 

3.43 

All securities are listed at actual yield and not on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 
 Cash Surrender Value of Bank-Owned Life Insurance 
 
 We recorded investments of 16.5 million and 16.2 million in bank-owned life insurance policies at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to attractive risk-adjusted returns and for protection against the loss of key executives, including our Chief Executive Officer Sammie D. Dixon and all of our Executive Vice Presidents- Senior Lender, Chris L. Jensen, Jr., Chief Banking Officer, Kyle D. Phelps, Chief Risk Officer, Susan Payne Turner, Chief Financial Officer, Clint F. Weber, and Chief Information Officer, Monte L Ward. The Company increased its investment in bank-owned life insurance in 2021 in order to expand coverage to additional key personnel. 
 
 Loans 
 
 Our primary earning asset is our loan portfolio and our primary source of income is the interest earned on the loan portfolio. Our loan portfolio is divided into three portfolio segments - real estate mortgage loans, commercial loans and consumer and other loans - and five portfolio classes - commercial real estate loans, residential and home equity loans, construction loans, commercial loans, and consumer and other loans. 
 
 We work diligently to attract new lending clients through direct solicitation by our loan officers, utilizing relationship networks from existing clients and community involvement, competitive pricing, and innovative structure. Evidence of this effort is seen in the organic growth in our loan portfolio where we saw growth across the all of the Bank's portfolio classes in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s gross loans were 595.6 million, representing 73.1 of total assets, compared to gross loans of 496.9 million as of December 31, 2021, representing 59.1 of total assets. These loans were priced based upon the degree of risk, collateral, loan amount, and maturity. 

31

The composition of our loan portfolio as of the dates indicated was as follows: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

of Total 

Amount 

of Total 

Amount 

of Total 

Real estate mortgage loans: 

Commercial 

202,263 

34.0 

156,306 

31.5 

133,473 

27.6 

Residential and home equity 

224,211 

37.6 

183,536 

36.9 

158,120 

32.7 

Construction 

75,151 

12.6 

71,164 

14.3 

44,466 

9.2 

Total real estate mortgage loans 

501,625 

84.2 

411,006 

82.7 

336,059 

69.5 

Commercial 

86,308 

14.5 

78,584 

15.8 

141,542 

29.2 

Consumer and other loans 

7,698 

1.3 

7,283 

1.5 

6,312 

1.3 

Total loans 

595,631 

100.0 

496,873 

100.0 

483,913 

100.0 

Less: 

Net deferred loan costs (fees) 

229 

(701) 

(1,160) 

Allowance for loan losses 

(7,145) 

(5,974) 

(6,092) 

Loans, net 

588,715 

490,198 

476,661 

Maturities of Loans 
 
 The following tables show the contractual maturities of the Bank s loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Loans with scheduled maturities are reported in the maturity category in which the payment is due. Demand loans with no stated maturity and overdrafts are reported in the due one year or less category. Loans that have adjustable rates are shown as amortizing to final maturity rather than when the interest rates are next subject to change. The tables do not include prepayment or scheduled principal repayments. 

(in thousands) 
 
 Due in One Year or Less 

Due in One to Five Years 

Due After Five Years 

Total 

Type of loans 

Real estate mortgage loans: 

Commercial 

2,107 

36,995 

163,161 

202,263 

Residential and home equity 

4,466 

12,184 

207,561 

224,211 

Construction 

32,157 

13,488 

29,506 

75,151 

Total real estate mortgage loans 

38,730 

62,667 

400,228 

501,625 

Commercial 

26,251 

36,115 

23,942 

86,308 

Consumer and other loans 

4,232 

3,031 

435 

7,698 

Total loans 

69,213 

101,813 

424,605 

595,631 

32

Sensitivity. For loans due after one year or more, the following table presents the sensitivities to changes in interest rates at December 31, 2022: 

(in thousands) 
 
 Fixed Interest Rate 

Floating Interest Rate 

Total 

Type of loans 

Real estate mortgage loans: 

Commercial 

90,668 

109,488 

200,156 

Residential and home equity 

32,400 

187,345 

219,745 

Construction 

7,844 

35,150 

42,994 

Total real estate mortgage loans 

130,912 

331,983 

462,895 

Commercial 

35,999 

24,058 

60,057 

Consumer and other loans 

1,711 

1,755 

3,466 

Total loans 

168,622 

357,796 

526,418 

Nonperforming Assets 
 
 Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans and other real estate owned OREO ). Nonperforming loans include loans that are on nonaccrual status and loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing interest. OREO consists of real property acquired through foreclosure. We account for troubled debt restructurings in accordance with ASC 310, Receivables. 
 
 We generally place loans on nonaccrual status when they become 90 days or more past due, unless they are well secured and in the process of collection. We also place loans on nonaccrual status if they are less than 90 days past due if the collection of principal or interest is in doubt. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, any interest previously accrued, but not collected, is reversed from income. 
 
 Accounting standards require the Bank to identify loans as impaired loans when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. These standards require that impaired loans be valued at the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, using one of the following methods: the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the underlying collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. We implement these standards in our monthly review of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses and identify and value impaired loans in accordance with guidance on these standards. 
 
 Our goal is to maintain a high quality of loans through sound underwriting and lending practices. As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and, 2020, approximately 84.2 , 82.7 , and 69.5 , respectively, of the total loan portfolio were collateralized by commercial and residential real estate mortgages. The level of nonperforming loans and OREO is relevant to the credit quality of a loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, nonperforming loans totaled 747,000 compared to none at December 31, 2021 and 1.3 million as of December 31, 2020. We had no OREO at December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 

33

The goal of the loan review process is to identify and address classified and nonperforming loans as early as possible. The following table sets forth certain information on nonperforming loans and OREO, the ratio of such loans and foreclosed assets to total assets as of the dates indicated, and certain other related information. 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Total nonperforming loans 

747 

- 

1,251 

OREO 

- 

- 

- 

Total nonperforming loans and foreclosed assets 

747 

- 

1,251 

Total nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans 

0.13 

- 

0.26 

Total nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets 

0.09 

- 

0.19 

Loans restructured as troubled debt restructurings 

2 

4 

65 

Troubled debt restructurings to loans 

0.00 

0.00 

0.01 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our ALLL was allocated to inherent loan losses using historical loss experience and qualitative risk factors. The 559,000 unallocated reserve that was established in 2020 in connection to the COVID-19 pandemic was gradually released in 2021. Our ALLL was allocated as follows, as of the indicated dates. 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

of Loans to Total Loans 

Amount 

of Loans to Total Loans 

Amount 

of Loans to Total Loans 

(dollars in thousands) 

Commercial real estate 

2,303 

34.0 

1,762 

31.5 

1,500 

27.6 

Residential real estate and home equity 

2,607 

37.6 

2,139 

36.9 

1,827 

32.7 

Construction 

922 

12.6 

857 

14.3 

539 

9.2 

Commercial 

1,223 

14.5 

1,125 

15.8 

1,592 

29.2 

Consumer 

90 

1.3 

91 

1.5 

75 

1.3 

Unallocated reserve 

- 

- 

- 

- 

559 

- 

Total loans 

7,145 

100.0 

5,974 

100.0 

6,092 

100.0 

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to activity in our ALLL during the years indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

ALLL at beginning of year 

5,974 

6,092 

4,414 

Charge-offs: 

Residential and home equity 

- 

(49) 

(48) 

Commercial 

- 

- 

(1,088) 

Consumer 

(49) 

(34) 

(69) 

Total charge-offs 

(49) 

(83) 

(1,205) 

Recoveries: 

Residential and home equity 

- 

39 

- 

Commercial 

299 

23 

17 

Consumer 

31 

7 

16 

Total recoveries 

330 

69 

33 

Provision (credit) for loan losses charged to earnings 

890 

(104) 

2,850 

ALLL at end of year 

7,145 

5,974 

6,092 

Ratio of net (charge-offs) recoveries during the year to average loans outstanding during the year 

(0.05) 

- 

(0.27) 

ALLL as a percentage of total loans at end of year 

1.20 

1.20 

1.26 

ALLL as a percentage of nonperforming loans 

956.49 

- 

486.90 

We believe that our ALLL at December 31, 2022, appropriately reflected the risk inherent in the portfolio as of that date. The methodologies used in the calculation are in compliance with regulatory policy and GAAP. Beginning in 2023, we will apply CECL in calculating our provision and ALLL. We do not anticipate this having a material impact on the amount of our provision expense, but we cannot be sure of the ultimate impact of CECL until we implement it and evaluate our results under its standards. The Company currently expects that the initial adjustment to the allowance for loan losses will be a decrease of approximately 1.9 million, net of taxes, bringing the ratio of allowance to total loans from 1.20 to 0.76 . 

34

Deposits 
 
 The major source of the Bank s funds for lending and other investment purposes are deposits, in particular core deposits and non-maturity deposits. Substantially all of our depositors are residents in our primary market areas. Total deposits were 731.5 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 762.9 million at December 31, 2021, a 31.4 million, or 4.1 , decrease. Noninterest-bearing deposits decreased by 11.4 million, while the net decrease in interest-bearing deposits was 20.0 million. The decrease in deposits is mostly attributed to the movement of personal interest-bearing accounts into higher yielding investments outside of the Bank as competitive rate pressures intensified in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 The following table sets forth the distribution by type of our deposit accounts at the dates indicated: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

of Deposits 

Amount 

of Deposits 

Deposit Types 

Noninterest-bearing 

197,987 

27.1 

209,351 

27.4 

Money-market accounts 

282,678 

38.6 

329,802 

43.2 

NOW 

175,200 

23.9 

144,898 

19.0 

Savings 

35,561 

4.9 

29,059 

3.8 

Subtotal 

691,426 

94.5 

713,110 

93.4 

Time deposits: 

0.00 - 0.50 

17,261 

2.4 

44,727 

5.9 

0.51 - 1.00 

4,174 

0.6 

631 

0.1 

1.01 - 1.50 

6,678 

0.9 

1,538 

0.2 

1.51 - 2.00 

1,000 

0.1 

720 

0.1 

2.01 - 2.50 

7,862 

1.1 

- 

- 

2.51 - 3.00 

2,634 

0.3 

2,216 

0.3 

4.01-4.50 

500 

0.1 

- 

- 

Total time deposits 

40,109 

5.5 

49,832 

6.6 

Total deposits 

731,535 

100.0 

762,942 

100.0 

The following table presents the maturities of our time deposits greater than 250,000 as of December 31, 2022: 

(in thousands) 

Time Deposits > 250,000 

Due in three months or less 

350 

Due from three months to six months 

9,566 

Due from six months to one year 

3,623 

Due over one year 

557 

Total 

14,096 

Borrowings 
 
 Deposits are the primary source of funds for our lending and investment activities and general business purposes. However, as an alternate source of liquidity, the Bank may obtain advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta FHLB sell investment securities subject to our obligation to repurchase them, purchase federal funds from designated correspondent banks, and engage in overnight borrowings from the Federal Reserve, correspondent banks, or client repurchase agreements. The level of short-term borrowings can fluctuate on a daily basis depending on funding needs and the source of the funds to satisfy the needs. 
 
 The Bank has an agreement with the FHLB and pledges its qualified loans as collateral which would allow the Bank, as of December 31, 2022, to borrow up to 100.8 million. There were no advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2020, the Company entered into a Promissory Note (the "Note") and a Security Agreement with Thomasville National Bank ("TNB") which is headquartered in Thomasville, Georgia. Pursuant to the Note, the Company obtained a 15 million revolving line of credit with a 5-year term. The interest rate adjusts daily to the then-current Wall Street Journal Prime Rate. At December 31, 2022 the interest rate on the line of credit was 7.50 . Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Company has pledged to TNB all of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, the Bank. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an outstanding loan balance under this line of 4.275 million and total interest expense of 200,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

35

Capital Adequacy 
 
 Stockholders equity was 67.1 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 67.0 million as of December 31, 2021. The Company announced in January 2023, an annual dividend of 0.22 per share of common stock payable on February 28, 2023 to stockholders of record on February 9, 2023. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was considered to be well capitalized with a 9.70 Tier 1 Leverage ratio, a 12.90 Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-based Capital ratio and Tier 1 Risk-based Capital ratio, and a 14.04 Total Risk-based Capital ratio. 

Actual 

For Capital Adequacy Purposes 

For Well Capitalized Purposes 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Percentage 

Amount 

Percentage 

Amount 

Percentage 

As of December 31, 2022 

Tier 1 Leverage ratio to Average Assets 

81,100 

9.70 

33,461 

4.00 

41,826 

5.00 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

81,100 

12.90 

28,290 

4.50 

40,863 

6.50 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

81,100 

12.90 

37,720 

6.00 

50,294 

8.00 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

88,245 

14.04 

50,294 

8.00 

62,867 

10.00 

As of December 31, 2021 

Tier 1 Leverage ratio to Average Assets 

70,548 

8.53 

33,071 

4.00 

41,338 

5.00 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

70,548 

13.45 

23,596 

4.50 

34,083 

6.50 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

70,548 

13.45 

31,461 

6.00 

41,948 

8.00 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

76,522 

14.59 

41,948 

8.00 

52,435 

10.00 

Threshold Ratios 

Common Equity 

Total 
 Tier 1 
 Tier 1 
 Tier 1 

Capital 
 Risk-Based 
 Risk-Based 
 Risk-Based 
 Leverage 

Category 
 Capital Ratio 
 Capital Ratio 
 Capital Ratio 
 Capital Ratio 

Well capitalized 
 
 10.00 
 
 8.00 
 
 6.50 
 
 5.00 

Adequately Capitalized 
 
 8.00 
 
 6.00 
 
 4.50 
 
 4.00 

Undercapitalized 

Significantly Undercapitalized 

Critically Undercapitalized 
 Tangible Equity/Total Assets 2 

The Federal banking regulatory agencies adopted a rule to simplify the methodology for measuring capital adequacy for smaller, uncomplicated banks. The CBLR is calculated as the ratio of tangible equity capital divided by average total consolidated assets. CBLR tangible equity is defined as total equity capital, prior to including minority interests, and excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, goodwill, and other intangible assets (other than mortgage servicing assets. Beginning in 2020, a qualifying organization may elect to use the CBLR framework if its CBLR is greater than 9 . The Bank has not elected to use the CBLR framework because it would not receive any material benefit with respect to compliance or reporting. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity describes our ability to meet financial obligations, including lending commitments and contingencies, which arise during the normal course of business. Liquidity is primarily needed to meet the borrowing and deposit withdrawal requirements of the Company s clients, as well as meet the Company s current and planned expenditures. Management monitors the liquidity position daily. 
 
 PMHG has a 15,000,000 revolving line of credit, with a five-year term, with TNB. At December 31, 2022, the Company's outstanding borrowings under this line totaled 4.275 million. 
 
 The Bank s liquidity is derived primarily from our deposit base, scheduled amortization and prepayments of loans and investment securities, funds provided by operations, and capital. Additionally, as a commercial bank, we are expected to maintain an adequate liquidity position. The liquidity position may consist of cash on hand, cash on demand deposit with correspondent banks, federal funds sold, and marketable securities such as United States government treasury and agency securities, municipal securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities. Our primary liquid assets, excluding pledged securities, accounted for 19.1 and 35.1 of total assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Bank also has external sources of funds through the FHLB, unsecured lines of credit with correspondent banks, and the State of Florida s Qualified Public Deposit Program QPD ). At December 31, 2022, the Bank had access to approximately 100.8 million of available lines of credit secured by qualifying collateral with the FHLB, in addition to 59.0 million in unsecured federal funds lines of credit maintained with correspondent banks. As of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings under any of these lines. Some of our securities are pledged to collateralize certain deposits through our participation in the State of Florida s QPD program. The market value of securities pledged to the QPD program was 13.3 million at December 31, 2022. 

36

Our core deposits consist of noninterest-bearing accounts, NOW accounts, money-market accounts, time deposits and savings accounts. We closely monitor our level of certificates of deposit 250,000 and greater and other large deposits. At December 31, 2022, total deposits were 731.5 million, of which 14.1 million was in certificates of deposits greater than 250,000. We maintain a Contingency Funding Plan CFP that identifies liquidity needs and weighs alternate courses of action designed to address those needs in emergency situations. We perform a monthly cash flow analysis and stress test the CFP to evaluate the expected funding needs and funding capacity during various liquidity stress scenarios. We believe that the sources of available liquidity are adequate to meet all reasonably immediate short-term and intermediate-term demands and do not know of any trends, events, or uncertainties that may result in a significant adverse effect on our liquidity position. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into various transactions that are not included in our consolidated balance sheets in accordance with GAAP. These transactions include commitments to extend credit in the ordinary course of business to approved clients, construction loans in process, unused lines of credit, guaranteed accounts, and standby performance and financial letters of credit. These instruments may involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Generally, loan commitments have been granted on a temporary basis for working capital or commercial real estate financing requirements or may be reflective of loans in various stages of funding. These commitments are recorded on our financial statements as they are funded. Commitments typically have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Loan commitments include unused commitments for open-end lines secured by one-to-four family residential properties and commercial properties, commitments to fund loans secured by commercial real estate, construction loans, business lines of credit and other unused commitments. 
 
 Guaranteed accounts are irrevocable standby letters of credit issued by us to guarantee a client s credit line with our third-party credit card company, First Arkansas Bank Trust. As a part of this agreement, we are responsible for the established credit limit on the particular account plus 10 . The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make is represented by the dollar amount disclosed in the table below. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are written conditional commitments issued by us to guarantee the client will fulfill his or her contractual financial obligations to a third party. In the event the client does not perform in accordance with the terms of the agreement with the third party, we would be required to fund the commitment. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make is represented by the contractual amount of the commitment. If the commitment is funded, we would be entitled to seek repayment from the client. 
 
 We minimize our exposure to loss under loan commitments, guaranteed accounts, and standby letters of credit by subjecting them to credit approval and monitoring procedures. The effect on our revenues, expenses, cash flows, and liquidity of the unused portions of these commitments cannot be reasonably predicted because there is no guarantee that the lines of credit will be used. 
 
 The following is a summary of the total contractual amount of commitments outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Commitments to extend credit 

10,667 

5,400 

Construction loans in process 

61,991 

63,552 

Unused lines of credit 

77,268 

72,886 

Standby financial letters of credit 

3,319 

2,938 

Standby performance letters of credit 

- 

100 

Guaranteed accounts 

1,425 

1,367 

Total off-balance sheet instruments 

154,670 

146,243 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Not required. 

37

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

PRIME MERIDIAN HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 39 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 40 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 41 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 42 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 43 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 44 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the Years Then Ended 45-70 

38

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 
 Prime Meridian Holding Company 
 Tallahassee, Florida: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Prime Meridian Holding Company and Subsidiary (the "Company"), as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, the Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Evaluation of General Reserve Portion of the Allowance for Loan Losses - Evaluation of the Qualitative Adjustments 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, management determines the general reserve portion of the allowance for loan losses using actual historical loss experience for each individual loan category, as well as evaluating whether qualitative adjustments are necessary. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan losses was 7.1 million which consists of two components: the allowance for loans individually evaluated for impairment ("specific reserves") and the allowance for loans collectively evaluated for impairment ("general reserve"). At December 31, 2022, 14,000 was included in the specific reserves and 7.1 million was included in the general reserves. The general reserve covers loans that are not individually classified as impaired. In evaluating whether qualitative adjustments are necessary, management considers (1) changes in lending policies and procedures, risk selection and underwriting standards; (2) changes in national, regional and local economic conditions that affect the collectability of the loan portfolio; (3) changes in the experience, ability, and depth of management and other relevant staff; (4) changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, nonaccrual loans or loans classified special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss; (5) quality of loan review; (6) changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio and terms of loans; (7) the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations; (8) changes in collateral values ; and (9) the effect of other external factors, trends or uncertainties that could affect management's estimate of probable losses, such as competition and industry conditions. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the evaluation of qualitative adjustments used in the calculation of the general reserve portion of the allowance for loan losses is a critical audit matter are as follows: Significant judgment used by management when evaluating the qualitative adjustments, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing audit procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the qualitative adjustments. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included among others, testing management s process for evaluating qualitative adjustments by (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology management used in evaluating the qualitative adjustments, (ii) testing the inputs and assumptions used in the estimate of qualitative adjustments, including the completeness and accuracy of underlying historical loss data, and (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the qualitative adjustments given current microeconomic trends and portfolio characteristics. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 HACKER, JOHNSON SMITH PA 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 
 
 March 9, 2023 

39

PRIME MERIDIAN HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Assets 
 Cash and due from banks 
 Federal funds sold 
 Interest-bearing deposits 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 Debt securities available for sale 
 Debt securities held to maturity (fair value of 9,917 in 2022) 
 Loans held for sale 
 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of 7,145 and 5,974 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 Premises and equipment, net 
 Right of use lease asset 
 Deferred tax asset 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 Bank-owned life insurance 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 Liabilities: 
 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 
 Savings, NOW and money-market deposits 
 Time deposits 
 Total deposits 
 
 Other borrowings 
 Official checks 
 Operating lease liability 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (notes 4, 8, and 15) 
 
 Stockholders' equity: 
 
 Preferred stock, undesignated; 1,000,000 shares authorized, none issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, .01 par value; 9,000,000 shares authorized, 3,164,491 and 3,129,046 issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

40

PRIME MERIDIAN HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 Consolidated Statement s of Earnings 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Interest income: 

Loans 

Debt securities 

Other 

Total interest income 

Interest expense: 

Deposits 

Other borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

() 

Net interest income after provision (credit) for loan losses 

Noninterest income: 

Service charges and fees on deposit accounts 

Debit card/ATM revenue, net 

Mortgage banking revenue, net 

Income from bank-owned life insurance 

Gain on sale of debt securities available for sale 

Other income 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expense: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy and equipment 

Professional fees 

Advertising 

FDIC assessment 

Software maintenance, amortization and other 

Other 

Total noninterest expense 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net earnings 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

41

PRIME MERIDIAN HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Change in unrealized loss on debt securities available for sale: 

Unrealized loss arising during the year 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for realized gain 

() 

Net change in unrealized loss 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

42

PRIME MERIDIAN HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Additional Compre- Total 
 Common Stock Paid-in Retained hensive Stockholders' 
 Shares Amount Capital Earnings Loss Equity 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Net earnings - 
 Dividends paid - 
 Net change in unrealized loss on debt securities available for sale, net of income tax benefit of 501 - 
 Stock options exercised 
 Common stock issued as compensation to directors 
 Issuance of restricted stock 
 Stock-based compensation - 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 Net earnings - 
 Dividends paid - 
 Net change in unrealized loss on debt securities available for sale, net of income tax benefit of 3,362 - 
 Stock options exercised 
 Common stock issued as compensation to directors 
 Issuance of restricted stock 
 Stock-based compensation - 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

43

PRIME MERIDIAN HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 Consolidated Statement s of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

() 

Net accretion of deferred loan fees 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Gain on sale of debt securities available for sale 

() 

Amortization of premiums and discounts on debt securities 

() 

Gain on sale of loans held for sale 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the sale of loans held for sale 

Loans originated as held for sale 

() 

() 

Stock issued as compensation to directors 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Income from bank-owned life insurance 

() 

() 

Net (increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable 

() 

Net change in operating leases 

Net increase in other assets 

() 

() 

Net increase in other liabilities and official checks 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Loan originations, net of principal repayments 

() 

() 

Purchase of debt securities available for sale 

() 

() 

Purchase of debt securities held to maturity 

() 

Principal repayments of debt securities available for sale 

Proceeds from the sale of debt securities available for sale 

Maturities and calls of debt securities available for sale 

(Purchase) redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

() 

Purchase of bank-owned life insurance 

() 

Purchase of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net (decrease) increase in deposits 

() 

Net change in other borrowings 

Proceeds from stock options exercised 

Common stock dividends paid 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Noncash transactions: 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net change in unrealized loss on debt securities available for sale, net of tax benefit 

() 

() 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

44

PRIME MERIDIAN HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the Years Then Ended 

of the outstanding common stock of Prime Meridian Bank (the "Bank") (collectively the "Company"). PMHG s primary activity is the operation of the Bank. The Bank is a Florida state-chartered commercial bank. The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured up to the applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). The Bank offers a variety of community banking services to individual and corporate clients through its banking offices located in Tallahassee, Crawfordville, and Lakeland, Florida and its online banking platform. The following is a description of the significant accounting policies and practices followed by the Company, which conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and prevailing practices within the banking industry. 

compared to at December 31, 2021 . At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , fair values exceeded book values in the aggregate. 

Allowance for Loan Losses, Continued. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower's prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis for all loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. 

Income Taxes, Continued . A tax position that meets the more-likely-than- not recognition threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The determination of whether or not a tax position has met the more-likely-than- not recognition threshold considers the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date and is subject to management's judgment. As of December 31, 2022 , management is not aware of any uncertain tax positions that would have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of evidence available, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of income tax expense. The Company files consolidated income tax returns. Income taxes are allocated to the Holding Company and Bank as if separate income tax returns were filed. 

million, net of taxes, bringing the ratio of allowance to total loans from to . The Company does not expect adoption of the standard to have a material impact to its held-to-maturity debt securities portfolio, which is comprised of securities guaranteed either explicitly or implicitly by government-sponsored entities. While available-for-sale debt securities are not subject to the CECL allowance requirement, the new guidance requires the Company to record an allowance for available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized position if a portion of the unrealized loss is credit related. The Company does not expect adoption of the standard to have a material impact to available-for-sale securities upon adoption. 

Municipal securities 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total 
 
 Debt Securities Held to Maturity 
 Municipal securities 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 
 Total 
 
 At December 31, 2021 
 Debt Securities Available for Sale 
 U.S. Government treasury and agency securities 
 Municipal securities 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total 

Debt securities available for sale measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below: 

Municipal securities 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total 
 
 At December 31, 2021 
 Debt Securities Available for Sale 
 U.S. Government treasury and agency securities 
 Municipal securities 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total 

The scheduled maturities of debt securities are as follows: 

Due in one to five years 
 Due in five to ten years 
 Due after ten years 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 Total 
 
 Debt Securities Held to Maturity 
 Due in five to ten years 
 Due after ten years 
 Total 

The following summarizes sales of debt securities available for sale: 

Gross gains 
 Gross losses 
 Net gain on sale of securities 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , debt securities with a fair value of and , respectively, were pledged as collateral for public deposits. 
 
 Debt securities with unrealized losses aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, are as follows: 
 Municipal securities 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total 
 
 Debt Securities Held to Maturity 
 Municipal securities 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 
 Total 
 
 At December 31, 2021 
 Debt Securities Available for Sale 
 U.S. Government treasury and agency securities 
 Municipal securities 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total 

The unrealized losses on one hundred six ) and twenty-six ) debt securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, were caused by market conditions. It is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the par value of the investments. Because the decline in fair value is attributable to market conditions and not credit quality, and because the Company has the ability and intent to hold these investments until a market price recovery or maturity, these investments are not considered other-than-temporarily impaired. 

Residential and home equity 
 Construction 
 Total real estate mortgage loans 
 
 Commercial loans 
 Consumer and other loans 
 Total loans 
 
 Add (Deduct): 
 Net deferred loan costs (fees) 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 Loans, net 

The Company has divided the loan portfolio into three portfolio segments and five portfolio classes, each with different risk characteristics and methodologies for assessing risk. All loans are underwritten based upon standards set forth in the policies approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The portfolio segments and classes are identified by the Company as follows: 
 
 Real Estate Mortgage Loans. Real estate mortgage loans are typically divided into three classes: commercial, residential and home equity, and construction. The real estate mortgage loans are as follows: 
 
 Commercial. Loans of this type are typically our more complex loans. This category of real estate loans is comprised of loans secured by mortgages on commercial property that are typically owner-occupied, but also includes nonowner-occupied investment properties. Commercial loans that are secured by owner-occupied commercial real estate are repaid through operating cash flow of the borrower. The maturity for this type of loan is generally limited to three to five years; however, payments may be structured on a longer amortization basis. Typically, interest rates on our commercial real estate loans are fixed for five years or less after which they adjust based upon a predetermined spread over an index. At times, a rate may be fixed for longer than five years. As part of our credit underwriting standards, the Company typically requires personal guarantees from the principal owners of the business supported by a review of the principal owners personal financial statements and tax returns. As part of the enterprise risk management process, it is understood that risks associated with commercial real estate loans include fluctuations in real estate values, the overall strength of the borrower, the overall strength of the economy, new job creation trends, tenant vacancy rates, environmental contamination, and the quality of the borrowers management. In order to mitigate and limit these risks, we analyze the borrowers cash flow and evaluate collateral value. Currently, the collateral securing our commercial real estate loans includes a variety of property types, such as office, warehouse, and retail facilities. Other types include multifamily properties, hotels, mixed-use residential, and commercial properties. Generally, commercial real estate loans present a higher risk profile than our consumer real estate loan portfolio. 
 
 Residential and Home Equity. The Company offers first and second one -to- four family mortgage loans, multifamily residential loans, and home equity lines of credit. The collateral for these loans is generally on the clients owner-occupied residences. Although these types of loans present lower levels of risk than commercial real estate loans, risks do still exist because of possible fluctuations in the value of the real estate collateral securing the loan, as well as changes in the borrowers financial condition. The nonowner-occupied investment properties are more similar in risk to commercial real estate loans, and therefore, are underwritten by assessing the property s income potential and appraised value. In both cases, we underwrite the borrower s financial condition and evaluate his or her global cash flow position. Borrowers may be affected by numerous factors, including job loss, illness, or other personal hardship. As part of our product mix, the Company offers both portfolio and secondary market mortgages; portfolio loans generally are based on a -year, -year, -year, or -year adjustable-rate mortgage; while -year or -year fixed-rate loans are generally sold to the secondary market. 
 
 Construction. Typically, these loans have a construction period of one to two years and the interest is paid monthly. Once the construction period terminates, some of these loans convert to a term loan, generally with a maturity of one to ten years. This portion of our loan portfolio includes loans to small and midsized businesses to construct owner-user properties, loans to developers of commercial real estate investment properties, and residential developments. This type of loan is also made to individual clients for construction of single-family homes in our market area. An independent appraisal is used to determine the value of the collateral and confirm that the ratio of the loan principal to the value of the collateral will not exceed policies of the Company. As the construction project progresses, loan proceeds are requested by the borrower to complete phases of construction and funding is only disbursed after the project has been inspected by a third -party inspector or experienced construction lender. Risks associated with construction loans include fluctuations in the value of real estate, project completion risk, and changes in market trends. The ability of the construction loan borrower to finance the loan or sell the property upon completion of the project is another risk factor that also may be affected by changes in market trends since the initial funding of the loan. 
 
 Commercial Loans. The Company offers a wide range of commercial loans, including business term loans, equipment financing, lines of credit, and U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) loans to small and midsized businesses. Small-to-medium sized businesses, retail, and professional establishments, make up our target market for commercial loans. Our Relationship Managers primarily underwrite these loans based on the borrower s ability to service the loan from cash flow. Lines of credit and loans secured by accounts receivable and/or inventory are monitored periodically by our staff. Loans secured by all business assets, or a blanket lien are typically only made to highly qualified borrowers due to the nonspecific nature of the collateral and do not require a formal valuation of the business collateral. When commercial loans are secured by specifically identified collateral, then the valuation of the collateral is generally supported by an appraisal, purchase order, or third -party physical inspection. Personal guarantees of the principals of business borrowers are usually required. Equipment loans generally have a term of five years or less and may have a fixed or variable rate; we use conservative margins when pricing these loans. Working capital loans generally do not exceed one year and typically, they are secured by accounts receivable, inventory, and personal guarantees of the principals of the business. The Company currently offers SBA 504 and SBA 7A loans. SBA 504 loans provide financing for major fixed assets such as real estate and equipment while SBA 7A loans are generally used to establish a new business or assist in the acquisition, operation, or expansion of an existing business. With both SBA loan programs, there are set eligibility requirements and underwriting standards outlined by SBA that can change as the government alters its fiscal policy. Significant factors affecting a commercial borrower s creditworthiness include the quality of management and the ability both to evaluate changes in the supply and demand characteristics affecting the business markets for products and services and to respond effectively to such changes. These loans may be made unsecured or secured, but most are made on a secured basis. Risks associated with our commercial loan portfolio include local, regional, and national market conditions. Other factors of risk could include changes in the borrower s management and fluctuations in collateral value. Additionally, there may be refinancing risk if a commercial loan includes a balloon payment which must be refinanced or paid off at loan maturity. In reference to our risk management process, our commercial loan portfolio presents a higher risk profile than our consumer real estate and consumer loan portfolios. Therefore, we require that all loans to businesses must have a clearly stated and reasonable payment plan to allow for timely retirement of debt, unless secured by liquid collateral or as otherwise justified. 
 
 Consumer and Other Loans. These loans are made for various consumer purposes, such as the financing of automobiles, boats, and recreational vehicles. The payment structure of these loans is normally on an installment basis. The risk associated with this category of loans stems from the reduced collateral value for a defaulted loan; it may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the principal. The underwriting on these loans is primarily based on the borrower s financial condition. Therefore, both secured and unsecured consumer loans subject the Company to risk when the borrower s financial condition declines or deteriorates. Based upon our current trend in consumer loans, management does not anticipate consumer loans will become a substantial component of our loan portfolio at any time in the foreseeable future. Consumer loans are made at fixed and variable interest rates and are based on the appropriate amortization for the asset and purpose. 
 
 An analysis of the change in the allowance for loan losses follows: 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 Net recoveries (charge-offs) 
 Ending balance 
 
 At December 31, 2022 
 Individually evaluated for impairment: 
 Recorded investment 
 Balance in allowance for loan losses 
 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment: 
 Recorded investment 
 Balance in allowance for loan losses 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Beginning balance 
 Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 Net (charge-offs) recoveries 
 Ending balance 
 
 At December 31, 2021 
 Individually evaluated for impairment: 
 Recorded investment 
 Balance in allowance for loan losses 
 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment: 
 Recorded investment 
 Balance in allowance for loan losses 

The following summarizes the loan credit quality: 

Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Loss 
 Total 
 
 At December 31, 2021 
 Grade: 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Loss 
 Total 

The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. 
 
 The Company analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. Loans classified as substandard or special mention are reviewed quarterly by the Company for further deterioration or improvement to determine if they are appropriately classified and whether there is any impairment. All loans are graded upon initial issuance. Further, construction and nonowner-occupied commercial real estate loans and commercial relationships in excess of million are reviewed at least annually. The Company determines the appropriate loan grade during the renewal process and reevaluates the loan grade in situations when a loan becomes past due. 
 
 Loans excluded from the review process above are generally classified as pass credits until: (a) they become past due; (b) management becomes aware of deterioration in the credit worthiness of the borrower; or (c) the client contacts the Company for a modification. In these circumstances, the loan is specifically evaluated for potential classification as to special mention, substandard or even charged-off. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 
 Pass A Pass loan s primary source of loan repayment is satisfactory, with secondary sources very likely to be realized if necessary. 
 
 Special Mention A Special Mention loan has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in the deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or the Company s credit position at some future date. Special Mention loans are not adversely classified and do not expose an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. 
 
 Substandard A Substandard loan is inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 Doubtful A loan classified Doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in one classified Substandard with the added characteristics that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
 
 Loss A loan classified Loss is considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as a bankable asset is not warranted. This classification does not necessarily preclude the potential for recovery, but rather signifies it is no longer practical to defer writing off the asset. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 , there were loans over thirty days past due and accruing, loans past due ninety days or more but still accruing and loans on nonaccrual status. Age analysis of past-due loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Residential and home equity 
 Construction 
 Commercial loans 
 Consumer and other loans 
 Total 
 
 At December 31, 2021: 
 Real estate mortgage loans: 
 Commercial 
 Residential and home equity 
 Construction 
 Commercial loans 
 Consumer and other loans 
 Total 

The following summarizes the amount of impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Commercial 
 Consumer and other loans 
 Total 
 
 At December 31, 2021 
 Consumer and other loans 
 Total 

The average net investment in impaired loans and interest income recognized and received on impaired loans by loan class is as follows: 

Residential and home equity 
 Commercial 
 Consumer and other loans 
 Total 

(in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Residential and home equity 
 Commercial 
 Total 

The restructuring of a loan constitutes a troubled debt restructuring TDR if the creditor grants a concession to the debtor that it would not otherwise consider in the normal course of business. A concession may include an extension of repayment terms which would not normally be granted, a reduction in interest rate or the forgiveness of principal and/or accrued interest. All TDRs are evaluated individually for impairment on a quarterly basis as part of the allowance for loan losses calculation. 
 
 As shown in the table below, the Company entered into new TDRs during the year ended December 31, 2022 and new TDR during the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

Total 

The TDR entered into during the year ended December 31, 2021 did subsequently default. At December 31, 2022 , the Company had loan identified as a TDR. 
 
 The Company grants the majority of its loans to borrowers throughout Leon County and Polk County, Florida. Although the Company has a diversified loan portfolio, a significant portion of its borrowers ability to honor their contracts is dependent upon the economy of this area. The Company does not have any significant concentrations to any one industry or client. 

Buildings 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 Computer and software 
 Total, at cost 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 Premises and equipment, net 

Right of use lease assets and operating lease liabilities are disclosed as separate line items in the consolidated balance sheets and are valued based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments at the commencement date. As our lease does not provide an implicit rate, we used our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the adoption date in determining the present value of future payments. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 The Company's operating lease obligation is for the Company's main office on Timberlane Road, Tallahassee, Florida. The term of the lease is years, with four options to renew for five years each. The lease is a fully net lease, with the Company separately paying real and personal property taxes, all special and third -party assessments, common area maintenance charges, maintenance costs and insurance expenses. 
 
 The components of lease expense and other lease information as of and during the year ended December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Cash paid for amount included in the measurement of operating 
 lease liability operating cash flows from operating lease 

Operating lease liability 
 Weighted average remaining lease term - operating lease (in years) 
 Weighted average discount rate 

Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable leases as of December 31, 2022, reconciled to our operating lease liability presented on the consolidated balance sheet are as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total future minimum lease payments 
 Less interest 
 Total 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 A schedule of maturities for all time deposits at December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2039 

Total 

million as of December 31, 2022 from the FHLB. There were advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021 . The Company also has available credit of million in lines of credit with correspondent banks. All draws under these lines are subject to approval by the correspondent bank. The Company also maintains a million revolving line of credit with a local bank. The Company has pledged all of the Bank's common stock as collateral for the revolving line of credit which matures in August, 2025 and bears interest at the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate. There was an outstanding balance of million under the revolving line of credit at December 31, 2022 and interest expense under this line of credit totaled and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

State 
 Total current 
 
 Deferred: 
 Federal 
 State 
 Total deferred 
 Total income taxes 

The reasons for the difference between the statutory Federal income tax rate and the effective tax rates are summarized as follows: 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 
 State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
 Tax-exempt income 
 Other nondeductible expenses 
 Total 

Tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Organizational and start-up costs 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Deferred compensation 
 Unrealized losses on securities available for sale 
 Operating lease liability 
 Other 
 Deferred tax assets 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Prepaid Expenses 
 Deferred loan costs 
 Premises and equipment 
 Right of use lease asset 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax asset 

The Company files consolidated income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and the State of Florida. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, or state and local income tax examinations by taxing authorities for years before 2019. 

at December 31, 2022. 

Guaranteed accounts are irrevocable standby letters of credit issued by us to guarantee a client s credit line with our
 third -party credit card company, First Arkansas Bank Trust. As a part of this agreement, we are responsible for the established credit limit on certain accounts plus
 . The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make is represented by the dollar amount disclosed in the table below.

Standby letters of credit and commitments to extend credit typically result in loans with a market interest rate when funded. 
 
 A summary of the contractual amounts of the Company s financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk at December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Construction loans in process 
 Unused lines of credit 
 Standby financial letters of credit 
 Guaranteed accounts 
 Total off-balance sheet instruments 

of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022 , stock options and restricted stock awards have been granted under the 2015 Plan. Taking into account the stock options that have been forfeited, options are available for grant at December 31, 2022. 
 
 A summary of the activity in the Company s 2015 Plan is as follows: 

Options granted 
 Options exercised 
 Options forfeited 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Options granted 
 Options exercised 
 Options forfeited 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The fair value of shares vested and recognized as compensation expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recognized an income tax benefit of with respect to share-based compensation in both 2022 and 2021 . At December 31, 2022 , there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the 2015 Plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 The fair value of each option granted was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 
 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield - 
 Expected stock volatility - 
 Expected life in years 
 Per share fair value of options issued during year 

The Company used the guidance in Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107 to determine the estimated life of options issued. Expected volatility is based on volatility of similar companies common stock. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The dividend yield is based on the Company s history and expectation of dividend payouts. 

Restricted Stock Issued under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 The Company issued restricted common stock shares to employees in 2022. Restricted common stock shares granted are vested equally over the span of 3 years. Stockholders of unvested restricted stock have the right to vote and the right to receive dividends declared on common stock, if any. A summary of restricted stock transactions follows: 

Restricted stock granted in 2020 
 Restricted stock granted in 2021 
 Restricted stock granted in 2022 
 Restricted stock vested at December 31, 2022 
 Non-vested restricted stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and , respectively, as expense and had in unrecognized expense at December 31, 2022 to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Directors' Plan 

The Directors Plan permits the Company s and the Bank s directors to elect to receive any compensation to be paid to them in shares of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to the Directors Plan, each director is permitted to make an election to receive shares of stock instead of cash. To encourage directors to elect to receive stock, the Directors Plan provides that if a director elects to receive stock, he or she will receive in common stock
 of the amount of cash fees set by the Board or the Compensation Committee. The value of stock to be awarded pursuant to the Directors Plan will be the closing price of a share of common stock as traded on the OTCQX or a price set by the Board or its Compensation Committee, acting in good faith, but in
 no case less than fair market value. In
 2022 and
 2021, the Board used the greater of quarter-end book value and quarter-end volume weighted average market price to determine what the fair market value of Prime Meridian common stock was for purposes of the Directors Plan. The maximum number of shares to be issued pursuant to the Directors Plan is limited to
 shares. In 
 2022 and
 2021 , our directors received
 and
 shares of common stock, respectively, in lieu of cash, under the Directors Plan. The Company recognized expense of
 and d uring the years ended
 December 31, 2022 and
 2021 , with respect to the Director s Plan. As of
 December 31, 2022, there were
 shares remaining available for grant which is approximately
 of the total shares outstanding as of the record date. 

and , respectively. 
 
 The Company has established non-qualified account balance deferred compensation plans to provide retirement benefits for certain officers of the Company. The Company is recognizing the expense of these plans as services are rendered using a discount rate of percent and a retirement age of sixty -five. The Company s expense in connection with these plans was and f or the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The accrued liability related to these agreements was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Such amounts are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Originated during the year 

Principal repayments 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Deposits at year-end 

In addition, the Company purchases various insurance policies through a company that employs the spouse of Director Jones. The premiums paid totaled million and million in 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and included health insurance premiums for employees. Mr. Jones interest in such premiums was and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Debt securities available for sale 

2 

Debt securities held to maturity 

2 

Loans held for sale 

3 

Loans, net 

3 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

3 

Accrued interest receivable 

3 

Bank owned life insurance 

3 

Derivative contract assets 

2 

Financial liabilities- 

Deposits 

3 

Other Borrowings 

3 

Derivative contract liabilities 

2 

Off-Balance Sheet financial instruments 

3 

per share of common stock payable on February 28, 2023 to shareholders of record as of February 9, 2023 . 

. 
 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and percentage (set forth in the table below) of total and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined) and of Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). Management believes, as of December 31, 2022 , that the Bank meets all capital adequacy requirements to which it is subject. 

As of December 31, 2022 , the Bank is well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as adequately capitalized, the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage percentages as set forth in the table. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the bank s category. The Bank s actual capital amounts and percentages are also presented in the table: 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 
 As of December 31, 2021: 
 Tier 1 Leverage ratio to Average Assets 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Effect of dilutive securities-incremental shares from assumed conversion of options 

Diluted EPS: 

Net earnings 

Weighted-average pay rate - interest rate swaps 
 Weighted-average receive rate - interest rate swaps 
 Weighted-average maturity (in years) - interest rate swaps 
 
 Net realized fair value adjustments: 
 Stand-alone derivatives - interest rate swaps (other assets) 
 Stand-alone derivatives - interest rate swaps (other liabilities) 

The Company is party to a collateral support agreement with its dealer counterparty. Such agreement requires that the Company or the dealer counterparty to maintain collateral based on the fair values of derivative instruments. In the event of default by a counterparty the non-defaulting counterparty would be entitled to the collateral. The Company does not require borrower counterparties to post cash collateral based on the fair values of borrower interest rate swaps. In the event of default of a borrower counterparty wherein the fair value of the derivative instrument is owed to the Company, the fair value is collected through a real property foreclosure or liquidation. 

Investment in subsidiary 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Liabilities: 

Other borrowings 

Accrued interest 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Expenses 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

Loss before earnings of subsidiary 

() 

() 

Net earnings of subsidiary 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash used in operating activities: 

Equity in earnings of subsidiary 

() 

() 

Stock issued as compensation 

Net change in other assets and other liabilities 

() 

Increase in interest payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investment activities- 

Cash infusion to subsidiary 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from other borrowings 

Common stock retirement 

Cash dividend paid 

() 

() 

Proceeds from stock options exercised 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

() 

Cash at beginning of the year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information- 

Noncash items: 

Net change in accumulated other comprehensive loss of subsidiary, net of change in 

unrealized loss on debt securities available for sale, net of tax benefit 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense of subsidiary 

P RIME MERIDIAN HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that PMHG files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based upon management's evaluation of those controls and procedures performed within the 90 days preceding the filing of this Report, our Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, subject to the limitations noted below, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 
 
 We intend to continually review and evaluate the design and effectiveness of PMHG's disclosure controls and procedures and to improve the Company s controls and procedures over time and to correct any deficiencies that we may discover in the future. The goal is to ensure that senior management has timely access to all material financial and non-financial information concerning the Company s business. While we believe the present design of the disclosure controls and procedures is effective to achieve its goal, future events affecting its business may cause the Company to modify its disclosure controls and procedures. 
 
 (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Such internal controls over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company consulted with an external consulting firm to assist in management s evaluation of the adequacy of the Bank s policies and procedures in the areas of internal operational controls and safeguarding of assets, and when applicable, compliance with regulatory guidelines. The Company and the consultant used the 2013 criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework to perform the assessment. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of PMHG s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 210.2-02(f), which permits the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Controls 
 
 We have made no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 (d) Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. 
 
 The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

71

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The Boards of Directors of the Company and the Bank are each composed of the same fourteen members. The members of both Boards of Directors are elected each year for one-year terms. Our shareholders elect the Company s Board of Directors, while the Company (as the sole shareholder), elects the Board of Directors of the Bank. Executive officers of the Company and of the Bank are elected annually by the respective Boards of Directors. 
 
 During 2022, each member of the Board of Directors was an independent director using the standards set forth under Section 5600 of the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules, except for Mr. Dixon, Mr. Guemple, Mr. Jensen, Mrs. Jones, and Mr. Micallef. 
 
 The following table lists the names and ages of all directors and executive officers of the Company and the Bank and indicates all positions and offices with the Company and the Bank held by each person, as of December 31, 2022. Also included in the table is the year in which each person commenced service with the Company and a brief description of the current occupation of each director or executive officer. There are no arrangements or understandings between such persons and any other person pursuant to which any person was elected as a director or executive officer. 

Position with the 
 
 Position with the 
 
 Director 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Company 
 
 Bank 
 
 Since 
 
 Principal Occupation 
 
 Independent 

Kenneth H. Compton 

54 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2019 
 
 CEO, Founder, Compton Associates, Private Wealth Advisors 

William D. Crona 

74 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2010 
 
 Financial Consultant, Investor retired CPA 

Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 

53 
 
 CEO, President, Vice Chairman Director 
 
 CEO, President, Vice Chairman Director 

2010 
 
 Chief Executive Officer President 

Steven L. Evans 

75 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2010 
 
 Retired IBM Executive 

R. Randy Guemple 

71 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2010 
 
 Retired Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Chris L. Jensen, Jr. 

66 
 
 EVP, Director 
 
 SLO, EVP, Director 

2010 
 
 Executive Vice President, Senior Lender 

Kathleen C. Jones 

69 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2011 
 
 Retired Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Robert H. Kirby 

56 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2010 
 
 Businessman, Partner in Rehab Technologies and Huxford Land Co. 

Frank L. Langston 

65 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2010 
 
 Principal of NAI TALCOR 

Michael A. Micallef, Jr. 

73 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2019 
 
 Retired SVP, Market President Lakeland office 

Kyle D. Phelps 

42 
 
 EVP, CBO 
 
 EVP, CBO 

N/A 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer 

L. Collins Proctor, Sr. 

53 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2010 
 
 Principal / Director of FSM (Facility Solutions Management) 

Garrison A. Rolle, M.D. 

61 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2010 
 
 Orthopedic Surgeon 

Steven D. Smith 

70 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

2010 
 
 Businessman, Krispy Kreme Doughnut Franchisee 

Susan Payne Turner 

56 
 
 EVP, CRO 
 
 EVP, CRO 

N/A 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer 

Monte L. Ward 

41 
 
 EVP, CIO 
 
 EVP, CIO 

N/A 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer 

Clint F. Weber 

41 
 
 EVP, CFO 
 
 EVP, CFO 

N/A 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Richard A. Weidner 

78 
 
 Chairman Director 
 
 Chairman Director 

2010 
 
 Retired CPA, Partner with Carr, Riggs Ingram, LLC 

72

The following sets forth a brief description of each director and executive officer s principal occupation and business experience, and certain other information. There are no family relationships between any directors or executive officers. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 Sammie D. Dixon, Jr., age 53, was part of the management team and Board that formed both the Bank and Prime Meridian. He is the Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Prime Meridian and the Bank. Prior to joining the Bank, from June 2005 to December 2006, he was the Senior Vice President and Commercial Sales Manager for Regions Bank in Tallahassee, Florida. Before that, he served as Chief Executive Officer and President for Bank of Thomas County from August 2003 to June 2005. From April 1999 to 2003, Mr. Dixon held various positions with Bank of Florida Southwest in Naples, Florida. He began his banking career with NationsBank in 1997. Mr. Dixon previously served as an Administrative Committee Member of the American Bankers Association s Community Bankers Council. He is a former Campaign Co-Chair of the United Way of the Big Bend where he also served as a director. He is a member of the Independent Community Bankers of America's Legislative Issues Committee, the Tallahassee Memorial HealthCare Foundation Board of Trustees and the TaxWatch Board of Trustees. Mr. Dixon is the Immediate Past Chair and currently serves on the board of the Greater Tallahassee Chamber of Commerce. He serves on the boards of the Florida Bankers Association and The Boys and Girls Clubs of the Big Bend. Mr. Dixon attends Saint Peter s Anglican Church. 
 
 Clint F. Weber, age 41, has been with the Bank since 2013. He is presently the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank and Prime Meridian. Prior to joining the Bank, he was Vice President and held various credit positions at Premier Bank and its successor financial institution Centennial Bank from 2008 to 2013. From 2003 to 2008, he was a Financial Institution Examiner at the Florida Office of Financial Regulation. Mr. Weber s work experience includes credit risk management, regulatory compliance, accounting and asset/liability management. Mr. Weber is a graduate of Florida State University where he received a Bachelor of Science in Finance and Real Estate. He is also a graduate of the Florida School of Banking at the University of Florida. 
 
 Chris L. Jensen, Jr., age 66, was part of the management team and Board that formed both the Bank and Prime Meridian. He is an Executive Vice President of Prime Meridian and the Bank s Executive Vice President and Senior Lender. Prior to joining the Bank, from February 2005 to 2007, he served as Tallahassee Market President for Regions Bank. Before that, Mr. Jensen held various management positions with SouthTrust Bank from 1997 to 2005, culminating with the position of Tallahassee s Market President. He also served as Senior Lender for First Bank of Tallahassee in its de novo stage in 1990. Mr. Jensen has over forty years of lending experience in Tallahassee and the surrounding markets. He is active in the community and currently serves on the Boards of several local groups, including the Suwannee River Area Council for the Boy Scouts of America and the Young Actors Theatre. 
 
 Susan Payne Turner, age 56, has been with the Bank since 2013. She is presently the Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Bank and Prime Meridian. Mrs. Turner began her banking career in 1983. From 2010 to 2013, she was a Regional Retail Leader for Centennial Bank, where she managed ten branches located in Leon, Wakulla, Calhoun and Liberty Counties. Mrs. Turner is a graduate of Florida State University and received a Master of Business Administration from Troy University in 2005. She is a Certified Enterprise Risk Professional. She is also a graduate from the Graduate School of Banking at Louisiana State University. Mrs. Turner serves as Chair for the Florida Bankers Education Foundation. She is Past Chair and serves as Director Emeritus for the Tallahassee Community College Foundation. She also serves as Past Chair for the Tallahassee Community College Alumni and Friends Association and Director Emeritus on the Board for the Wakulla County Chamber of Commerce. She is a member of the Coastal Optimist Club, is the Associate Director of the Wakulla County Historical Society and serves as Vice Chair on the Board for the Community Foundation of North Florida. 
 
 Kyle D. Phelps, age 42, became Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer (CBO) of Prime Meridian Bank and Prime Meridian Holding Company in August, 2021. Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Phelps was formerly a Commercial Banking and Specialty Lending Executive for Capital City Bank from 2018 to 2021, where he oversaw corporate banking, commercial loan participations, institutional banking, asset-based lending, factoring, treasury management, Small Business Administration (SBA) lending, warehouse lending, and indirect auto lending. From 2007 to 2018, Mr. Phelps held various commercial banking and management positions at Capital City Bank. Mr. Phelps work experience includes commercial banking and private banking management, commercial real estate lending, and commercial special assets. He holds certifications as a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and Certified Treasury Professional (CTP). Mr. Phelps is a graduate of Liberty University and received a Master of Business Administration from the University of Florida. He serves on the Boards of the Tallahassee Downtown Redevelopment Commission and Tallahassee Young Life. He also served on the Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Big Bend Board. Mr. Phelps is a former Chair for the Foundation for Leon County Schools and former member of the executive board for the Tallahassee Builders Association. 
 
 Mont L. Ward, age 41, has been with the Bank since 2011. He is presently the Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of the Bank and Prime Meridian. Prior to joining the Bank, he was Assistant Vice President and held various operational, compliance and information technology positions at Premier Bank from 2002 to 2011. Mr. Ward has a background in software programming and hacking/intrusion. He holds various certifications and designations such as Certified Information Systems Security Professional, Certified Information Security Manager, Certified Regulatory Compliance Manager, Accredited ACH Professional and others in technology, security, risk, and compliance. He is a graduate of Florida Agricultural Mechanical University where he received a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering. He received a Master of Science in Cybersecurity from National University. Mr. Ward is also a graduate of the American Bankers Association Stonier Graduate School of Banking and the Wharton Leadership Program at the University of Pennsylvania. 

73

Company and Bank Directors 
 
 Kenneth H. Compton, age 54, was elected to Prime Meridian s and the Bank s Boards in May 2019. He is the Founder, President and CEO of Compton Associates, Private Wealth Advisors, which focuses on asset management, retirement planning, estate planning, and business transition planning. Mr. Compton serves as the Chair of the Governance, Compensation, and Nominating Committee, member of Executive, Audit, and Loan committees and is the Vice Chair for Gulf Atlantic Bank, Key West, Florida. He was also a director of Community Southern Holdings, Inc. and Community Southern Bank beginning in 2013, where he served as Chairman of the Loan and Compensation committees, and served on the Audit committee and ALCO. He remained on the Boards until their sale to Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. in 2015. He then joined the Board of Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. and served, as the Sarbanes-Oxley Financial Expert on the Audit Committee, until its sale to CenterState Bank Corporation in 2018. His background includes a Juris Doctor degree from the Cumberland School of Law at Samford University, a Master of Law degree from the University of Denver, Sturm College of Law and Daniels College of Business, and a Bachelor of Arts Degree in International Studies and Foreign Policy from Rhodes College. He has served as an adjunct professor of finance and insurance, as a vesting agent under the Florida Comprehensive Land Use Plan, and as a past Executive Vice President of the Highlands County Board of Realtors. Mr. Compton serves on the Board of Baycare s Bartow Regional Medical Center and Main Street Ft. Meade. He also served on the Board of the Southeastern University Foundation. 
 
 William D. Crona, age 74, is a founding member of the Boards of the Bank and Prime Meridian. He is a retired certified public accountant. In 2005, he retired from a twenty-three-year career with the accounting firm of Law, Redd, Crona and Munroe, P.A., Tallahassee, Florida, where he served as a partner. He currently is a financial consultant and investor in the Tallahassee area. Mr. Crona serves on the Boards of the Apalachee Land Conservancy, Manchebo Beach Resort Hotel, TEC Incorporated, SAVA, and the City of Tallahassee Citizen Advisory Board. 
 
 Steven L. Evans, age 75 , is a founding member of the Boards of the Bank and Prime Meridian. He retired from a thirty-year career with IBM in 2003 where he served as Vice President of its North American Education business and IBM s Senior State Executive for its Florida operations. After graduating from the University of Michigan, Mr. Evans played in the St. Louis Cardinal baseball organization for six years before joining IBM. Mr. Evans currently serves on the Boards of the Florida Taxwatch Research Institute, Ghost Controls, Inc., Vineyard Capital, Fringe Benefits Management Corporation, Kyra Infotech Group and is the Chairman of the Economic Vitality Leadership Council. He is also a member of the FSU Research GAP Committee and a member of the Presidential Advisory Council for Indian River State College. 
 
 R. Randy Guemple, age 71, is a founding member of the Boards of the Bank and Prime Meridian. He retired as Prime Meridian s and the Bank s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in March 2019. He was formerly a certified public accountant. Prior to assuming these offices, he was a retired bank executive, and served as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of First Bank of Florida in West Palm Beach, Florida. He is a Past Chairman of the Financial Managers Society, Inc., headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Mr. Guemple is a Past Chairman and current member of the Board of Trustees for the Tallahassee Memorial HealthCare Foundation, Inc. and Southern Scholarship Foundation, Inc. in Tallahassee, Florida. He is also Director Emeritus of Elder Care Services, Inc. and an active member of the Tallahassee Kiwanis Club. Mr. Guemple is a graduate of Florida State University (FSU) where he received a Bachelor of Science in Accounting and his Master of Business Administration. He played baseball while at FSU and is a member of Good Shepherd Catholic Church. 

Kathleen C. Jones, age 69, was part of the management team that formed both the Bank and Prime Meridian and has been a member of both Boards since 2011. She retired as Prime Meridian s and the Bank s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in December 2015. Prior to joining the Bank, she spent thirty-six years with SunTrust Bank and its Tallahassee predecessor institutions. Mrs. Jones retired from SunTrust Bank in 2007, at the position of North Florida Regional Senior Vice President, Senior Banking Operations Manager. She is a 1978 graduate of Florida State University where she received a Bachelor of Science in Finance. She also is a 1988 graduate of the Graduate School of Banking of the South in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Mrs. Jones is a member of Thomasville Road Baptist Church. 
 
 Robert H. Kirby, age 56 , was elected to Prime Meridian s and the Bank s Board in May 2010. He is a partner in Rehab Technologies, LLC, a medical equipment sales and leasing business, and Huxford Land Company, LLC, a land and timber company. Mr. Kirby currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Cedar Creek Land and Timber Company, Inc. and T.R. Miller Woodlands, Inc., and as a member of the management executive committees of T.R. Miller Mill Company, Inc. and Neal Land Alabama, Inc., all located in Brewton, Alabama. Mr. Kirby received a bachelor s degree from the University of the South, Sewanee, Tennessee and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa, Alabama. 
 
 Frank L. Langston, age 65, is a founding member of the Boards of the Bank and Prime Meridian. He has been a principal/owner, since 2000, with the real estate services company NAI TALCOR, located in Tallahassee, Florida. From 1990 to 2000, Mr. Langston was affiliated with NAI TALCOR as an independent contractor. After attending Auburn University, Mr. Langston entered the management training program of First Florida Banks in Tampa. While assigned to the Marketing Department, Mr. Langston gained valuable first-hand real estate experience in locating bank branch locations around the state. In addition, he participated in strategic planning, new product development, and market analysis. From 1981 to 1984, Mr. Langston served as Marketing Director with the responsibility of business development for the Tallahassee office. In May 1989, he entered the commercial real estate business specializing in retail and office sales and leasing, and bank-owned real estate. Mr. Langston is a Certified Commercial Investment Member, a Florida licensed broker-salesman, and an Alabama licensed broker. He is also a member of the National Association of Realtors, the Florida Association of Realtors, and the Tallahassee Association of Realtors. He currently serves on the Board of Anna s Foundation, Advisory Board of the Master of Real Estate Development Program at Auburn University and the Community Board of the Tallahassee Campus of the Florida State University, College of Medicine. 
 
 Michael A. Micallef, Jr., age 73, was elected to Prime Meridian s and the Bank s Board in March 2019. From then until his retirement on February 29, 2020, he served as the Bank s Senior Vice President and Market President for the Polk County market. Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Micallef served as Regional President for Sunshine Bank from 2015 to 2017. From its founding in 2006 until its sale to Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. in 2015, Mr. Micallef served as Director, Chief Executive Officer and President of Community Southern Holdings, Inc. and Community Southern Bank, in Lakeland, Florida. Mr. Micallef has over thirty years of experience as a Chief Executive Officer of financial institutions, including serving as President of Marco Community Bancorp, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer and President of Marco Community Bank in Marco Island, Florida from 2003 to 2005; and Chief Executive Officer, President, and Vice Chairman of Sterling Bank, FSB, in Lantana, Florida from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Micallef received his Bachelor of Science degree from St. Peters University, New Jersey, his Master of Business Administration from Fordham University and a graduate banking degree from Brown University. 
 
 L. Collins Proctor, Sr., age 53, is a founding member of the Boards of the Bank and the Company. He is a co-founding partner of Facility Solutions Management (FSM) which optimizes facility performance and operating costs through its Engineering, Controls, and Energy Services divisions for corporate, government, medical, and education, clients throughout the United States. In addition to managing firm level strategies, Mr. Proctor focuses primarily within FSM s Energy Services division overseeing strategy, financing, quality control, and the development of FSM's "Huckleberry" energy and environmental management software platform. Mr. Proctor is also an investor/partner of Red Brick Partners, LLC, a real estate and private equity investment entity started in 2006. Prior to 2006, Mr. Proctor owned and managed a Florida real estate acquisition and construction advisory firm, an affiliate of a national firm with which he was associated for ten years. Mr. Proctor received his Bachelor of Arts from Vanderbilt University and his Master of Business Administration from Emory University, between which times he served five years with NationsBank (now Bank of America) in its leveraged leasing division managing over 3.5 billion in equipment financing for large corporate clients. 
 
 Garrison A. Rolle, M.D., age 61, is a founding member of the Boards of the Bank and Prime Meridian. He is an orthopedic surgeon who joined the Tallahassee Orthopedic Clinic in 1997. He served on AmSouth Bank s Advisory Board of Directors in Tallahassee, Florida and was formerly a director of Regions Bank in Tallahassee, Florida. Dr. Rolle played football for the University of Florida while pursuing his Bachelor of Science degree. He received his medical degree from the University of Florida, College of Medicine. 
 
 Steven D. Smith, age 70, is a founding member of the Boards of the Bank and Prime Meridian. He is an owner and operator of a number of Krispy Kreme Doughnut franchises throughout the Florida Panhandle, including Tallahassee, Florida. Mr. Smith currently serves as Chairman of the Board for Pursuit Channel, an outdoor network delivered to approximately thirty-eight million U.S. households. He also serves as a member of the Florida Highway Patrol Advisory Council. Mr. Smith is the owner of a number of other local businesses and is a 1974 graduate of Livingston University in Livingston, Alabama. 
 
 Richard A. Weidner, age 78, is a founding member and Chairman of the Boards of the Bank and Prime Meridian. On December 31, 2020, Mr. Weidner retired from an eighteen-year career with the accounting firm of Carr, Riggs Ingram, LLC. He is a certified public accountant with an inactive license and former partner and Partner Oversight Director of Carr, Riggs Ingram, LLC. In 2002 this firm acquired Williams, Cox, Weidner Cox, P.A., Tallahassee, Florida, which Mr. Weidner helped establish in 1972. From approximately 1998 to 2001, Mr. Weidner served as an Advisory Board member for SunTrust Bank. Mr. Weidner is a past member of the Tallahassee Community College Foundation Board. He is a Past Treasurer of the Tallahassee Chamber of Commerce, Past President of the Tallahassee YMCA, and Past Treasurer of the Maclay School Board of Directors. He has also served on the Leon County Library Advisory Board and was a United Way Campaign Captain. 

74

Audit Committee Matters 
 
 The Board of Directors of the Company has a standing Audit Committee, which has been established in accordance with Section 3(a) (58) (A) of the Exchange Act and which operates under a formal written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. The members of that committee are Kenneth H. Compton, William D. Crona (Chairman), Steven L. Evans, Robert H. Kirby, Steven D. Smith, and Richard A. Weidner, each of whom is considered independent under Nasdaq listing standards. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Crona is an audit committee financial expert, based on his experience as a Certified Public Accountant, as described above. 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 The Company is not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16 (a). 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 The Company adopted a written Code of Ethics designed to promote ethical conduct by all of the Company s directors, officer, and employees based upon the standards set forth under Item 406 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act. The Code of Ethics applies to all Company employees, including our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Controller. A copy of the Company s Code of Ethics is incorporated by reference as exhibit to this Form 10-K, and is available on our website at www.primemeridianbank.com or free of charge from the Company by writing to our Corporate Secretary at Prime Meridian Holding Company, 1471 Timberlane Road, Tallahassee, Florida 32312 or by calling (850) 907-2300. 
 
 Nomination Procedures 
 
 In 2022, there were no material changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors. 

75

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 General 
 
 The objective of the Company s compensation program is to offer a compensation package that will attract, motivate, reward, and retain high-performing and dedicated employees. We seek to provide financial security for employees and reward performance, longevity, professional growth, initiative, and increased responsibility. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the members of the Compensation Committee were Kenneth H. Compton (Chairman); Steven L. Evans; Kathleen C. Jones; Robert H. Kirby; Steven D. Smith and Richard A. Weidner. The opinion of the Board of Directors is that in 2022 each member of the Compensation Committee was independent under Nasdaq listing standards, except for Director Jones, who received consulting fees in 2020, 2021, and 2022, was previously employed by the Company, and whose spouse is employed by the agency which sells insurance to the Company and the Bank. 
 
 The cash compensation of Sammie D. Dixon, Jr., the Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Vice Chair/CEO/President of Prime Meridian and the Bank is paid pursuant to a Master Service Agreement, currently with 30 attributable to Prime Meridian and 70 attributable to the Bank. The cash compensation of Clint F. Weber, the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President CFO/EVP of Prime Meridian and the Bank is also paid pursuant to the Master Service Agreement, currently with 25 attributable to Prime Meridian and 75 attributable to the Bank. 
 
 Prime Meridian s Compensation Committee, working in consultation with the Vice Chair/CEO/President, reviews different compensation alternatives to attract and retain qualified management, to meet short-term financial goals, and to enhance long-term shareholder value. The objective is to pay each executive officer the approximate base salary that would be paid on the open market for a similarly qualified officer of that position at a similarly situated financial institution with operations in markets similar to ours. 
 
 The Compensation Committee determines the level of base salary and any incentive bonus for the Chief Executive Officer based upon competitive norms, derived from surveys published by independent banking institutes and private companies specializing in the analysis of financial institutions. Such surveys provide information regarding compensation of financial institution officers and employees based on the size and geographic location of the financial institution and serve as a benchmark for determining executive salaries. 
 
 In 2022 the Compensation Committee established a performance matrix based on a budgeted increase in net income and total asset growth. To receive incentive compensation under this program, the Company must have at least met or exceeded the performance objectives. 
 
 In connection with the incentive plan for Vice Chair/CEO/President Dixon, the Company did not meet its asset growth goal in 2022. However, the Company s net income exceeded the highest level noted in the performance matrix by more than 9 and net loans grew 20.1 in 2022. Given this level of profitability and loan growth, the Compensation Committee approved a discretionary cash bonus of 150,000 and a grant of 3,834 restricted shares under the 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan, valued at 26.08 per share, the fair market value as of the date of the grant. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Bank adopted the same performance matrix based on budgeted net income and total asset growth for all Executive Vice Presidents. To receive any incentive compensation under this program, the Company must have met or exceeded the performance objectives. In connection with the Incentive Plan for Executive Vice Presidents, the Company did not meet its asset growth in 2022. However, the Company s net income growth exceeded the highest level noted on the performance matrix by over 9 and net loans grew 20.1 in 2022. Given this level of profitability and loan growth, CEO Dixon used the same qualitative and quantitative factors used to determine his bonus in determining discretionary cash bonuses for Senior Lender/EVP Jensen and CBO/EVP Phelps of 68,091 and 60,420, respectively, and for the other executive officers. These amounts will be presented to the Compensation Committee and Board of Directors for review. 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks 
 
 There are no Compensation Committee interlocks between the Company and any other entities associated with our executive officers and directors who serve as an executive officer or director of such other entities. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following table provides information regarding the compensation earned by the Company s named executive officers for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

Non-Equity 

Stock 

Incentive Plan 

All Other 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary (2) 

Bonus 

Awards (3) 

Compensation 

Compensation (4) 

Total 

Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 
 
 2022 

388,962 

150,000 

99,991 

- 

109,985 

748,938 

Vice Chairman, President and CEO 
 
 2021 

360,150 

- 

220,422 

85,536 

105,865 

771,973 

2020 

343,000 

- 

73,621 

53,594 

102,271 

572,486 

Chris L. Jensen, Jr. 
 
 2022 

226,969 

68,091 

- 

- 

107,945 

403,005 

EVP and Bank Senior Lender 
 
 2021 

210,156 

54,531 

- 

- 

103,348 

368,035 

2020 

200,149 

44,715 

- 

- 

98,525 

343,389 

Kyle D. Phelps (1) 
 
 2022 

201,400 

60,420 

63,688 

- 

8,216 

333,724 

EVP and Chief Banking Officer 
 
 2021 

68,448 

56,190 

- 

- 

3,000 

127,638 

(1) Kyle D. Phelps became EVP and Chief Banking Officer in August, 2021. 
 (2) Includes salary deferred at the election of the executive under the Bank's 401 (k) retirement plan. 
 (3) Mr. Dixon's stock award in 2022 was part of his discretionary bonus 
 (4) The figures in the all other compensation column is the sum of matching contributions under the Bank s 401(k) plan for Mr. Dixon and Mr. Jensen, the Bank s contributions for Mr. Dixon and Mr. Jensen under Defined Contribution Agreements, the imputed monetary value of split dollar life insurance benefits, and vehicle-related expenses. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Bank made contributions to the Bank s 401(k) Plan of 12,200, 11,600 and 11,400, respectively, for Mr. Dixon, and contributions of 11,771, 10,648, and 9,179, respectively, for Mr. Jensen. For 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Bank made contributions to the Defined Contribution Agreements of 87,570, 84,202, and 80,963, respectively, for Mr. Dixon, and contributions of 86,455, 83,130 and 79,933, respectively, for Mr. Jensen. For 2022, 2021, and 2020, the imputed value of split dollar life insurance benefits for income tax purposes was 2,216, 2,063, and 1,908, respectively, for Mr. Dixon, 1,719, 1,570, and 1,413, respectively for Mr. Jensen, and 216, respectively, for Mr. Phelps. Car-allowance expenses in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were 8,000, respectively, for Mr. Dixon, 8,000, respectively, for Mr. Jensen and 8,000, respectively, for Mr. Phelps in 2022 and 3,000 for Mr. Phelps in 2021. 

76

Employment Agreements 
 
 PMHG and Bank Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 
 
 In 2022, the Company has entered into a Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Mr. Dixon. His agreement amends and restates in its entirety his Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 19, 2018. 
 
 Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Dixon is retained as Chief Executive Officer and President of PMHG and the Bank for a period of three years, subject to an automatic extension for an additional year on each anniversary of the original expiration date of the agreement. In addition, the term of the agreement will be extended for an additional three years upon a Change in Control of the Company (as defined in the agreement). Following an extension of the term of the agreement incident to a Change in Control of the Company, the term of the agreement will be automatically extended for an additional year on each anniversary of the date of the Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either the Company or Mr. Dixon may cause the term of the agreement to cease at the end of the then current term by giving the other written notice of not less than 60 days prior to the expiration of the then current term of the agreement. Termination of Mr. Dixon s employment for any reason shall constitute his resignation of his positions on the Boards of Directors of PMHG, the Bank, and either of their subsidiaries. 
 
 The agreement provides for Mr. Dixon to receive a base salary and automobile allowance, to be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus of not less than 25 of his base salary, the amount of which shall be based the achievement of goals set by PMHG s Compensation Committee and approved by its Board, and to participate in the Company s benefit plans. Mr. Dixon is also eligible to receive an annual equity incentive award of at least 25 of his base salary. The form of the equity award will be at the discretion of PMHG. The Bank will also establish a nonqualified account balance deferred compensation plan for the benefit of Mr. Dixon and purchase bank owned life insurance for the benefit of Mr. Dixon s designated beneficiaries. 
 
 If his employment is terminated because of death, Mr. Dixon s estate is entitled to receive accrued and earned payments or benefits due and a prorated portion of the bonus he received in his final year of employment. If Mr. Dixon s employment is terminated because of disability, then he is entitled to receive accrued and earned payments or benefits due and health and other insurance benefits for a period of twelve months following the date of termination. 
 
 If employment is terminated by the Company for reasons other than Cause (as defined in the agreement) or disability, or if Mr. Dixon terminates the agreement for Good Reason (as defined in the agreement), Mr. Dixon is entitled to receive his base salary through the date of termination, a prorated portion of the bonus he received in his final year of employment, 18 months of health, disability, and life insurance premiums, all other accrued and earned payments or benefits due, and a cash payment equal to two times his base salary plus the average of his annual bonuses over the three calendar years preceding the year of termination. 
 
 However, if such a termination occurs during the period beginning three months prior to and ending 18 months after a Change in Control, such payment shall equal 2.99 times the sum of Mr. Dixon s then current base salary and the average bonus earned by Mr. Dixon during each of the three calendar years preceding the date of termination. In addition, the Company will provide 36 months of health insurance coverage and 18 months of life and disability coverage. If Mr. Dixon s employment is terminated due to his death or disability, his estate or Mr. Dixon will be entitled to any accrued salary and a prorated portion of his last bonus. In the event of his disability, the Company will also continue to pay the insurance premiums and coverages described above. 
 
 The agreement includes confidentiality provisions to protect the Company s proprietary and confidential information. The agreement also prohibits Mr. Dixon from competing with the Company during the term of the agreement and during the two-year period following termination by the Company for reasons other than Cause or disability, or termination by Mr. Dixon for Good Reason. During such period, Mr. Dixon will be prohibited from engaging in the business of banking in Gadsden, Jefferson, Leon, and Wakulla Counties, Florida and anywhere within 20 miles of a Bank branch office that is operational on the date of termination of the agreement. The agreement also restricts Mr. Dixon from soliciting certain existing and prospective customers of the Bank for a period of two years following termination of employment. In addition, during the two-year period following termination of employment, the agreement restricts Mr. Dixon from inducing any Bank employee to terminate his or her employment with the Bank or to accept employment with any other employer. The foregoing non-competition, non-solicitation, and non-recruitment provisions do not apply if Mr. Dixon s employment is terminated because of the expiration of the agreement or the nonrenewal of the term of the agreement. 
 
 Mr. Dixon s agreement also contains a non-disparagement clause and an obligation of the Company to pay Mr. Dixon s legal fees in the event he takes action to enforce his agreement. 
 
 Bank Executive Vice President and Senior Lender Chris L. Jensen, Jr. 
 
 The Company has entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Mr. Jensen. His agreement amends and restates in its entirety his Employment Agreement, dated November 19, 2018. 
 
 Mr. Jensen s agreement is identical in all material respects to Mr. Dixon s agreement, except that: (i) it does not provide for a discretionary equity bonus or a minimum cash bonus target, rather any annual bonus is based upon the achievement of performance goals established from year to year by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President; (ii) the payment due in connection with a termination other than for Cause or without Good Reason will be equal to his current salary plus a prorated portion of his average cash bonus for the previous three years; (iii) the payment due in connection with a termination related to a Change in Control will equal two times his base salary plus his average bonus for the last three years; (iv) the Company is obligated to pay for 12 months of health, disability, and life insurance following a termination without Cause or for Good Reason; (v) the Company is obligated to pay health insurance premiums for 24 months and disability and life insurance premiums for 12 months following a termination related to a Change in Control; and (vi) his non-competition and non-solicitation periods are one year following termination. 
 
 Bank Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer Kyle D. Phelps 
 
 The Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Phelps. In connection with this, PMHG intends to grant to Mr. Phelps 5,750 shares of restricted stock. This grant will be divided into three installments. The first was for 2,417 shares and was made on August 23, 2022. The second will be for 1,667 shares and will be made on August 23, 2023. The final installment will be for 1,666 shares and will be made on August 23, 2024. Each such grant will be subject to a three-year vesting schedule. 
 
 Mr. Phelps agreement is identical in all material respects to Mr. Dixon s agreement, except that: (i) it does not provide for a discretionary equity bonus or a minimum cash bonus target, rather any annual bonus is based upon the achievement of performance goals established from year to year by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President; (ii) the payment due in connection with a termination other than for Cause or without Good Reason will be equal to his current salary plus a prorated portion of his average cash bonus for the previous three years; (iii) the payment due in connection with a termination related to a Change in Control will equal two times his base salary plus his average bonus for the last three years; (iv) the Company is obligated to pay for 12 months of health, disability, and life insurance following a termination without Cause or for Good Reason; (v) the Company is obligated to pay health insurance premiums for 24 months and disability and life insurance premiums for 12 months following a termination related to a Change in Control; and (vi) his non-competition and non-solicitation periods are one year following termination. 

77

Defined Contribution Agreements 
 
 The Company and the Bank entered into Defined Contribution Agreements with Vice Chair/CEO/President Dixon, Senior Lender/EVP Jensen, and CBO/EVP Phelps. 
 
 Under Mr. Dixon s agreement the Bank will, at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company, credit annually to a defined contribution plan an amount then determined to be sufficient to result in an account balance at the date Mr. Dixon would attain age 65 which would be sufficient to pay to Mr. Dixon at least 150,000 of annual retirement benefits for fifteen (15) years after his qualifying retirement. Payments under the plan shall commence upon the later of (i) Mr. Dixon attaining age 65 and (ii) the date that Mr. Dixon is no longer providing services to the Bank as an employee. All of Mr. Dixon s rights under the plan shall be subject to all other terms and conditions of that plan. If prior to Mr. Dixon reaching the age of 65: (i) the Company discharges Mr. Dixon for reasons other than cause; (ii) Mr. Dixon becomes permanently disabled; (iii) Mr. Dixon dies; or (iv) on or within 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined in the agreement) Mr. Dixon resigns, the Company shall pay to Mr. Dixon the balance of the plan. Mr. Dixon will forfeit his interest in the plan if he is terminated for cause or if grounds exist for his termination for Cause 
 
 The terms of the Defined Contribution Agreement applicable to Mr. Jensen are identical to the terms of the plan for Mr. Dixon, except that the Bank will, at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company, credit annually an amount then determined to be sufficient to result in an account balance at the date Mr. Jensen would attain age 67 which would be sufficient to pay to Mr. Jensen at least 50,000 of annual retirement benefits for ten (10) years after his qualifying retirement. 

The terms of the Defined Contribution Agreement applicable to Mr. Phelps are identical to the terms of Mr. Jensen, except the Bank will, at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company, credit annually an amount then determined to be sufficient to result in an account balance at the date Mr. Phelps would attain age 65 which would be sufficient to pay Mr. Phelps at least 50,000 of annual retirement benefits for ten (10) years after his qualifying retirement.

Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreements 
 If Vice Chair/CEO/President Sammie D. Dixon, Jr., Senior Lender/EVP Chris L. Jensen, Jr. and CBO/EVP Kyle D. Phelps die in active service to the Bank, their respective beneficiaries will receive a split dollar life insurance death benefit in a fixed amount. As informal financing for the Defined Contribution Agreements payment obligations arising out of an executive s death before retirement, the Bank purchased life insurance policies on certain officers lives, including Mr. Dixon, Mr. Jensen and Mr. Phelps. The life insurance policies are owned by the Bank, but the Bank entered into split dollar life insurance agreements allowing the executives to designate the executive s beneficiary of a portion of the policy death benefits. The Bank will receive the remainder of the death benefits. Although the Bank expects the split dollar life insurance policy benefits to finance the expense for the payment obligations under the Defined Contribution Agreements of Mr. Dixon and Mr. Jensen, the executives contractual entitlements under the Defined Contribution Agreements are not funded and remain contractual liabilities of the Bank. 
 
 Pursuant to the split dollar life insurance agreements, in the event of an executive s death during the term of the executive s agreement, the executive s designated beneficiaries will be entitled to receive life insurance death benefit proceeds in an amount equal to 1.734 million for Mr. Dixon, 421,767 for Mr. Jensen, and 421,767 for Mr. Phelps. The foregoing right to receive death benefits under the split dollar life insurance agreements will be extinguished in the event that one of the following events occurs prior to the executive s death: the total cessation of the business of the Bank; the bankruptcy, receivership or dissolution of the Bank; the termination of the executive s employment; the Bank or the executive gives written notice to the other party that the split dollar life insurance agreement is terminated; or the life insurance policy underlying the split dollar life insurance agreement is surrendered by the Bank, lapses, or otherwise is terminated by the Bank. If any of the foregoing events occurs, the executive s beneficiaries will not be entitled to any benefits under the split dollar life insurance agreement. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards 
 
 In 2015, the Board of Directors adopted the Prime Meridian Holding Company 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan 2015 Plan ), which was then approved by the shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Pursuant to the 2015 Plan, selected employees and/or directors of the Company and the Bank are eligible to receive awards of various forms of equity-based incentive compensation, including incentive and non-qualified stock options stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, performance units, and phantom stock, as well as awards consisting of combinations of such incentives. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2023, the Company issued 3,834 shares of restricted stock to its Vice Chair/CEO/President as part of his bonus compensation for 2022. These shares vest over three years beginning on February 1, 2024. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company issued 2,417 shares of restricted stock to its EVP/CBO pursuant to his employment agreement. These shares vest over three years beginning on August 23, 2023. 

78

The 2015 Plan is administered by the Company s Compensation Committee, which has the authority to: (i) interpret the Plan, to establish rules as deemed necessary for the implementation or maintenance of the Plan; (ii) determine grants for eligible participants under the Plan; (iii) make all other decisions or determinations required or considered appropriate for the operation of the Plan and the distribution of benefits under the Plan; and (iv) to retain professional assistance in the evaluation of director and senior executive officer compensation. Our Board of Directors has reserved to itself the right to amend or terminate the Plan. However, no amendment may be implemented without approval of the shareholders to the extent such approval is required under applicable law. Furthermore, in no case can options be re-priced either by cancellation and re-grant or by lowering the exercise price of a previously granted award. 
 
 The Company has limited the aggregate number of shares of common stock to be awarded under the 2015 Plan to 500,000 shares, but in no instance more than 15 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. However, the maximum number of shares available under the 2015 Plan is subject to appropriate adjustment in the case of any stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations, mergers, consolidations, exchanges, or other changes in capitalization affecting the common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were 251,367 outstanding stock options under the 2015 Plan. 
 
 The following table provides information regarding stock options and unvested restricted stock held by each of our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. The stock options shown in the table were granted under the 2015 Plan and have a per share exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date. 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

# of Securities 

# of Securities 

# of 

Underlying 

Underlying 

Shares of 

Market Value of 

Unexercised 

Unexercised 

Option 

Option 

Stock that 

Shares of Stock 

Name and 
 
 Date of 
 
 Option (#) 

Option (#) 

Exercise 

Expiration 

have not 

that have not 

Principal Position 
 
 Grant 
 
 Exercisable 

Unexercisable 

Price 

Date 

Vested 

Vested 

Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 

Vice Chairman, President and CEO 
 
 2/1/2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

7,786 

220,422 

1/21/2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2,721 

49,087 

1/16/2020 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,278 

26,071 

4/1/2018 

20,000 

5,000 

20.09 

4/1/2028 

- 

- 

2/28/2018 

15,667 

- 

17.21 

2/28/2023 

- 

- 

Chris L. Jensen 

EVP and Bank Senior Lender 
 
 4/1/2018 

8,200 

2,050 

20.09 

4/1/2028 

- 

- 

Kyle D Phelps 

EVP and CBO 
 
 8/23/2022 

- 

- 

- 

2,417 

63,688 

12/1/2021 

2,000 

8,000 

28.40 

12/1/2031 

- 

- 

79

Director Compensation 
 
 From January 1, 2022 to July 31, 2022, the Bank paid its directors 1,100 per Board meeting attended, 350 per Board committee meeting attended, and 450 to chair a Board committee meeting, all of which may be paid in cash or shares of the Company s common stock, as described below. Effective August 1, 2022, the directors' compensation fees were revised and the Bank began to pay its directors 1,700 per board meeting attended and 350 per board committee meeting attending, including committee chairs. In addition, the Chairman of the Board was paid a 9,278 annual retainer, the Compensation chair was paid 3,333, the Audit Chair was paid 2,708, and the ALCO and IT committee chairs were paid 1,041 each in 2022. Additionally, Mrs. Jones was paid a 75,000 consultant fee and Mr. Guemple was paid a 27,500 consultant fee in 2022 for their roles as Senior Advisors. Excluding compensation to Mr. Dixon and Mr. Jensen, the Bank paid a total of 383,710 in fees paid in cash and shares of stock to its directors in 2022. 
 
 In 2012, The Company s Board of Directors and shareholders adopted the Directors Compensation Plan (the Directors Plan ). Pursuant to the Directors Plan, each director is permitted to elect to receive his or her board committee fees in either shares of stock instead of cash. To encourage directors to elect to receive stock, the Directors Plan provides that if a director elects to receive stock, he or she will receive in common stock 110 of the amount of cash fees set by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board. The stock to be awarded pursuant to the Directors Plan will be valued at the closing price of a share of common stock as traded on any national market or exchange, or a price set by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board, acting in good faith, but in no case less than fair market value. In 2022, the Board used the greater of quarter-end book value or quarter-end volume weighted-average market price to determine what the fair market value of the Company s common stock was for purposes of the Directors Plan. The maximum number of remaining shares to be issued pursuant to the Directors Plan is limited to 36,362 shares, which is approximately 1.1 of the total shares outstanding as of the Record Date. In 2022, our directors received 5,002 shares of common stock, in lieu of cash, under the Directors Plan. 
 
 The following table sets forth the cash compensation or stock compensation paid, earned, or awarded during 2022 to each of our directors other than executive officers Mr. Dixon and Mr. Jensen whose compensation is described in the Summary Compensation Table on page 76. 

Total Fees Awarded in Stock 

Total Fees Earned 

Retainer 

Total Value of 

Director 
 
 Cash Value 

# of Shares 

and Paid in Cash 

Fees (3) 

Compensation 

Kenneth H. Compton 

20,240 

767 

- 

3,333 

23,573 

William D. Crona 

- 

- 

20,850 

2,708 

23,558 

Steven L. Evans 

- 

- 

25,600 

- 

25,600 

R. Randy Guemple (1) 

- 

- 

52,450 

- 

52,450 

Kathleen C. Jones(2) 

- 

- 

94,650 

- 

94,650 

Robert H. Kirby 

21,230 

804 

- 

- 

21,230 

Frank L. Langston 

22,385 

850 

- 

- 

22,385 

Michael A. Micallef, Jr. 

22,770 

865 

- 

- 

22,770 

L. Collins Proctor, Sr. 

- 

- 

22,750 

1,042 

23,792 

Garrison A. Rolle, M.D. 

17,380 

659 

- 

- 

17,380 

Steven D. Smith 

27,830 

1,057 

- 

1,042 

28,872 

Richard A. Weidner 

- 

- 

27,450 

- 

27,450 

Total 

131,835 

5,002 

243,750 

8,125 

383,710 

(1) For providing consulting services to the Bank, R. Randy Guemple was paid a 27,500 consulting fee in addition to fees for service on the Boards of Directors and their committees. 
 (2) For providing consulting services to the Bank, Kathleen C. Jones was paid a 75,000 consulting fee in addition to fees for service on the Boards of Directors and their committees. 
 (3) Effective August 1, 2022, prorated retainers were paid to the Chairman of the Board and Committee chairs. 
 
 Director Indemnification 
 
 The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with members of the Company s Board of Directors. The indemnification agreements allow directors to select the most favorable indemnification rights provided under (1) the Company s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws in effect on the date of the indemnification agreement or on the date expenses are incurred, (2) state law in effect on the date of the indemnification agreement or on the date expenses are incurred, (3) any liability insurance policy in effect when a claim is made against the director or on the date expenses are incurred, and (4) any other indemnification arrangement otherwise available. The agreements cover all fees, expenses, judgments, fines, penalties, and settlement amounts paid in any matter relating to the director s role as a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company, or when serving as the Company s representative with respect to another entity. Each indemnification agreement provides for the prompt advancement of all expenses incurred in connection with any proceeding subject to the director s obligation to repay those advances if it is determined later that the director is not entitled to indemnification. 
 
 Executive Officer Indemnification 
 
 The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with the Bank's Executive Officers. The indemnification agreements allow the executive officers to select the most favorable indemnification rights provided under (1) the Company's Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws in effect on the date of the indemnification agreement or on the date expenses are incurred, (2) state law in effect on the date of the indemnification agreement or on the date the expenses incurred, (3) any liability insurance policy in effect when a claim is made against the Executive Officer or on the date the expenses are incurred, and (4) any other indemnification arrangement otherwise available. The agreements cover all fee, expenses, judgements, fines, penalties, and settlement amounts paid in any matter relating to executive officer's the role as an executive officer, employee, or agent of the Company, or when serving as the Company's representative with respect to another entity. Each indemnification agreement provides for the prompt advancement of all expenses incurred in connection with any proceeding subject to the executive officer's obligation to repay those advances if it is determined later that the executive officer is not entitled to indemnification. 

80

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Principal Shareholders 
 
 As of February 28, 2023 the Company is aware of one shareholder who own 5 of more of the outstanding shares of Company common stock: The Banc Funds Co LLC owns 241,776 shares, or 7.6 , of the outstanding shares, and is located at 20 North Wacker Drive, Suite 3300, Chicago, IL 60606. 
 We are not aware of any arrangements or any pledge of securities of the Company through which a change in control of the Company may result at some subsequent date. The following table sets forth the number of shares and percentages of common stock that the directors and executive officers of the Company beneficially owned as of February 28, 2023. 

Number of 

Right to 

Beneficial 

Name 
 
 Shares(1) 

Acquire(2) 

Ownership(3) 

Kenneth H. Compton 

8,871 

6,000 

0.47 

William D. Crona 

50,719 

10,000 

1.90 

Sammie D. Dixon, Jr.(4) 

158,301 

25,000 

5.71 

Steven L. Evans 

29,759 

10,000 

1.24 

R. Randy Guemple 

34,030 

10,000 

1.38 

Chris L. Jensen, Sr. 

53,583 

10,250 

2.00 

Kathleen C. Jones 

18,450 

10,000 

0.89 

Robert H. Kirby(5) 

80,681 

10,000 

2.84 

Frank L. Langston 

34,993 

10,000 

1.41 

Michael A. Micallef, Jr. 

6,334 

6,000 

0.39 

Kyle D. Phelps(6) 

6,517 

2,000 

0.27 

L. Collins Proctor, Sr.(7)(8) 

21,800 

13,000 

1.09 

Garrison A. Rolle, M.D. 

35,058 

10,000 

1.41 

Steven D. Smith(9) 

70,705 

10,000 

2.53 

Susan Payne Turner(10) 

8,230 

8,000 

0.51 

Mont L. Ward 

4,530 

8,000 

0.39 

Clint F. Weber 

6,372 

8,000 

0.45 

Richard A. Weidner 

109,240 

2,000 

3.49 

738,173 

168,250 

27.03 

(1) Includes shares for which the named person: 

-has sole voting and investment power 

-has voting and investment power with a spouse; 

-holds in an IRA or other retirement plan program, unless otherwise indicated in these footnotes 

(2) Includes shares covered by stock options that are exercisable within sixty (60) days of the Record Date. 

(3) Based on 3,185,765 shares issued and outstanding plus the listed individual exercising his or her stock options. 

(4) Mr. Dixon's shares include 10,386 shares of restricted stock. 

(5) Mr. Kirby's shares include 2,500 shares owned by Mr. Kirby's spouse and as custodian of UGTMA/FL accounts. 

(6) Mr. Phelp's shares include 2,417 shares of restricted stock. 

(7) Mr. Proctor's shares include 9,200 shares beneficially owned with Mr. Proctor's spouse through her 401-K and IRA and as custodian of UGTMA/FL accounts. 

(8) Mr. Proctor's right to acquire includes options to acquire 3,000 shares of Company stock owned by Mr. Proctor's spouse. 

(9) Mr. Smith's shares include 24,000 shares beneficially owned by his spouse. 

(10) Mrs. Turner's shares include 350 shares beneficially owned by Mrs. Turner as custodian of UGTMA/FL account. 

81

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table sets forth information relating to PMHG s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Number of Securities to 

Number of Securities 

be issued upon exercise 

Weighted-Average 

Remaining Available for 

of outstanding Options, 

Exercise Price of Options, 

Issuance under Equity 

Plan Category 
 
 Warrants and Rights 

Warrants and Rights 

Compensation Plans 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 

Amended and Restated Directors' Compensation Plan(1) 

- 

N/A 

36,362 

Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan 

251,367 

20.46 

181,198 

Total 

251,367 

- 

217,560 

(1) 
 In 2022, pursuant to the Directors Plan, the Company issued 5,002 shares of its common stock to members of the Board of Directors. The shares issued pursuant to the Directors Plan were previously authorized but unissued shares of the common stock of the Company and the per share price at which they were awarded was based upon the greater of the book value or the weighted-average market price as of the quarter-end preceding the date of grant and was not based upon a previously set exercise price. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 
 Both the Company and the Bank encourage its directors, executive officers, and their immediate family members to establish client relationships with the Bank. Loans made to directors, executive officers, and their immediate families, as well as, any principal shareholders, require approval of a majority of the disinterested directors approving the loan. All transactions between the Company or the Bank and their directors, executive officers, the immediate family members of directors and executive officers, employees, and any principal shareholders, were made in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with nonaffiliated persons. In these transactions, management s opinion did not involve above average risk of collectability or present any other unfavorable features. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans to directors, executive officers, and their immediate family members and affiliates represented 7.2 million and 8.5 million, respectively, or approximately 1.2 and 1.7 , respectively, of the Bank s total loan portfolio (excluding loans held for sale). All of these loans are current and performing according to their terms. 
 
 During 2022, the Company purchased various insurance policies through Earl Bacon Agency, Inc. that employs the spouse of director Kathleen C. Jones. The premiums paid totaled 1.45 million in 2022 and 1.34 million in 2021 and included health insurance premiums for employees. Mr. Jones interest in such premiums was 6,157 in 2022 and 5,734 in 2021. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 The opinion of the Board of Directors is that in 2021, each nonemployee member of the Board of Directors was an independent director using the standards set forth under Section 5600 of the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules, except for: (i) Director Guemple, who received consulting fees in 2020, 2021 and 2022 and was employed by the Company in 2019 and 2018; Director Micallef, who was employed by the Bank until February 29, 2020; and (iii) Director Jones, who received consulting fees in 2020, 2021, and 2022, was previously employed by the Company, and whose spouse is employed by the agency which sells insurance to the Company and the Bank. Pursuant to the same rules, the directors who served as employees during 2022, Mr. Dixon and Mr. Jensen were not independent directors during the time of their respective employment. 

82

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, the Company expensed the following fees for professional services to Hacker, Johnson Smith, PA: 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees(1) 

53,000 

52,500 

Tax fees(2) 

11,000 

9,500 

All other fees(3) 

39,000 

36,000 

103,000 

98,000 

1 Expenses exclusively for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company's annual consolidated financial statements, including out-of-pocket expenses. 
 2 Expenses exclusively for professional services rendered for preparation of state and federal tax returns and assistance with tax questions and research. 
 3 Expenses exclusively for professional services rendered in relation to the Company's filing of its Form 10-Qs and Form 10-K. 
 
 The above fees were approved in accordance with the Audit Committee's policy. The de minimus exception (as defined in Rule 202 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) was not applied to any of the 2022 or 2021 total fees. 
 
 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 
 
 The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 with Company s management and had a discussion with the Registered Public Accounting Firm of Hacker, Johnson Smith PA, regarding communications required pursuant to applicable auditing standards. In addition, Hacker, Johnson Smith PA has provided the Audit Committee with the letters required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent auditor s communications with the Audit Committee and concerning independence. The Audit Committee has also discussed with Hacker, Johnson Smith PA, the independent auditor s independence. 
 
 Based on these reviews and discussions, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

William D. Crona, Chair 
 Robert H. Kirby 
 Steven D. Smith 

Kenneth H. Compton 
 Steve L. Evans 
 Richard A. Weidner 

83

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 1 and 2 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules are included under a separate caption Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II, Item 8 hereof and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

(a) 
 3 Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Incorporated by Reference From or Filed Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 18, 2013 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 Exhibit 3.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 18, 2013 

3.3 
 
 First Amendment to Bylaws dated December 17, 2016 
 
 Exhibit 3.3 to Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2017 

3.4 
 
 Second Amendment to Bylaws dated January 17, 2019 
 
 Exhibit 3.4 to Form 8-K filed on January 18, 2019 

3.5 
 
 Third Amendment to Bylaws dated February 18, 2021 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 to Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2021 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 18, 2013 

4.2 
 
 2010 Articles of Share Exchange 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 18, 2013 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2020 

10.2 
 
 Promissory Note to Thomasville National bank dated August 26, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 10.16 to Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2020 

10.3 
 
 Security Agreement with Thomasville National Bank dated August 26, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 10.17 to Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2020 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Directors Compensation Plan dated as of October 20, 2022 Directors Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2022 

10.5 
 
 Lease for Timberlane office 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 18, 2013 

10.6 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Holding Company, Inc., and Prime Meridian Bank, and Sammie D. Dixon, Jr., dated as of August 1, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 

10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan dated as of October 20, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2022 

84

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Incorporated by Reference From or Filed Herewith 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to Restricted Stock Awards for Sammie D. Dixon, dated as of October 20, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2022 

10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Holding Company, Inc. and Prime Meridian Bank, and Chris L. Jensen, dated as of August 1, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 

10.10 
 
 Defined Contribution Agreement by and among Prime Meridian Holding Company, Inc., and Prime Meridian Bank, and Sammie D. Dixon Jr., dated as of November 19, 2018 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2018 

10.11 
 
 Defined Contribution Agreement by and among Prime Meridian Holding Company, Inc., and Prime Meridian Bank and Chris L. Jensen, Jr., Dated as of November 19, 2018 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2018 

10.12 
 
 Amendment to Defined Contribution Agreement by and among Prime Meridian Holding Company, Inc. and Prime Meridian Bank, and Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. dated as of December 11, 2018. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2018 

10.13 
 
 Amendment to Defined Contribution Agreement by and among Prime Meridian Holding Company, Inc. and Prime Meridian Bank, and Chris L. Jensen dated as of December 11, 2018. 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2018 

10.14 
 
 First Amendment to Lease for Timberlane Office 
 
 Exhibit 10.14 to Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2019 

10.15 
 
 Defined Contribution Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Bank and Susan Payne Turner, dated as of July 14, 2021 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Form 8-K/A filed on August 2, 2021 

10.16 
 
 Defined Contribution Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Bank, and Monte Ward, dated as of July 14, 2021 
 
 Exhibit 10.16 to Form 8-K/A filed on August 2, 2021 

10.17 
 
 Defined Contribution Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Bank, and Clint F. Weber, dated as of July 14, 2021 
 
 Exhibit 10.17 to Form 8-K/A filed on August 2, 2021 

10.18 
 
 Amended Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreement between Prime Meridian Bank and Susan Payne Turner dated as of July 1, 2021 
 
 Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021 

10.19 
 
 Amended Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreement between Prime Meridian Bank and Monte Ward dated as of July 1, 2021 
 
 Exhibit 10.19 to Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021 

10.20 
 
 Amended Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreement between Prime Meridian Bank and Clint Weber dated as of July 1, 2021 
 
 Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021 

10.21 
 
 Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreement between Prime Meridian Bank and Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. dated as of January 1, 2019 
 
 Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021 

10.22 
 
 Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreement between Prime Meridian Bank and Chris L. Jensen, Jr. dated as of January 1, 2019 
 
 Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021 

10.23 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Holding Company, Inc., Prime Meridian Bank, and Kyle D. Phelps dated as of August 1, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 

10.24 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Holding Company, Inc., Prime Meridian Bank, and Susan Payne Turner dated as of August 1, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 

10.25 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Holding Company, Inc., Prime Meridian Bank, and Monte L. Ward dated as of August 1, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 

10.26 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Holding Company, Inc., Prime Meridian Bank, and Clint F. Weber dated as of August 1, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 

85

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Incorporated by Reference From or Filed Herewith 

10.27 
 
 Defined Contribution Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Bank and Kyle D. Phelps dated as of January 1, 2022 
 
 Filed herewith 

10.28 
 
 Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreement by and between Prime Meridian Bank and Kyle D. Phelps dated as of January 1, 2022 
 
 Filed herewith 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Exhibit 14.1 to Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2014 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 18, 2013 

31.1 
 
 Certification Under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley by Sammie D. Dixon, Jr., Principal Executive Officer 
 
 Filed herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification Under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley by Clint F. Weber, Principal Financial Officer 
 
 Filed herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley by 
 
 Filed herewith 

99.1 
 
 Charter of the Audit Committee 
 
 Exhibit 99.1 to Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2014 

99.2 
 
 Charter of the Executive, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2020 

99.3 
 
 Charter of the Compensation Committee 
 
 Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2020 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith 

Schedules and exhibits other than those listed are omitted for the reasons that they are not required, are not applicable or that equivalent information has been included in the consolidated financial statements, and notes thereto, or elsewhere within. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable 

86

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PRIME MERIDIAN HOLDING COMPANY 

Date: March 9, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 

Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 

Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer , President , and Principal Executive Officer 

Date: March 9, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Clint F. Weber 

Clint F. Weber 

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name and Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Kenneth H. Compton 

March 9, 2023 

Kenneth H. Compton 

Director 

/s/ William D. Crona 

William D. Crona 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 

Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 

Vice Chairman, CEO, President Principal Executive Officer 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Steven L. Evans 

Steven L. Evans 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ R. Randy Guemple 

R. Randy Guemple 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Chris L. Jensen, Jr. 

Chris L. Jensen, Jr. 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Kathleen C. Jones 

Kathleen C. Jones 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Robert H. Kirby 

Robert H. Kirby 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Frank L. Langston 

Frank L. Langston 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Michael A. Micallef, Jr 

Michael A. Micallef, Jr. 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ L. Collins Proctor, Sr. 

L. Collins Proctor 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Garrison A. Rolle 

Garrison A. Rolle, M.D. 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Steven D. Smith 

Steven D. Smith 

Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Richard A. Weidner 

Richard A. Weidner 

Chairman 
 
 March 9, 2023 

87

<EX-10.27>
 2
 ex_451684.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.27

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 10.27 

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 

This DEFINED CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into this 1 st day of January, 2022(the Effective Date ), by and among PRIME MERIDIAN BANK , a Florida bank (the Bank) and wholly owned subsidiary of Prime Meridian Holding Company (the Holding Company ), and KYLE D. PHELPS (the Executive ). Capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 10 of this Agreement. 

BACKGROUND 

The Bank and the Executive now desire to enter into this Agreement to establish the terms and conditions of the nonqualified account balance deferred compensation plan to be maintained by the Bank on the Executive s behalf. 

AGREEMENT 

In consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. General Terms and Conditions. The Bank hereby establishes a nonqualified account balance deferred compensation plan for the benefit of the Executive. Section 2 below describes the benefits available to the Executive, or the Executive s Beneficiary, upon the occurrence of certain events as described in, and subject to the terms and conditions of, this Agreement; provided the Executive remains in the Continuous Service of the Bank from the Effective Date until the specified event. Each benefit described in Section 2 is in lieu of any other benefit therein. No benefits under this Agreement shall be payable with respect to any event other than the events described below, and the benefits otherwise payable pursuant to Section 2 below are subject to the further limitations in Section 2(g) . 

2. Retirement Benefits. 

(a) Termination on or after Normal Retirement Age. If Executive remains in the Continuous Service of the Bank until attaining Normal Retirement Age, then on the first day of the month following the Executive s Normal Retirement Age (the Normal Retirement Date ), the Bank shall pay to the Executive the annual benefit for ten (10) years that would fully amortize the Executive s Account Balance at Executive s Normal Retirement Date (using the Discount Rate and reasonable actuarial assumptions in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP as reasonably applied by the Bank) (rounded down to the nearest whole dollar). Payment of the annual benefit shall commence upon the Executive s Normal Retirement Date and be paid in equal monthly installments on the first day of each month thereafter until paid in full. 

(b) Termination Prior to Normal Retirement Age. If prior to the Executive attaining Normal Retirement Age, (i) the Bank involuntarily discharges Executive for any reason other than (A) for Cause, (B) because the Executive becomes Permanently Disabled or (C) on or within twelve (12) months following the effective date of a Change in Control or (ii) the Executive resigns other than (A) because the Executive becomes Permanently Disabled or (B) on or within twelve (12) months following the effective date of a Change in Control, then the Bank shall pay to the Executive in a single lump sum on or within thirty (30) days after the Executive s Separation from Service an amount equal to the vested portion of the Executive s Account Balance at the time of Executive s Separation from Service. 

Until the Executive is 100 vested on the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date, the Executive becomes vested in the benefit under this Subsection 2(b) in equal 20 increments commencing on the sixth anniversary of the Effective Date, provided the Executive remains employed by the Bank on each vesting date. However, if a Change in Control occurs before Separation from Service, the vesting condition lapse when the Change in Control occurs. 

(c) Termination in Connection with a Change in Control . If before, on or after Normal Retirement Age, (i) the Bank on or within the twelve (12) months following the effective date of a Change in Control involuntarily discharges Executive other than (A) for Cause or (B) because the Executive becomes Permanently Disabled or (ii) the Executive on or within twelve (12) months following the effective date of a Change in Control resigns other than because the Executive becomes Permanently Disabled, then the Bank shall pay to the Executive in a single lump sum on or within thirty (30) days after the Executive s Separation from Service an amount equal to the Executive s Account Balance at the time of Executive s Separation from Service. 

(d) Disability. If Executive becomes Permanently Disabled before any event described in Subsections (a), (b) or (c) above, the Bank shall pay to the Executive an annual benefit for ten (10) years based on the Executive s Account Balance at the time Executive becomes Permanently Disabled, plus interest at the Discount Rate used for the benefit described in Subsection (a) above. Beginning on the Executive s Normal Retirement Date, the Bank will pay the Account Balance in 120 substantially equal monthly installments, crediting interest at the Discount Rate, compounded monthly, until the Account Balance is paid in full. 

(e) Death . If Executive dies while in the employ of the Bank and before the occurrence of any event triggering the Executive s entitlement to a benefit under Subsection (a), (b), (c), or (d) above, then the Bank shall pay to the Executive s Beneficiary in a single lump sum on or within thirty (30) days after the Executive s death an amount equal to the Executive s Account Balance at the time of Executive s death. If Executive dies after the occurrence of any event triggering the Executive s entitlement to a benefit under Subsection (a), (b), (c), or (d) above and prior to payment of Executive s entire Account Balance, the Executive s Beneficiary shall receive in a single lump sum on or within thirty (30) days after the Executive s death an amount equal to the Executive s remaining Account Balance at the time of Executive s death. 

(f) Forfeiture of Benefits; Regulatory Limitations . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if (i) the Bank discharges the Executive for Cause, or grounds exist for the Bank to discharge the Executive for Cause, regardless of whether an event triggering an entitlement to a benefit under Subsection (a) through (e) has occurred, no benefits shall be paid under this Agreement and any previously paid amounts shall be repaid to Bank by Executive upon five (5) days notice. The obligations of the Bank under this Agreement are further subject to its adherence to applicable state and federal banking regulations, rules, or statutes. 

(g) Temporary Suspension Applicable to a Specified Employee . Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2 , if when the Executive s employment terminates the Executive is a specified employee, as defined in Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(i), and if the payment of benefit amounts under Section 2 of this Agreement will result in additional tax or interest to the Executive because of Code Section 409A, the payment to the Executive under Section 2 may not commence earlier than six months after termination of the Executive s employment for reasons other than the Executive s death. Payment of benefit amounts otherwise due shall be delayed to the extent necessary under Code Section 409A until the earlier of six (6) months after Separation from Service or the date of Executive s death, as applicable. Any payments that are so delayed shall be paid in a single lump sum in cash in the seventh month following Executive s Separation from Service or, within thirty (30) days after the Executive s death, if earlier. 

3. Amendment; Termination . This Agreement may be amended or terminated only by a written agreement signed by the Bank and the Executive. The Bank may unilaterally amend the Agreement to conform with written directives to the Bank to comply with legislative changes or tax law, including, without limitation, Code Section 409A and any and all Treasury regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder. No amendment shall provide for or otherwise permit any acceleration of the time or schedule of any payment under the Agreement in a manner that would be prohibited under Code Section 409A. No waiver of any provision contained in this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver is asserted. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section 3 , the Bank may elect to terminate the Agreement under any circumstances permitted by Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix). In any such event, the Bank shall distribute to the Executive the Accrual Balance in a single lump sum at the earliest date permitted under such Treasury Regulations. The amount of the benefit (but not the timing of payment) shall be determined as if the effective date of the termination of the Agreement constituted an involuntary discharge by the Bank other than for Cause on or within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control. 

4. ERISA Provisions . 

(a) Plan Administrator Duties . This Agreement shall be administered by the Board of Directors of the Bank (the Board of Directors ), or such committee or person(s) as the Board of Directors shall appoint. The Board of Directors, (or its delegatee(s)) in its capacity as the administrator of the Agreement for purposes of ERISA, shall have the discretion and authority to (i) make, amend, interpret and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of this Agreement; and (ii) decide or resolve any and all questions including interpretations of this Agreement, as may arise in connection with the Agreement. The decision or action of the Board of Directors (or its delegatee) with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation and application of the Agreement and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the Agreement. The Named Fiduciary under the Agreement is the Bank. 

(b) Claims Procedures . 

(i) Notice of Denial . 

(1) If Executive or a Beneficiary (a claimant is denied a claim for benefits under this Agreement, the Claims Administrator shall provide to the claimant written notice of the adverse benefit determination (whether such claim is denied in whole or in part) within a reasonable period of time but no later than ninety (90) days after the Claims Administrator receives the claim. However, under special circumstances (to be determined by the Claims Administrator), the Claims Administrator may extend the time for processing the claim to a day no later than one hundred eighty (180) days after the Claims Administrator receives the claim. The claimant shall be notified in writing within the initial 90-day period of the need to extend the time for review, the special circumstances requiring an extension, and the date by which a decision is expected. 

(2) With respect to a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled, the Claims Administrator shall provide to the claimant written notice of the adverse benefit determination within a reasonable period of time but no later than forty-five (45) days after the Claims Administrator receives the claim. This 45-day period may be extended up to thirty (30) days if an extension is necessary due to matters beyond the control of the Agreement (to be determined by the Claims Administrator) and the claimant is notified, prior to the expiration of the initial 45-day period, of the circumstances requiring the extension of time and the date by which the Claims Administrator expects to render a decision. If, prior to the end of the first 30-day extension period, the Claims Administrator determines that, due to matters beyond the control of the Agreement (to be determined by the Claims Administrator), a decision cannot be rendered within that extension period, the period for making the determination may be extended for up to an additional thirty (30) days, provided that the Claims Administrator notifies the claimant, prior to the expiration of the initial 30-day extension period, of the circumstances requiring the extension and the date as of which the Claims Administrator expects to render a decision. In the case of any such extension, the notice of extension shall also specifically explain the standards on which entitlement to a benefit is based, the unresolved issues that prevent a decision on the claim, and the additional information needed to resolve those issues, and the claimant shall have at least forty-five (45) days within which to provide the specified information, if any. 

(ii) Contents of Notice of Denial . If a claimant is denied a claim for benefits under this Agreement, the Claims Administrator shall provide to such claimant written notice of the denial. Any such notice of an adverse benefit determination shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant (and with respect to a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled, be provided in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner) and shall set forth: 

(1) the specific reason or reasons for the denial; 

(2) specific references to the pertinent provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; 

(3) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; 

(4) an explanation of this Agreement s claim review procedures, and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review; 

(5) in the case of a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled: 

(A) a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following: the views presented by the claimant to the Agreement of health care professionals treating the claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the claimant, the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Agreement in connection with a claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination, and a disability determination regarding the claimant presented by the claimant to the Agreement made by the Social Security Administration; 

(B) if the adverse benefit determination is based on a medical necessity or experimental treatment or similar exclusion or limit, either an explanation of the scientific or clinical judgment for the determination, applying the terms of the Agreement to the claimant s medical circumstances, or a statement that such explanation will be provided free of charge upon request in writing; 

(C) the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria of the Agreement relied upon in making the adverse determination, or, alternatively, a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria of the Agreement do not exist; and 

(D) a statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claimant s claim for benefits. 

(iii) Right to Review . After receiving written notice of the denial of a claim, a claimant or his representative shall be entitled to: 

(1) submit written comments, documents, records, and other information relating to the denied claim to the Claims Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary, as applicable; and 

(2) request, free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim 

(3) request a full and fair review of the denial of the claim by written application to the Claims Administrator (or Appeals Fiduciary in the case of a claim for benefits payable due to Executive being Permanently Disabled), which shall include: 

(A) a review that takes into account all comments, documents, records, and other information submitted by the claimant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination; and 

(B) in the case of a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled: 

i. before issuing an adverse benefit determination on review, providing the claimant, free of charge with any new or additional evidence considered, relied upon, or generated by the Agreement or other person making the benefit determination (or at the direction of the Agreement or such other person) in connection with the claim as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the claimant a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date; and 

ii. before issuing an adverse benefit determination on review based on a new or additional rationale, providing the claimant, free of charge, with the rationale as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the claimant a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 

(iv) Application for Review . 

(1) If a claimant wishes a review of the decision denying his claim to benefits under this Agreement, other than a claim described in paragraph (2) of this Section 4(b)(iv) , he must submit the written application to the Claims Administrator within sixty (60) days after receiving written notice of the denial. 

(2) If the claimant wishes a review of the decision denying his claim to benefits under this Agreement due to Executive being Permanently Disabled, he must submit the written application to the Appeals Fiduciary within one hundred eighty (180) days after receiving written notice of the denial. 

(v) Hearing . Upon receiving such written application for review, the Claims Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary, as applicable, may schedule a hearing for purposes of reviewing the claimant s claim, which hearing shall take place not more than thirty (30) days from the date on which the Claims Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary received such written application for review. 

(vi) Notice of Hearing . At least ten (10) days prior to the scheduled hearing, the claimant and his representative designated in writing by him, if any, shall receive written notice of the date, time, and place of such scheduled hearing. The claimant or his representative, if any, may request that the hearing be rescheduled, for his convenience, on another reasonable date or at another reasonable time or place. 

(vii) Counsel . All claimants requesting a review of the decision denying their claim for benefits may employ counsel for purposes of the hearing. 

(viii) Decision on Review . No later than sixty (60) days (forty-five (45) days with respect to a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled) following the receipt of the written application for review, the Claims Administrator or the Appeals Fiduciary, as applicable, shall submit its decision on the review in writing to the claimant involved and to his representative, if any, unless the Claims Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary determines that special circumstances (such as the need to hold a hearing) require an extension of time, to a day no later than one hundred twenty (120) days (ninety (90) days with respect to a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled) after the date of receipt of the written application for review. If the Claims Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary determines that the extension of time is required, the Claims Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary shall furnish to the claimant written notice of the extension before the expiration of the initial sixty (60) day (forty-five (45) days with respect to a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled) period. The extension notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Claims Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary expects to render its decision on review. In the case of a decision adverse to the claimant, the Claims Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary shall provide to the claimant written notice of the denial. Any such notice of an adverse benefit determination shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant (and with respect to a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled, be provided in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner) and shall include: 

(1) the specific reason or reasons for the adverse benefit determination; 

(2) specific references to the pertinent provisions of this Agreement on which the adverse benefit determination is based; 

(3) a statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claimant s claim for benefits; 

(4) a statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following the adverse benefit determination on review; 

(5) a statement regarding the availability of other voluntary alternative dispute resolution options; 

(6) in the case of a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled: 

(A) a description of any contractual limitations period that applies to the claimant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA, including the calendar date on which the contractual limitations period expires for the claim; 

(B) a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following: the views presented by the claimant to the Agreement of health care professionals treating the claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the claimant, the views of medical or vocational professionals whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Agreement in connection with a claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the determination, and a disability determination regarding the claimant presented by the claimant to the Agreement made by the Social Security Administration; 

(C) if the adverse benefit determination is based on a medical necessity or experimental treatment or similar exclusion or limit, either an explanation of the scientific or clinical judgment for the determination, applying the terms of the Agreement to the claimant s medical circumstances, or a statement that such explanation will be provided free of charge upon request; and 

(D) the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria of the Agreement relied upon in making the adverse determination, or a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria do not exist. 

The Claims Administrator has the discretionary authority to determine all interpretative issues arising under this Agreement and the interpretations of the Claims Administrator shall be final and binding upon Executive or any other party claiming benefits under this Agreement. 

(ix) Calculating Time Periods . The period of time within which a benefit determination initially or on review is required to be made shall begin at the time a claim or request for review is filed in accordance with the procedures of the Agreement, without regard to whether all the information necessary to make a benefit determination accompanies the filing. In the event that a period of time is extended due to the failure of a claimant to submit information necessary to decide a claim or review, the period for making the benefit determination shall be tolled from the date on which the notification of the extension is sent to the claimant until the date on which the claimant responds to the request for additional information. 

(x) Standards for Culturally and Linguistically Appropriate Notices . With respect to any notices required to be provided in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner, the Agreement shall provide (i) oral language services in the applicable non-English language (that include answering questions in any applicable non-English language and providing assistance with filing claims in any applicable non-English language), (ii) a statement in the applicable non-English language, prominently displayed on notices, explaining how to access language services and (iii) notices in the applicable non-English language upon request. For this purpose, a non-English language is an applicable non-English language if 10 or more of the population residing in the county for which the notice is sent is literate only in the same non-English language. 

(xi) Adjudication of Disability Benefit Claims: Independence and Impartiality . All claims and appeals with respect to benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled shall adjudicated in a manner designed to ensure the independence and impartiality of the persons involved in making the decision. Accordingly, decisions regarding hiring, compensation, termination, promotion, or other similar matters with respect to any individual (such as a claims adjudicator or medical or vocational expert) shall not be based upon the likelihood that the individual will support the denial of benefits. 

(xii) Exhaustion of Administrative Remedies Available under the Agreement . 

(1) In no event will Executive be entitled to challenge the Claims Administrator s decision in court or any other proceeding unless and until these claims procedures are exhausted. The Executive then shall have one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of receipt of the Claims Administrator s decision on appeal in which to file suit regarding a claim for benefits under this Agreement. If suit is not filed within such one hundred eighty (180)-day period, it shall be forever barred. 

(2) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled, if the Claims Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary, as applicable, fails to strictly adhere to all the applicable requirements hereunder, the claimant is deemed to have exhausted the administrative remedies available under the Agreement, except as provided in the paragraph below with respect to de minimis violations. If the claimant chooses to pursue remedies under Section 502(a) of ERISA under such circumstances, the claim or appeal is deemed denied on review without the exercise of discretion by an appropriate fiduciary. 

The administrative remedies available under the Agreement will not be deemed exhausted based on de minimis violations that do not cause, and are not likely to cause, prejudice or harm to the claimant, provided the Agreement demonstrates that the violation was for good cause or due to matters beyond the control of the Agreement and that the violation occurred in the context of an ongoing, good faith exchange of information between the Agreement and the claimant. A violation shall not be de minimis if it is part of a pattern or practice of violations by the Agreement. The claimant may request a written explanation of the violation from the Agreement, and the Agreement must provide such explanation within ten (10) days, including a specific description of its bases, if any, for asserting that the violation should not cause the available administrative remedies to be deemed exhausted. If a court rejects the claimant s request for immediate review on the basis that the Agreement met the standards for the de minimis exception the claim shall be considered as refiled on appeal upon the Agreement s receipt of the court s decision. Within a reasonable time after the receipt of the decision, the Agreement shall provide the claimant with notice of the resubmission. 

(xiii) Definitions . For purposes of the Agreement s claims procedures, the following words and phrases shall have the respective meanings set forth below: 

(1) Adverse benefit determination means any of the following: a denial, reduction or termination of, or a failure to provide or make payment (in whole or in part) for, a benefit, including any such denial, reduction, termination, or failure to provide or make payment that is based on a determination of a claimant s eligibility to participate in a plan and with respect to a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled, shall also mean any rescission of disability coverage with respect to a Participant or Beneficiary (whether or not there is an adverse effect on any particular benefit at that time), where rescission means a cancellation or discontinuance of coverage that has retroactive effect, except to the extent it is attributable to a failure to timely pay required premiums or contributions towards the cost of coverage. 

(2) Appeals Fiduciary means an individual or group of individuals appointed by the Claims Administrator to review appeals of claims for benefits payable due to the Executive being Permanently Disabled made pursuant to this Subsection (b). 

(3) Claims Administrator means the Board of Directors or such other person designated by the Board of Directors from time to time and named by notice to Executive. 

(4) A document, record, or other information shall be considered relevant to a claimant s claim if such document, record, or other information (A) was relied upon in making the benefit determination, (B) was submitted, considered, or generated in the course of making the benefit determination, without regard to whether such document, record, or other information was relied upon in making the benefit determination, (C) demonstrates compliance with the administrative processes and safeguards required in making the benefit determination, or (D) in the case of a claim for benefits due to Executive being Permanently Disabled, constitutes a statement of policy or guidance with respect to the Agreement concerning the denied treatment option or benefit for the claimant s diagnosis, without regard to whether such advice or statement was relied upon in making the benefit determination. 

(xiv) Person Authorized to Act on Behalf of Claimant . The Claims Administrator may establish reasonable procedures to permit an authorized person to act on behalf of the claimant (and for determining whether a person has been authorized to act on behalf of a claimant). 

5. Funding by Bank . 

(a) The benefit obligations of the Bank set forth herein constitute an unfunded retirement arrangement, the obligations under which shall be reflected on the general ledger of the Bank (the Retirement Liability ). The general corporate funds of the Bank shall be the sole source of payment of the Retirement Liability. The Bank shall be under no obligation to set aside, earmark or otherwise segregate any funds with which to pay the Retirement Liability. Executive and Executive s Beneficiary or any successor in interest shall be and shall remain unsecured general creditors of the Bank with respect to the Retirement Liability. Executive and Executive s Beneficiary shall have no interest in any property of the Bank or any other rights with respect thereto except to the extent of the contractual right to the Retirement Liability represented by the obligations described in Section 2 of this Agreement. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Bank has no obligation whatsoever to set aside assets, either directly or indirectly, in a trust for purposes of paying the Retirement Liability under this Agreement. The Retirement Liability is not a deposit, is not otherwise funded by the Bank and is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and does not constitute a trust account or any other special obligation of the Bank and does not have priority of payment over any other general obligations of the Bank. If the Bank determines in its sole discretion to set aside assets in a grantor trust for the purpose of paying benefits under this Agreement, the grantor trust shall not be located outside of the United States or subsequently transferred to any trust outside of the United States. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Bank, in its sole discretion, may procure corporate-owned life insurance covering the life of the Executive, with respect to which the Bank shall be the beneficiary, to pay the Bank s obligations under this Agreement. Executive agrees to fully cooperate with the Bank to enable the Bank to procure such life insurance, including undertaking a physical to the extent needed to procure the policy. Executive and Executive s Beneficiary, however, shall have no interest in any such policy of the Bank or any other rights with respect to such policy, the proceeds of which will be paid to the Bank. The Bank in its sole discretion will determine whether to procure any such policy and, if the Bank elects to procure such policy, the face amount of such policy. 

6. Employment of Executive; Other Agreements . The benefits provided for herein for Executive are supplemental retirement benefits and shall not be deemed to modify, affect or limit any salary or salary increases, bonuses, profit sharing or any other type of compensation of Executive in any manner whatsoever. No provision contained in this Agreement shall in any way affect, restrict or limit any existing employment agreement between the Bank and Executive, nor shall any provision or condition contained in this Agreement create specific employment rights of Executive or limit the right of the Bank to discharge Executive with or without cause. 

7. Withholding . 

(a) The Executive is responsible for payment of all taxes applicable to compensation and benefits paid or provided to the Executive under the Agreement, including federal and state income tax withholding, except the Bank shall withhold any taxes that, in its reasonable judgment, are required to be withheld, including but not limited to taxes owed under Code Section 409A and regulations thereunder, if any, and all employment taxes due to be paid by the Bank pursuant to Code Section 3121(v) and regulations promulgated thereunder i.e ., Federal Insurance Contributions Act FICA taxes on the present value of payments hereunder which are no longer subject to vesting). The Bank s sole liability regarding taxes is to forward any amounts withheld to the appropriate taxing authority(ies). By participating in the Agreement, the Executive consents to the deduction of all tax withholdings attributable to participation in the Agreement from the benefits due under the Agreement or other payments due to the Executive by the Bank to satisfy the employee-portion of such obligations. If insufficient cash wages are available or, if the Executive so desires, the Executive may remit payment in cash for the withholding amounts. 

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement to the contrary, to the extent permitted by Code Section 409A, payments due under the Agreement may be accelerated to pay, where applicable, the FICA tax imposed under Code Sections 3101, 3121(a), and 3121(v)(2) and any state, local, and foreign tax obligations (the Tax Obligations that may be imposed on amounts deferred pursuant to the Agreement prior to the time such amounts are paid or made available and to pay the income tax at source on wages imposed under Code Section 3401 or the corresponding withholding provisions of applicable state, local, or foreign tax laws as a result of an accelerated payment of the Tax Obligations (the Income Tax Obligations ). Accelerated payments pursuant to this Section 7(b) shall not exceed the amount of the Tax Obligations and Income Tax Obligations and shall be made as a payment directly to taxing authorities pursuant to the applicable withholding provisions. Any accelerated payments pursuant to this Section 7(b) shall reduce the benefit otherwise payable to the Executive pursuant to the Agreement. 

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement to the contrary, the Executive shall be liable for all taxes related to payments under this Agreement, and the Bank shall not be liable to any interested party for any such taxes or if the Agreement fails to be exempt from or to comply with Code Section 409A. 

8. Jury Trial Waiver . EXECUTIVE AND THE BANK HEREBY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL DISPUTES, CONTROVERSIES AND CLAIMS BY, BETWEEN OR AGAINST EXECUTIVE OR THE BANK, WHETHER THE DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM IS SUBMITTED TO ARBITRATION OR IS DECIDED BY A COURT. 

Executive must initial here: 

9. Miscellaneous Provisions . 

(a) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile transmission of an executed counterpart. 

(b) Construction . As used in this Agreement, the neuter gender shall include the masculine and the feminine, the masculine and feminine genders shall be interchangeable among themselves and each with the neuter, the singular numbers shall include the plural, and the plural the singular. The term person shall include all persons and entities of every nature whatsoever, including, but not limited to, individuals, corporations, partnerships, governmental entities and associations. The terms including, included, such as and terms of similar import shall not imply the exclusion of other items not specifically enumerated. 

(c) Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance shall be held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or inconsistent with any present or future law, ruling, rule or regulation of any court, governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the subject matter of this Agreement, such provision shall be rescinded or modified in accordance with such law, ruling, rule or regulation and the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such provision to the person or circumstances other than those as to which it is held inconsistent shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law. 

(d) Governing Law . This Agreement is made in the State of Florida and shall be governed in all respects and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its conflicts of law principles, except to the extent superseded by the Federal laws of the United States. 

(e) Binding Effect . This Agreement is binding upon the parties, their respective successors, assigns, heirs and legal representatives. Without limiting the foregoing this Agreement shall be binding upon any successor of the Bank whether by merger or acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or liabilities of the Bank. This Agreement may not be assigned by any party without the prior written consent of each other party hereto. 

(f) No Trust . Nothing contained in this Agreement and no action taken pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Bank and Executive, Executive s Beneficiary or any other person. 

(g) Assignment of Rights and Benefits . No right or benefit provided in this Agreement will be transferable by Executive except, upon his death, to a named Beneficiary as provided in this Agreement. No right or benefit provided for in the Agreement will be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, or charge the same will be void. No right or benefit provided for in the Agreement will in any manner be liable for or subject to any debts, contracts, liabilities or torts of the person entitled to such benefits; provided, however, that the undistributed portion of any benefit payable hereunder shall at all times be subject to set-off for debts owed by Executive to the Bank. 

(h) Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, are hereby superseded, merged and integrated into this Agreement. 

(i) Notices . All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and, if mailed by prepaid first-class mail or certified mail, return receipt requested, shall be deemed to have been received on the earlier of the date shown on the receipt or three (3) business days after the postmarked date thereof. In addition, notices hereunder may be delivered by hand, facsimile transmission or overnight courier, in which event the notice shall be deemed effective when delivered or transmitted. All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be given to the parties hereto, at the following addresses: 

Bank: 

Prime Meridian Bank 

 1897 Capital Circle NE, Second Floor 

 Tallahassee, Florida 

 Attention: Jill McMillan 

Executive: Address on file with Bank 

(j) Non-waiver . No delay or failure by either party to exercise any right under this Agreement, and no partial or single exercise of that right, shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right. 

(k) Headings . Headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used to interpret or construe its provisions. 

(l) Accelerated Payouts in the Event of 409A Violations . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement to the contrary, the Bank shall make payments hereunder before such payments are otherwise due if it determines that the provisions of the Agreement fail to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; provided, however, that such payment(s) may not exceed the amount required to be included in income as a result of such failure to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and, to the extent permissible therein, any taxes, penalties, interest and costs attributable thereto. 

10. Definitions . Where the following words and phrases appear in the Agreement, they shall have the respective meanings set forth below, unless their context clearly indicates to the contrary: 

(a) Account means the bookkeeping account established by the Bank under this Agreement for the benefit of Executive and to which the Bank shall record the amount of each contribution. 

(b) Account Balance means, as of any date, the aggregate amount credited to the Executive s Account under this Agreement. The Bank, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine what, if any, amounts shall be credited to Executive s Account in any particular calendar year, provided, however, if Executive remains in the Continuous Service of the Bank until attaining Normal Retirement Age, that the Bank must credit to the Executive s Account, no later than the Executive s Normal Retirement Age, the amount that would result in an Account Balance at the time of Executive s Normal Retirement Date equal to the present value, using the Discount Rate and reasonable actuarial assumptions in accordance with GAAP as reasonably applied by the Bank, of 50,000 of annual retirement benefits for ten (10) years in equal monthly installments on the first day of each month commencing upon the Executive s Normal Retirement Date. 

(c) Beneficiary shall mean the person(s) designated by the Executive to receive any death benefits described under Section 2(e) of the Agreement. The Executive shall designate his Beneficiary in writing to the Bank pursuant to procedures as may be established from time to time; provided, however, if no such designation has been made or if the Beneficiary predeceases Executive, the Beneficiary of Executive under this Agreement shall be Executive s legally married spouse, if any, or, if there is no legally married surviving spouse, the Beneficiary shall be Executive s estate. 

(d) Cause shall have the same meaning given to the same or similar term in any employment agreement between the parties as may be in effect from time to time; provided, however, if there is no such term or similar term in the employment agreement or if there is no such employment agreement, then the term shall mean (i) intentional misconduct or gross malfeasance, or an act or acts of gross negligence in the course of employment or any material breach of the Executive s obligations contained herein, including, without limitation, acts competitive with or deliberately harmful to the business of the Bank; (ii) any intentional misstatement or omission to the directors or executive officers of the Bank with respect to any matter; (iii) the intentional failure of the Executive to follow the reasonable instructions and policies of the Bank; or (iv) the Executive s conviction, admission or confession of any felony or an unlawful act involving active and willful fraud or moral turpitude. 

(e) Change in Control shall mean (i) any transaction, whether by merger, consolidation, asset sale, recapitalization, reorganization, combination, stock purchase, tender offer, reverse stock split, or otherwise, which results in the acquisition of, or beneficial ownership (as such term is defined under rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) by any entity, person or any group thereof acting in concert, of 50 or more of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Holding Company; or (ii) the sale of 50 or more of the collective assets of the Holding Company. For purposes of this Section 10(f) , persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Holding Company. Change in Control shall be construed consistent with its meaning under Section 409A of the Code. 

(f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(g) Continuous Service shall mean continuous full-time employment by the Executive with the Bank or any affiliates as a common law employee. 

(h) ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, 

(i) Normal Retirement Age means the attainment of age sixty-five (65) by the Executive. 

(j) Permanently Disabled shall mean any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months that results in Executive (i) being unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity; or (ii) receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under the Bank s long-term disability plan covering Executive. The determination of whether Executive is Permanently Disabled shall be made by the Bank and shall be construed consistent with its meaning under Section 409A of the Code. 

(k) Separation from Service shall mean a termination of the Executive s employment where either (i) the Executive has ceased to perform any services for the Bank and all affiliated companies that, together with the Bank, constitute the service recipient within the meaning of Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder (collectively, the Service Recipient or (ii) the level of bona fide services the Executive performs for the Service Recipient after a given date (whether as an employee or as an independent contractor) permanently decreases (excluding either a decrease as a result of military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, so long as the Executive retains a right to reemployment with the Service Recipient under an applicable statute or by contract or any other decrease permitted under Code Section 409A) to no more than twenty percent (20 of the average level of bona fide services performed for the Service Recipient (whether as an employee or an independent contractor) over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the full period of service if the Executive has been providing services to the Service Recipient for less than 36 months), consistent with a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. All references to termination or discharge of employment shall be deemed to refer to a separation from service. 

(l) Discount Rate shall mean the interest rate designated by the Board of Directors for determining the present value of any benefits payable under this Agreement and/or the amount of the installment payments necessary to fully amortize the Executive s Account at the designated Discount Rate over the specified payment period. The Board of Directors has the authority to designate and/or adjust the Discount Rate, in its sole discretion, so as to maintain the rate within reasonable standards according to GAAP and applicable bank regulatory guidance. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

PRIME MERIDIAN BANK: 

By: 

Name: Sammie D. Dixon 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE : 

Kyle D. Phelps 

DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY FORM 
 UNDER 
 DEFINED CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 

Pursuant to Section 10(d) of the DEFINED CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), I, KYLE D. PHELPS hereby designate the beneficiary(ies) listed below to receive any benefits under the Agreement that may be due following my death. This designation shall replace and revoke any prior designation of beneficiary(ies) made by me under the Agreement. 

Full Name(s), Address(es) and Social Security Number(s) of Primary Beneficiary(ies) : 

If more than one beneficiary is named above, the beneficiaries will share equally in any benefits, unless you have otherwise provided above. Further, if you have named more than one beneficiary and one or more of the beneficiaries is deceased at the time of your death, any remaining beneficiary(ies) will share equally, unless you have provided otherwise above. If no primary beneficiary survives you, then the contingent beneficiary designated below will receive any benefits due upon your death. In the event you have no designated beneficiary upon your death, any benefits due will be paid to your legally-married spouse, if any, or, if there is no legally-married surviving spouse, to your estate. In the event that you are naming a beneficiary that is not a person, please provide pertinent information regarding the designation. 

Full Name, Address and Social Security Number of Contingent Beneficiary : 

Date 

 Kyle D. Phelps 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 3
 ex_451702.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.28

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 10.28 

Prime Meridian Bank 

SPLIT DOLLAR LIFE INSURANCE AGREEMENT 

Economic Benefit Regime Endorsement Method 

THIS SPLIT DOLLAR LIFE INSURANCE AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and entered into this 1st day of January, 2022, by and between Prime Meridian Bank (the Bank ), and Kyle Phelps (the "Insured"). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the Insured is employed by the Bank; and 

WHEREAS , the Bank highly values the efforts, abilities, and accomplishments of the Insured and, as an inducement for the Insured s continued employment, wishes to assist the Insured with his personal insurance program; and 

WHEREAS , the Bank has determined that this assistance can best be provided under a "split-dollar" arrangement as defined in Treasury Regulations 1.61-22(b)(1) (2); and 

WHEREAS , the Bank wishes to provide life insurance protection for the Insured s family in the event of the Insured s death, under policies of life insurance insuring the life of the Insured (the Policy or the Policies ), which are described in Exhibit A attached hereto, and which were or are being issued by Protective Life Insurance and Midland National, (the Insurer or Insurers with such additions and deletions as may be made from time to time by amendments to Exhibit A; and 

WHEREAS , the Bank is willing to pay the premiums due on the Policies as an additional employment benefit for the Insured, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and 

WHEREAS , the Bank is the sole owner of the Policies and elects to endorse a portion of the death benefit of the Policies to the Insured. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual undertakings set forth in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Bank and the Insured agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

 Definitions 

1.1 Refer to Policy contracts for the definitions of any terms in this Agreement that are not defined herein. If the definition of a term in a Policy is inconsistent with the definition of a term in this Agreement, then the definition of the term as set forth in this Agreement shall supersede and replace the definition of the terms as set forth in the Policy. 

ARTICLE II 

 "Purchase of Policies" 

2.1 The parties hereto have taken or will take all necessary action to cause the Insurers to issue the Policies, and shall take any further action which may be necessary to cause the Policies to conform to the provisions of this Agreement. The parties hereto agree that the Policies shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and of the endorsement to the Policies filed with the Insurers. 

ARTICLE III 

 "Policy Title and Ownership" 

3.1 Title and ownership of the Policies shall reside in the Bank for its use and for the use of the Insured, all in accordance with this Agreement. The Bank alone may, to the extent of its interest, exercise the right to borrow or withdraw on the Policy cash values. Where the Bank and the Insured (or assignee, with the consent of the Insured) mutually agree to exercise the right to increase the coverage under the subject Policy, then, in such event, the rights, duties and benefits of the parties to such increased coverage shall continue to be subject to the terms of this Agreement. 

3.2 The Bank, at its sole discretion, shall have the right to determine the face amount of each Policy purchased on the Insured and shall have the right to determine whether the Policies are term, universal or whole life. 

ARTICLE IV 

 Beneficiary 

4.1 Beneficiary Designation. The Insured shall have the right and power to designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive the Insured s share of the proceeds payable upon the death of the Insured and to elect and change a payment option for such beneficiary, subject to any right or interest the Bank may have in such proceeds, as provided in this Agreement. The Insured shall have the right to name such beneficiary at any time prior to the Insured s death and submit it to the Plan Administrator (or Plan Administrator s representative) on the written form provided. The Insured s beneficiary designation shall be deemed automatically revoked if the Insured names a spouse as beneficiary and the marriage is subsequently dissolved. 

4.2 Beneficiary Acknowledgement. Once received and acknowledged by the Plan Administrator, the form shall be effective. The Insured may change a beneficiary designation at any time by submitting a new form to the Plan Administrator. Any such change shall follow the same rules as for the original beneficiary designation and shall automatically supersede the existing beneficiary form on file with the Plan Administrator. Upon the acceptance by the Bank of a new beneficiary form, all previously filed beneficiary forms shall be cancelled. The Bank shall be entitled to rely on the last beneficiary form filed by the Insured and accepted by the Bank prior to the Insured s death. 

4.3 No Beneficiary Designation. If the Insured dies without a valid beneficiary designation on file with the Plan Administrator, or if all designated beneficiaries predecease the Insured, then the Insured s surviving spouse shall be the designated beneficiary. If the Insured has no surviving spouse, the benefits shall be made payable to the Insured s estate. 

4.4 Facility of Payment. If the Plan Administrator determines in its discretion that a benefit is to be paid to a minor, to a person declared incompetent, or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of that person s property, the Plan Administrator may direct distribution of such benefit to the guardian, legal representative or person having the care or custody of such minor, incompetent person or incapable person. The Plan Administrator may require proof of incompetence, minority or guardianship as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution of the benefit. Any distribution of a benefit shall be a distribution for the account of the Insured and the beneficiary, as the case may be, and shall be a complete discharge of any liability under the Agreement for such distribution amount. 

ARTICLE V 

 "Premium Payment and Taxable Benefit" 

5.1 Premium Payment. The Bank shall pay an amount equal to the planned premiums and any other premium payments that might become necessary to keep the Policies in force as determined by the Insurers. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Bank shall have the absolute and sole right to terminate or surrender the Policies. 

5.2 Taxable Benefit. The Bank shall determine the economic benefit attributable to the Insured based on the life insurance premium factor for the Insured s age multiplied by the amount of current life insurance protection payable to the Insured s beneficiary. The life insurance premium factor is the minimum amount required to be imputed under Treasury Regulation 1.61-22(d)(3)(ii) or any subsequent applicable authority. 

5.3 Imputed Income. The Bank shall impute the economic benefit to the Insured on an annual basis, by adding the economic benefit to the Insured s W-2, or if applicable, Form 1099. 

ARTICLE VI 

 "Ownership of the Cash Surrender Value of the Policies" 

6.1 The Bank shall at all times be entitled to one hundred percent (100 of each Policy s cash value, as that term is defined in the Policy contract, less any Policy loans and unpaid interest or cash withdrawals previously incurred by the Bank. Such cash value shall be determined as of the date of surrender or death as the case may be. 

ARTICLE VII 

 "Rights of Insured or Assignees" 

7.1 The Insured may not, without the written consent of the Bank, assign to any individual, trust or other organization, any right, title or interest in the subject Policies nor any rights, options, privileges or duties created under this Agreement, other than the right to name a beneficiary(ies) from time to time. 

ARTICLE VIII 

 "Limitations on Bank s Rights in Policies" 

8.1 Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary, the Bank shall have the right to sell or surrender a Policy without terminating this Agreement, provided (i) the Bank replaces the Policy with a comparable life insurance policy or arrangement that provides the benefit provided under this Agreement and (ii) the Bank and the Insured (who will not unreasonably withhold his signature) execute a new Policy endorsement for said comparable coverage arrangement, at which time all references to Policy hereunder shall refer to such replacement coverage arrangement. Without limitation, the Policies at all times shall be the exclusive property of the Bank and shall be subject to the claims of the Bank s creditors. 

ARTICLE IX 

 "Policy Loans" 

9.1 The Bank may pledge or assign the Policies, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the sole purpose of securing a loan from the Insurer or from a third party. Interest charges on such loan shall be paid by the Bank. If the Bank so encumbers the Policies, other than by a Policy loan from the Insurer, then, upon the death of the Insured, the Bank shall promptly take all action necessary to secure the release or discharge of such encumbrance. 

ARTICLE X 

 "Division of Death Proceeds" 

10.1 Insured s Death Benefit. The Insured s Death Benefit shall mean, upon the death of the Insured while this Agreement is in force, the Insured s beneficiary shall be entitled to an amount of aggregate Policy death proceeds equal to 421,766 limited to one hundred percent (100 of the Net Amount at Risk insurance portion of the proceeds. For purposes of this Agreement, Net Amount at Risk will mean the difference between the total death proceeds payable under the Policies less the aggregate cash value of the Policies measured as of the date giving rise to the need for such calculation. The receipt of this amount by the beneficiary shall constitute satisfaction of the Insured s rights under this Agreement. 

10.2 Bank s Benefit. Upon the death of the Insured, the Bank shall be entitled to receive the remainder of the aggregate Policy death proceeds not payable under Section 10.1 above. 

10.3 Benefit Paid by Insurer. The benefit payable to the Insured s beneficiary shall be paid solely by the Insurer from the proceeds of the Policies on the life of the Insured. In no event shall the Bank be obligated to pay a death benefit under this Agreement from its general funds. Should an Insurer refuse or be unable to pay death proceeds endorsed to Insured under the express terms of this Agreement, or should the Bank cancel the Policies for any reason, neither the Insured nor any beneficiary shall be entitled to a death benefit. 

10.4 Suicide or Misstatement. The amount of the benefit payable to the Insured s beneficiary may be reduced or eliminated if Insured fails or refuses to take a physical examination, to truthfully and completely supply such information or complete any forms as may be required by the Bank or Insurer, or otherwise fails to cooperate with the requests of the Bank or the Insurer, or if the Insured dies under circumstances such that a Policy does not pay a full death benefit, e.g., in the case of suicide within the exclusionary period of the Policy; provided, however the Bank shall evaluate the reason for the denial, and upon advice of legal counsel and in its sole discretion, consider judicially challenging any denial. 

ARTICLE XI 

 "Termination of the Agreement 

11.1 This Agreement shall terminate upon the occurrence of any one of the following: 

 (1) The total cessation of the business of the Bank; 

 (2) The bankruptcy, receivership or dissolution of the Bank; 

 (3) The termination of the Insured s employment; 

 (4) While the Insured is living by written notice thereof by either the Bank or the Insured to the other; 

 (5) Surrender, lapse, or other termination of the Policies by the Bank; or 

 (6) Upon distribution of the death benefit proceeds in accordance with Article X. 

Upon the termination of this Agreement, the Bank may make such disposition of the Policies as it determines to be appropriate. Insured will have no rights in such Policies or the death benefit proceeds thereof, if this Agreement is terminated. 

ARTICLE XII 

 "Insurer Not a Party 

12.1 The Insurers shall be fully discharged from their obligations under the Policies by payment of the Policy death benefits to the beneficiary or beneficiaries named in the Policies, subject to the terms and conditions of the Policies. In no event shall an Insurer be considered a party to this Agreement, or any modification or amendment hereof, and none of the provisions herein shall in any way be construed as enlarging, changing, varying or in any other way affecting the obligations of the Insurer as expressly provided in the Policies, except insofar as the provisions hereof are made a part of the Policies by the beneficiary designation executed by the Bank and filed with the Insurer in connection herewith. 

ARTICLE XIII 

 "Administration 

13.1 Plan Administrator . This Agreement shall be administered by the Bank s board of directors or any subset of the board at the pleasure of its Chairman (the Plan Administrator ). 

13.2 Plan Administrator Duties. The Plan Administrator shall have the discretion and authority to: (i) make, amend, interpret and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of this Agreement and (ii) decide or resolve any and all questions, including interpretations of this Agreement, as may arise in connection with this Agreement. 

13.3 Binding Effect of Decisions. Any decision or action of the Plan Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation, and application of this Agreement and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final and conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in this Agreement. 

13.4 Indemnity of Plan Administrator. The Bank shall indemnify and hold harmless the members of the Plan Administrator, and those to whom management and operation responsibilities of the plan have been delegated, against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any action or failure to act with respect to this Agreement, except in the case of willful misconduct by the Plan Administrator or any of its members. 

ARTICLE XIV 

 "Claims and Review Procedures 

14.1 Written Claim . A person who believes that he or she is being denied a benefit to which he or she is entitled under this Agreement Claimant may file a written request for such benefit with the Plan Administrator, setting forth his or her claim. The request must be addressed to the Bank at its then principal place of business. 

14.2 Timing of Response . Upon receipt of a claim, the Plan Administrator shall advise the Claimant that a reply will be forthcoming within ninety (90) days and shall, in fact, deliver such reply within such period. The Plan Administrator may, however, extend the reply period for an additional ninety (90) days for reasonable cause. If the claim is denied in whole or in part, the Plan Administrator shall adopt a written opinion, using language calculated to be understood by the Claimant, setting forth: 

(1) The specific reason or reasons for such denial; 

(2) The specific reference to pertinent provisions of this Agreement on which such denial is based; 

(3) A description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect his or her claim and an explanation why such material or such information is necessary; 

(4) Appropriate information as to the steps to be taken if the Claimant wishes to submit the claim for review; and 

(5) The time limits for requesting a review under Section 14.3 and for review under Section 14.4 hereof. 

14.3 Request for Review . Within sixty (60) days after the receipt by the Claimant of the written opinion described in Section 14.2, the Claimant may request in writing that the determination of the Plan Administrator be reviewed. Such request must be addressed to the Bank, at its then principal place of business. The Claimant or his or her duly authorized representative may, but need not, review the pertinent documents and submit issues and comments in writing for consideration by the Plan Administrator. If the Claimant does not request a review of the Plan Administrator s determination within such sixty (60) day period, he or she shall be barred and estopped from challenging the Plan Administrator s determination. 

14.4 Review of Decision . The Plan Administrator will review its determination within sixty (60) days after receipt of a request for review. After considering all materials presented by the Claimant, the Plan Administrator will render a written opinion, written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant, setting forth the specific reasons for the decision and containing specific references to the pertinent provisions of this Agreement on which the decision is based. If special circumstances require that the sixty (60) day time period be extended, the Plan Administrator will so notify the Claimant and will render the decision as soon as possible, but no later than one hundred twenty (120) days after receipt of the request for review. 

ARTICLE XV 

 "Amendment" 

15.1 This Agreement may not be amended, altered, or modified, except by a written instrument signed by the parties hereto, or their respective successors or assigns, and may not be otherwise terminated except as provided herein. 

ARTICLE XVI 

 "Miscellaneous" 

16.1 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Bank and its successors and assigns, and upon the Insured, the Insured s successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and beneficiaries. 

16.2 No Guarantee of Employment . This Agreement is not an employment policy or contract. It does not give the Insured the right to remain an employee of the Bank, nor does it interfere with the Bank s right to discharge the Insured. It also does not require the Insured to remain an Insured nor interfere with the Insured s right to terminate employment at any time. 

16.3 Notices . Any notice, consent or demand required or permitted to be given under the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be signed by the party giving or making the same. If such notice, consent or demand is mailed to a party hereto, it shall be sent by United States certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such party s last known address as shown on the records of the Bank. The date of such mailing shall be deemed the date of notice, consent or demand. 

16.4 Applicable Law . This Agreement and the rights of the parties hereunder, shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Florida, except to the extent preempted by the laws of the United States of America. 

16.5 Gender . Whenever in this Agreement words are used in the masculine or neutral gender, they shall be read and construed as in the masculine, feminine or neutral gender, whenever they should so apply. 

16.6 No Third Party Beneficiaries . The benefits of this Agreement shall not inure to any third party. This Agreement shall not be construed as creating any rights, claims, or cause of action against the Bank or any of its officers, directors, agents, or employees in favor of any person or entity other than the Insured. 

16.7 Severability. If any one or more of the provisions hereof is declared invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired, and that invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability in one jurisdiction shall not affect the validity, legality, or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof. 

16.8 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, along with the Insured s beneficiary designation form, constitutes the entire agreement between the Bank and the Insured as to the subject matter hereof. No rights are granted to the Insured under this Agreement other than those specifically set forth herein. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement this _____ day of ________________, 2022. 

EXECUTIVE : BANK : 

By: 

 Title: PRIME MERIDIAN BANK 

EXHIBIT A 

The following life insurance Policies are subject to the attached Split-Dollar Agreement: 

Insurer: Midland National 

Policy Number: 

Insurer: Protective Life Insurance Co. 

Policy Number: 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_427684.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_427684.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 

 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Sammie D. Dixon, Jr., certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Prime Meridian Holding Company; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 

/s/ Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 

Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 

Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_427685.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_427685.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 

 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Clint F. Weber, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Prime Meridian Holding Company; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 

/s/ Clint F. Weber 

Clint F. Weber 

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_427686.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_427686.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 and Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the 

 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), the undersigned officers of Prime Meridian Holding Company (the Company ), hereby certify that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 9, 2023 

/s/ Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 

Name: Sammie D. Dixon, Jr. 

Title: Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Principal Executive Officer 

Dated: March 9, 2023 

/s/ Clint F. Weber 

Name: Clint F. Weber 

Title: Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, and Principal Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pmhg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pmhg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pmhg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pmhg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pmhg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

