<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_96943_0000096943-23-000024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17053526</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>436046</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2880619</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5650450</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4152102</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3640150</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000096943-23-000024.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223132821
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000096943-23-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TELEFLEX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096943
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				231147939
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05353
		FILM NUMBER:		23658547

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		550 E SWEDESFORD RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-225-6800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		550 E SWEDESFORD RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000096943-23-000024.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 tfx-20221231.htm
 10-K

tfx-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________________ (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission file number 
 _________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer identification no.) , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 NONE 
 _________________________________________________ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant 27,089,952 shares on June 26, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal second quarter) was (1) . The aggregate market value was computed by reference to the closing price of the Common Stock on such date, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. 
 The registrant had shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 21, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1 . 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 Item 1A . 
 RISK FACTORS 
 14 
 Item 1B . 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 28 
 Item 2 . 
 PROPERTIES 
 28 
 Item 3 . 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 28 
 Item 4 . 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 29 
 PART II 
 Item 5 . 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 30 
 Item 6 . 
 RESERVED 30 
 Item 7 . 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 30 
 Item 7A . 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 43 
 Item 8 . 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 44 
 Item 9 . 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 44 
 Item 9A . 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 44 
 Item 9B . 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 45 
 Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 45 
 PART III 
 Item 10 . 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 46 
 Item 11 . 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 46 
 Item 12 . 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 46 
 Item 13 . 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 46 
 Item 14 . 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 46 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 . 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 47 
 Item 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 49 
 SIGNATURES 
 50 

2 

Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 All statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, will, would, should, guidance, potential, continue, project, forecast, confident, prospects and similar expressions typically are used to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on the then-current expectations, beliefs, assumptions, estimates and forecasts about our business and the industry and markets in which we operate. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including: 
 changes in business relationships with and purchases by or from major customers or suppliers; 
 delays or cancellations in shipments; 
 demand for and market acceptance of new and existing products; 
 the impact of inflation and disruptions in our global supply chain on us and our suppliers (particularly sole-source suppliers and providers of sterilization services), including fluctuations in the cost and availability of resins and other raw materials, as well as certain components, used in the production or sterilization of our products, transportation constraints and delays, product shortages, energy shortages or increased energy costs, labor shortages in the United States and elsewhere, and increased operating and labor costs; 
 our inability to integrate acquired businesses into our operations, realize planned synergies and operate such businesses profitably in accordance with our expectations; 
 our inability to effectively execute our restructuring programs; 
 our inability to realize anticipated savings resulting from restructuring plans and programs; 
 the impact of enacted healthcare reform legislation and proposals to amend, replace or repeal the legislation; 
 changes in Medicare, Medicaid and third-party coverage and reimbursements; 
 the impact of tax legislation and related regulations; 
 competitive market conditions and resulting effects on revenues and pricing; 
 global economic factors, including currency exchange rates, interest rates, trade disputes, sovereign debt issues and international conflicts and hostilities, such as the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 
 public health epidemics including the novel coronavirus (referred to as COVID-19); 
 difficulties entering new markets; and 
 general economic conditions. 
 For a further discussion of the risks relating to our business, see Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as otherwise explicitly stated by us or as required by law or regulation. 
 
 3 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Teleflex Incorporated is referred to herein as we, us, our, Teleflex and the Company. 
 THE COMPANY 
 Teleflex is a global provider of medical technology products that enhance clinical benefits, improve patient and provider safety and reduce total procedural costs. We primarily design, develop, manufacture and supply single-use medical devices used by hospitals and healthcare providers for common diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in critical care and surgical applications. We market and sell our products to hospitals and healthcare providers worldwide through a combination of our direct sales force and distributors. Because our products are used in numerous markets and for a variety of procedures, we are not dependent upon any one end-market or procedure. Our major manufacturing operations are located in the Czech Republic, Malaysia, Mexico and the United States (the "U.S."). 
 We are focused on achieving consistent, sustainable and profitable growth and improving our financial performance by increasing our market share and improving our operating efficiencies through: 
 development of new products and product line extensions; 
 investment in new technologies and broadening the application of our existing technologies; 
 expansion of the use of our products in existing markets and introduction of our products into new geographic markets; 
 achievement of economies of scale as we continue to expand by utilizing our direct sales force and distribution network to sell new products, as well as by increasing efficiencies in our sales and marketing organizations, research and development activities and manufacturing and distribution facilities; and 
 expansion of our product portfolio through select acquisitions, licensing arrangements and business partnerships that enhance, expand or expedite our development initiatives or our ability to increase our market share. 
 Our research and development capabilities, commitment to engineering excellence and focus on low-cost manufacturing enable us to bring to market cost effective, innovative products that improve the safety, efficacy and quality of healthcare. Our research and development initiatives focus on developing these products for both existing and new therapeutic applications, as well as developing enhancements to, and product line extensions of, existing products. During 2022 we introduced several product line extensions and six new products. Our portfolio of existing products and products under development consists primarily of Class I and Class II medical devices, most of which require 510(k) clearance by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") for sale in the U.S., and some of which are exempt from the requirement to obtain 510(k) clearance. We believe that seeking 510(k) clearance or qualifying for 510(k)-exempt status reduces our research and development costs and risks, and typically results in a shorter timetable for new product introductions as compared to the premarket approval, or PMA, process that would be required for Class III medical devices. See "Government Regulation" below for additional information. 
 HISTORY AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 Teleflex was founded in 1943 as a manufacturer of precision mechanical push/pull controls for military aircraft. From this original single market, single product orientation, we expanded and evolved through entries into new businesses, development of new products, introduction of products into new geographic or end-markets and acquisitions and dispositions of businesses. Throughout our history, we have continually focused on providing innovative, technology-driven, specialty-engineered products that help our customers meet their business requirements. 
 Beginning in 2007, we significantly changed the composition of our portfolio of businesses, expanding our presence in the medical device industry, while divesting all of our other businesses, which served the aerospace, automotive, industrial and marine markets. Following the divestitures of our marine business and cargo container and systems businesses in 2011, we became exclusively a medical device company. 
 In 2017, we completed two large scale acquisitions: NeoTract, Inc. ("NeoTract") and Vascular Solutions, Inc. Vascular Solutions ). NeoTract was a medical device company that developed and commercialized the UroLift System, a minimally invasive medical device for treating lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia, or BPH. Vascular Solutions was a medical device company that developed and marketed clinical products for use in minimally invasive coronary and peripheral vascular procedures. 
 4 

In 2021, we divested certain product lines within our global respiratory product portfolio to Medline Industries, Inc. Medline (the "Respiratory business divestiture"). We completed the initial phase of the Respiratory business divestiture on June 28, 2021. The second and final phase of the Respiratory business divestiture will occur once we transfer certain additional manufacturing assets to Medline and is expected to occur prior to the end of 2023. 
 See "Our Products" below and Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 We expect to continue to increase the size of our business through a combination of acquisitions and organic growth initiatives. In addition, we may identify further opportunities to expand our margins through strategic divestitures of existing businesses and product lines that no longer meet our objectives. 
 
 Restructuring programs 
 
 We continue to execute our footprint realignment and other restructuring programs designed to improve efficiencies in our manufacturing and distribution facilities and, to a lesser extent, our sales and marketing and research and development organizations. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 OUR SEGMENTS 
 We have four segments: Americas, EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa), Asia (Asia Pacific) and OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer and Development Services). 
 Each of our three geographic segments provides a comprehensive portfolio of medical technology products used by hospitals and healthcare providers. However, certain of our products are more heavily concentrated within certain segments. For example, most of our urology products are sold by our EMEA segment and most of our interventional urology products are sold by our Americas segment. Our product portfolio is described in the products section below. 
 Our OEM segment designs, manufactures and supplies devices and instruments for other medical device manufacturers. Our OEM division, which includes the TFX Medical OEM, TFX OEM, Deknatel and HPC Medical brands, provides custom extrusions, micro-diameter film-cast tubing, diagnostic and interventional catheters, balloons and balloon catheters, film-insulated fine wire, coated mandrel wire, conductors, sheath/dilator introducers, specialized sutures and performance fibers, bioabsorbable sutures, yarns and resins. 
 The following charts depict our net revenues by reportable operating segment as a percentage of our total consolidated net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

OUR PRODUCTS 
 Our product categories within our geographic segments include vascular access, anesthesia, interventional, surgical, interventional urology, respiratory and urology. Each of these categories and the key products sold therein are described in more detail below. 
 5 

Vascular Access: Our Vascular Access product category offers devices that facilitate a variety of critical care therapies and other applications with a focus on helping reduce vascular-related complications. These products primarily consist of our Arrow branded catheters, catheter navigation and tip positioning systems and our intraosseous, or in the bone, access systems. 
 Our catheters are used in a wide range of procedures, including the administration of intravenous therapies, the measurement of blood pressure and the withdrawal of blood samples through a single puncture site. Many of our catheters provide antimicrobial and antithrombogenic protection technology that have been shown to reduce the risk of catheter related bloodstream infections and microbial colonization and thrombus accumulation on catheter surfaces. 
 Our intraosseous access systems are designed for the delivery of medications and fluids when intravenous access is difficult to obtain in emergent, urgent or medically necessary cases. Our products offer a method for vascular access that can be administered quickly and effectively in the hospital and pre-hospital environments and include the EZ-IO Intraosseous Vascular Access System and Arrow FAST1 Sternal Intraosseous Infusion System. 
 Interventional: Our Interventional product category offers devices that facilitate a variety of applications to diagnose and deliver treatment via the vascular system of the body. These products primarily consist of a variety of coronary catheters, structural heart support devices, peripheral intervention products and mechanical circulatory support platform used by interventional cardiologists, interventional radiologists and vascular surgeons. Clinical benefits of our products include increased vein and artery access, post-procedure closure, and increased support during complex medical procedures. Our primary product offerings consist of a portfolio of Arrow branded intra-aortic balloon pumps and catheters, GuideLiner, Turnpike and TrapLiner catheters, the MANTA Vascular Closure device and Arrow OnControl powered bone biopsy system. 
 Anesthesia: Our Anesthesia product category is comprised of airway, pain management and hemostatic product lines that support hospital, emergency medicine and military channels. 
 Our airway management products and related devices are designed to enable use of standard and advanced anesthesia techniques in both pre-hospital emergency and hospital settings. Our key products include laryngoscopes, supraglottic airways, endotracheal tubes and atomization devices, which are branded under our LMA, Rusch and MAD trade names. 
 Our pain management product line includes epidurals, catheters and disposable pain pumps for regional anesthesia, designed to improve patients post-operative pain experience, which are branded under our Arrow trade name. 
 Our hemostatic products accelerate the body's natural clotting cascade and are used in trauma situations where bleeding is difficult to control. The portfolio consists of external hemostats used by first responders, interventional products used in the catheter lab, and trauma products used by trauma surgeons, which are branded under our QuikClot trade name. 
 Surgical: Our Surgical product category consists of single-use and reusable products designed to provide surgeons with devices for use in a variety of surgical procedures. These products primarily consist of metal and polymer ligation clips, fascial closure surgical systems used in laparoscopic surgical procedures, percutaneous surgical systems and other surgical instruments. Our significant surgical brands include Weck, MiniLap, Pleur-Evac, Deknatel, KMedic and Pilling. In 2022, we expanded our product portfolio with the acquisition of Standard Bariatrics, Inc. Standard Bariatrics and the Titan SGS brand, a powered stapling technology for bariatric surgery. 
 
 Interventional Urology: Our interventional urology product category includes the UroLift System, a minimally invasive technology for treating lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia, or BPH. The UroLift System involves the placement of permanent implants, typically through a transurethral outpatient procedure, that hold the prostate lobes apart to relieve compression on the urethra without cutting, heating or removing prostate tissue. Our Interventional Urology product portfolio is most heavily weighted in our Americas segment. 
 Respiratory: Our respiratory products are used in a variety of care settings and primarily consist of humidification and oxygen therapy products. The Respiratory business divestiture included products marketed under the Hudson RCI brand name that comprised oxygen therapy products, aerosol therapy products, spirometry products and ventilation management products. 
 6 

Urology: Our urology product portfolio provides bladder management for patients in the hospital and individuals in the home care markets. The product portfolio consists principally of a wide range of catheters (including Foley and intermittent), urine collectors, catheterization accessories and products for operative endourology, which are marketed under the Teleflex and Rusch brand names. Our urology product portfolio is most heavily weighted in our EMEA segment. 
 OUR MARKETS 
 We generally serve three end-markets: hospitals and healthcare providers, medical device manufacturers and home care. These markets are affected by a number of factors, including demographics, utilization and reimbursement patterns. The following charts depict the percentage of net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 derived from each of our end markets: 
 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 We are subject to comprehensive government regulation both within and outside the U.S. relating to the development, manufacture, sale and distribution of our products. 
 Regulation of Medical Devices in the U.S. 
 All of our medical devices manufactured or distributed in the U.S. are subject to requirements set forth by the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDC Act and regulations promulgated by the FDA under the FDC Act, which are enforced by the FDA. The FDA and, in some cases, other government agencies administer requirements for the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation, servicing, marketing, importing and exporting of all finished devices intended for human use. Additional FDA requirements include premarket clearance and approval, advertising and promotion, distribution and post-market surveillance of our medical devices and establishment of registration and device listing for our facilities. 
 Unless an exemption, pre-amendment grandfather status (that is, medical devices legally marketed in the U.S. before May 28, 1976) or FDA enforcement discretion applies, each medical device that we market in the U.S. must first receive either clearance as a Class I or, typically, a Class II device (after submitting a premarket notification 510(k) or approval as a Class III device (after filing a premarket approval application PMA )) from the FDA pursuant to the FDC Act. To obtain 510(k) clearance, a manufacturer must demonstrate to the FDA that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed device (a 510(k)-cleared device, a pre-amendment device for which FDA has not called for PMAs or a device with a de novo authorization), referred to as the "predicate device." Substantial equivalence is established by the applicant showing that the proposed device has the same intended use as the predicate device, and it either has the same technological characteristics or has been shown to be equally safe and effective and does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process requires regulatory competence to execute and usually takes four to nine months, but it can last longer. A device that is not eligible for the 510(k) process because there is no predicate device may be reviewed by the FDA through the de novo process (the process for granting marketing authorization when no substantially equivalent device exists) if the FDA agrees it is a low to moderate risk device. A device that is not exempt from premarket review and is not eligible for 510(k) clearance or de novo authorization is categorized as Class III and must follow the PMA approval pathway, which requires proof of 
 7 

the safety and effectiveness of the device to the FDA s satisfaction. The process of obtaining PMA approval also requires specific regulatory competence and is more costly, lengthy and uncertain than the 510(k) or de novo processes. The PMA process generally takes from one to three years or even longer. Our portfolio of existing products and pipeline of potential new products consist primarily of Class I (510(k) exempt) and Class II devices that require 510(k) clearance, although a few are 510(k)-exempt. In addition, certain modifications made to devices after they receive clearance or approval may require a new 510(k) clearance or approval of a PMA or PMA supplement. We cannot be sure that 510(k) clearance or PMA approval will be obtained in a timely matter if at all for any device that we propose to market. 
 A clinical trial is almost always required to support a PMA application and is sometimes required for a 510(k) clearance or a de novo authorization. The sponsor of a clinical trial must comply with and conduct the study in accordance with the applicable federal regulations, including FDA s requirements for investigational device exemptions IDE requirements and good clinical practice GCP ). Clinical trials must also be approved, and are subject to continuing oversight, by an institutional review board ("IRB"), which is an appropriately constituted group that has been formally designated to review biomedical research involving human subjects and which has the authority to approve, require modifications to, or disapprove research to protect the rights, safety, and welfare of human research subjects. The FDA may order the temporary or permanent hold or discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial subjects. An IRB may also require the clinical trial to be halted at a given clinical trial site for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements or to adequately ensure the protection of human subjects, or may impose other conditions. Conducting medical device clinical trials is a complex and costly activity and frequently requires the use of outsourced resources that specialize in planning, conducting and/or monitoring the clinical trial for the medical device manufacturer. 
 A device placed on the market must comply with numerous regulatory requirements. Those regulatory requirements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 device listing and establishment registration; 
 adherence to the Quality System Regulation QSR ), which requires stringent design, testing, control, documentation, complaint handling and other quality assurance procedures; 
 labeling, including advertising and promotion, requirements; 
 prohibitions against the promotion of off-label uses or indications; 
 adverse event and malfunction reporting (Medical Device Reports or "MDRs"); 
 post-approval restrictions or conditions, potentially including post-approval clinical trials or other required testing; 
 post-market surveillance requirements; 
 the FDA s recall authority, whereby it can require or request the recall of products from the market; and 
 reporting and documentation of voluntary corrections or removals. 
 The FDA has issued final regulations regarding the Unique Device Identification UDI System, which requires manufacturers to label or mark certain medical devices and/or their packaging with unique identifiers. Although the FDA expects that the UDI System will help track products during recalls and improve patient safety, it has required us to make changes to our manufacturing and labeling. The UDI System was implemented in stages based on device risk, with the first requirements having taken effect in September 2014 and the last in December 2022. 
 Certain of our medical devices are sold in kits that include a drug component, such as lidocaine. These types of kits are generally regulated as combination products within the Center for Devices and Radiological Health ("CDRH") under the device regulations because the device provides the primary mode of action of the kit. Although the kit as a whole is regulated as a medical device, it may be subject to certain drug requirements such as current good manufacturing practices cGMPs and adverse drug experience reporting requirements, to the extent applicable to the drug-component repackaging activities and subject to inspection to verify compliance with cGMPs as well as other regulatory requirements. 
 Our manufacturing facilities, as well as those of certain of our suppliers, are subject to periodic and for-cause inspections by FDA personnel to verify compliance with the QSR (21 CFR Part 820) as well as other regulatory requirements. Similar inspections and audits are performed by Notified Bodies to verify compliance to applicable 
 8 

ISO standards (e.g. ISO 13485:2016), by auditing organizations under the Medical Device Single Audit Program ("MDSAP") applicable to regulatory requirements of Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan and the U.S., and/or by regulatory authorities to verify compliance with medical device regulations and requirements from the countries in which we distribute product. If the FDA were to find that we or certain of our suppliers have failed to comply with applicable regulations, it could institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, ranging from issuance of a warning or untitled letter to more severe sanctions, such as product recalls or seizures, civil penalties, consent decrees, injunctions, criminal prosecution, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production, refusal to permit importation or exportation, refusal to grant, or delays in granting, clearances or approvals or withdrawal or suspension of existing clearances or approvals. The FDA also has the authority under certain circumstances to request repair, replacement or refund of the cost of any medical device manufactured or distributed by us. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Regulation of Medical Devices Outside of the U.S. 
 Medical device laws also are in effect in many of the markets outside of the U.S. in which we do business. These laws range from comprehensive device approval requirements for some or all of our products to requests for product data or certifications. Inspection of and controls over manufacturing, as well as monitoring of device-related adverse events, are components of most of these regulatory systems. Manufacturing certification requirements and audits through the MDSAP program or other regulatory authority inspections also apply. In addition, the European Union EU has adopted the EU Medical Device Regulation (the EU MDR ), which imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices (as compared to the predecessor Medical Device Directive (the "EU MDD")), including in the area of clinical evaluation requirements, quality systems, economic operators and post-market surveillance. The EU MDR went into effect in May 2021. As of the effective date, new and modified devices must be certified under, and be compliant with, the EU MDR. Devices that previously satisfied EU MDD requirements can continue to be marketed in the EU, subject to certain limitations, until the expiration of their current EU MDD certifications, which may be no later than May 2024, but certain EU MDR requirements went into effect for such devices in May 2021. In February 2023, the European Parliament and Council approved an amendment to extend the EU MDR certification deadline for currently marketed devices past May 2024, with December 2027 as the new deadline for highest-risk devices and December 2028 for lower-risk devices. Failure to obtain EU MDR certifications prior to the expiration of existing EU MDD certifications may limit our ability to sell certain products in the EU until EU MDR certification is obtained. Failure to meet the applicable EU MDR requirements could adversely impact our business in the EU and other regions that tie their product registrations to the EU requirements. 
 Healthcare Laws 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws in the U.S. targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. These laws prohibit us from, among other things, soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration to induce the referral or use of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally or state financed healthcare programs. Violations of these laws are punishable by imprisonment, criminal fines, civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. In addition, we are subject to federal and state false claims laws in the U.S. that prohibit the submission of false payment claims under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally or state funded programs. Certain marketing practices, such as off-label promotion, and violations of federal anti-kickback laws may also constitute violations of these laws. 
 In addition, we are subject to various federal and state reporting and disclosure requirements related to the healthcare industry. Rules issued by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ("CMS") require us to collect and report information on payments or transfers of value to physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified registered nurse anesthetists, certified nurse-midwives and teaching hospitals, as well as investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. The reported data is available to the public on the CMS website. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties. In addition, several states now require medical device companies to report expenses relating to the marketing and promotion of device products and to report gifts and payments to individual physicians in these states. Other states prohibit various other marketing-related activities. The federal government and certain other states require the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes. The shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with the different compliance and/or reporting requirements among a number of jurisdictions increases the possibility that a healthcare company may violate one or more of the requirements, resulting in increased compliance costs that could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 9 

Further, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the Affordable Care Act ), imposed regulatory mandates and other measures designed to contain the cost of healthcare, in addition to annual reporting and disclosure requirements on device manufacturers for any transfer of value made or distributed to physicians or teaching hospitals. Violations of these laws are punishable by a range of fines, penalties and other sanctions. 
 Other Regulatory Requirements 
 We are also subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws applicable in jurisdictions outside the U.S. that generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from improperly offering or paying anything of value to non-U.S. government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Because of the predominance of government-sponsored healthcare systems around the world, most of our customer relationships outside of the U.S. are with government entities and are therefore subject to such anti-bribery laws. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree, and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. In the sale, delivery and servicing of our medical devices and software outside of the U.S., we must also comply with various export control and trade embargo laws and regulations, including those administered by the Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC and the Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security BIS which may require licenses or other authorizations for transactions relating to certain countries and/or with certain individuals identified by the U.S. government. Despite our global trade and compliance program, our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees, distributors or other agents. Violations of these requirements are punishable by criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines and imprisonment. 
 COMPETITION 
 The medical device industry is highly competitive. We compete with many companies, ranging from small start-up enterprises to companies that are larger and more established than us and have access to significantly greater financial resources. Furthermore, extensive product research and development and rapid technological advances characterize the market in which we compete. We must continue to develop and acquire new products and technologies for our businesses to remain competitive. We believe that we compete primarily on the basis of clinical superiority and innovative features that enhance patient benefit, product reliability, performance, customer and sales support, and cost-effectiveness. 
 SALES AND MARKETING 
 Our product sales are made directly to hospitals, healthcare providers, distributors and to original equipment manufacturers of medical devices through our own sales forces, independent representatives and independent distributor networks. 
 BACKLOG 
 Most of our products are sold to hospitals or healthcare providers on orders calling for delivery within a few days or weeks, with longer order times for products sold to medical device manufacturers. Therefore, our backlog of orders is not indicative of revenues to be anticipated in any future 12-month period. 
 PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS 
 We own a portfolio of patents, patents pending and trademarks. We also license various patents and trademarks. Patents for individual products extend for varying periods based upon the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. Trademark rights may potentially extend for longer periods of time and are dependent upon national laws and use of the marks. All product names throughout this document are trademarks owned by, or licensed to, us or our subsidiaries. Although these have been of value and are expected to continue to be of value in the future, we do not consider any single patent or trademark, except for the Teleflex name and the Arrow and UroLift brands, to be essential to the operation of our business. 
 SUPPLIERS AND MATERIALS 
 Materials used in the manufacture and sterilization of our products are purchased from a large number of suppliers in diverse geographic locations. We are not dependent on any single supplier for a substantial amount of the materials used, the components supplied and the sterilization services provided for our overall operations. Most 
 10 

of the materials, components and sterilization services we utilize are available from multiple sources, and where practical, we attempt to identify alternative suppliers. However, our ability to establish alternate sources of supply of materials and sterilization services may be delayed due to FDA and other regulatory authority requirements regarding the manufacture and sterilization of our products. Volatility in commodity prices, and freight costs, can have a significant impact on the cost of producing and supplying certain of our products. 
 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
 We are engaged in both internal and external research and development. Our research and development efforts support our strategic objectives to provide innovative new, safe and effective products that enhance clinical value by reducing infections, improving patient and clinician safety, enhancing patient outcomes and enabling less invasive procedures. 
 We also acquire or license products and technologies that are consistent with our strategic objectives and enhance our ability to provide a full range of product and service options to our customers. 
 SEASONALITY 
 Portions of our revenues are subject to seasonal fluctuations. Incidence of flu and other disease patterns and, to a lesser extent, the frequency of elective medical procedures affect revenues related to single-use products. Historically, we have experienced higher sales in the fourth quarter as a result of these factors. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 15,500 employees, including 4,000 employees in the U.S. and 11,500 employees in 32 other countries around the world. Our global supply chain employees make up 58 of the total employee population and are located primarily in Mexico, Malaysia and the Czech Republic. Our commercial organization comprises 24 of the global employee base. The remaining 18 of employees work in various corporate functions, based in each of our locations. 
 We believe our employees are a significant differentiating factor and play a critical role in our ability to deliver on our commitments to patients and execute our strategy to our customers and shareholders. Our management team places significant focus and attention to matters affecting our people, particularly our commitment to our Core Values, capability development, total rewards and diversity, as well as how each employee experiences our culture. 
 Culture 
 The culture of our organization is critical to the human capital we attract, develop and retain and who, in turn, contribute to the results and success of our organization. Our culture is framed by our Core Values building trust, entrepreneurial spirit and making our workplace fun, with people at the center of all we do. We strive to develop and sustain our culture by embedding these values in all aspects of our organization, including our human capital strategies. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 At Teleflex, our Core Values define our company, shape our culture, guide our business practices, and direct the way we interact with our stakeholders. Rooted in our Core Values, diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) plays an essential role in fulfilling our company core purpose to improve the health and quality of peoples lives. Through embedding the principles of DEI into our activities, decisions, governance, innovations, and culture, we contribute to the achievement of accessible, equitable and sustainable healthcare for all. 
 
 DEI initiatives in Teleflex are supported by our Global DEI Council, composed of senior leadership from across the organization, and our four Regional DEI Councils in each the US Canada, LATAM, EMEA, and APAC. The Regional DEI Councils are representative of employees from all levels, functions, and regions, acting as a guiding hub of perspectives and experiences to enrich the importance of DEI in Teleflex. 
 
 Within our Regional DEI Councils, each of our Employee Resources Groups (ERGs) are represented by a member of their leadership committee to share the progress, knowledge, and initiatives from their respective ERG. Our ERG footprint extends to each of our four regions, providing our people with employee-driven communities that focus on initiatives such as supporting working parents caregivers, coordinating mentorship and development opportunities, promoting cultural awareness and understanding, and connecting employees with shared experiences, interests or backgrounds. 
 
 11 

We continue our efforts to cultivate a diverse workforce that reflects the communities in which we work and serve. These efforts are supported through engaging and partnering with local organizations, educational institutions and recruiting firms for a variety of opportunities in Teleflex including vacancies, co-op placements and internships. In partnering with local organizations, we are better able to address how we can best serve and support marginalized populations in our communities. 
 
 We collect and regularly review several measures of the diversity within our global workforce. Some illustrative and notable highlights of our new hires from the January to December 2022 period are as follows: 
 At 58 , females made up the majority of our new hires globally; 
 Of the 5,654 total global hires, 51 were aged 20-29, followed by 24 aged 30-39 and 12 aged 40-49; and 
 In the US, approximately 50 of our new hires represented minority ethnicities including Black (23 ), Asian (13 ), and Hispanic (10 
 Talent Management, Development and Learning 
 We are committed to providing our employees with opportunities for growth, development, and career advancement and to building a high-performance culture that supports our Core Values throughout the employee lifecycle. We have implemented a talent management process that provides regular coaching check-ins between employees and their managers to review the employee s developmental objectives and career progression. We also regularly review our talent portfolio and succession plans to ensure we can deliver on our company strategy. 
 In addition, we offer a number of internal educational and training resources to employees throughout our organization. Among these resources is the Teleflex Academy, a curriculum that provides learning opportunities for our employees to further develop their skills and receive training across broad subject areas such as leadership; communications; diversity, equity, and inclusion; sales; customer service; and business acumen. 
 Total Rewards 
 Our commitment to our employees is to provide fair, equitable and competitive compensation and benefits packages to all employees globally, regardless of gender, age or ethnicity. To that end we continuously review and calibrate employee roles and responsibilities to ensure we are offering equal pay for equal work, and we actively manage our global compensation and benefit programs to ensure we can attract and retain the critical human capital we need to continue to deliver on our commitments to employees, customers, patients and shareholders. We believe our compensation and benefits offering is aligned to competitive market pay levels and, along with our culture and Core Values, acts to incentivize the right behaviors and actions to achieve the best results for the organization. We structure our compensation to include a mix of pay components of base salary, short-term cash incentives and long-term incentives. We offer employees health, welfare and retirement benefits and have implemented policies addressing paid time off, flexible work schedules, employee assistance, parental leave and family benefits, among others. 
 In 2021, we performed an in-depth pay equity analysis on the pay practices within our organization. As part of that analysis on our compensation programs, no systemic gender bias was identified globally and within the United States, no systemic ethnicity bias was identified. We continue to explore where we can expand our pay equity analyses for every jurisdiction in which we operate. We are committed to conducting pay equity analyses on a regular, periodic basis to ensure we continue to align to our commitments and Core Values. 
 Environmental, Health and Safety 
 Our Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) vision is to protect the safety and health of Teleflex personnel and the environments in which we operate. We have a vested interest in protecting our most valuable assets our employees. Everyone is a steward of EHS, fostering a culture of being actively responsible in all our operations. We remain fully committed to complying with all relevant EHS legislation and to achieving our vision. We have and will continue to expend resources to construct, maintain, operate, and improve our facilities across the globe for environmental, health, safety and sustainability of our operations. For example, in response to the risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, we have expended resources to implement various safety measures, including implementing social distancing protocols and expanding personal protective equipment availability and usage, across our facilities globally in an effort to protect the health and safety of our employees and others. Further, we understand that our environment is both complex and delicate, and we prioritize managing and limiting the impact our business has on the environment as part of our Zero Harm Culture. As we continue to review our commitments to environmental sustainability, we have initiated programs to track and lower our consumption of energy, water and gas as well as reduce waste and the use of hazardous materials. In addition, we have developed an EHS program 
 12 

focused in the areas of training our personnel with respect to, deploying and auditing global EHS standards as well as other programs to engage our employees on EHS initiatives. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL 
 We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations both within and outside the U.S. Our operations, like those of other medical device companies, involve the use of substances regulated under environmental laws, primarily in manufacturing and sterilization processes. While we continue to devote resources to compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations, we cannot ensure that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection, health and safety laws and regulations, including, without limitation, those related to climate change, will not exceed our estimates or will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, we cannot ensure that we will not be subject to environmental claims for personal injury or cleanup in the future based on our past, present or future business activities. 
 INVESTOR INFORMATION 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Therefore, we file reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 You can access financial and other information about us in the Investors section of our website, which can be accessed at www.teleflex.com. We make available through our website, free of charge, copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing such material to the SEC. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The reference to our website address is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 
 We are a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1943. Our executive offices are located at 550 East Swedesford Road, Suite 400, Wayne, PA 19087. 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The names and ages of our executive officers and the positions and offices held by each such officer are as follows: 
 Name Age Positions and Offices with Company Liam J. Kelly 56 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas E. Powell 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Cameron P. Hicks 58 Corporate Vice President, Human Resources and Communications Daniel V. Logue 49 Corporate Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Jay White 49 Corporate Vice President and President, Global Commercial James Winters 50 Corporate Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain 
 Mr. Kelly has been our President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2018 and has been Chairman of our Board of Directors since May 2020. From May 2016 to December 31, 2017, Mr. Kelly served as our President and Chief Operating Officer. From April 2015 to April 2016, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. From April 2014 to April 2015, Mr. Kelly served as Executive Vice President and President, Americas. From June 2012 to April 2014 Mr. Kelly served as Executive Vice President and President, International. He also has held several positions with regard to our EMEA segment, including President from June 2011 to June 2012, Executive Vice President from November 2009 to June 2011, and Vice President of Marketing from April 2009 to November 2009. Prior to joining Teleflex, Mr. Kelly held various senior level positions with Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc., a medical device company, from October 2002 to April 2009, serving as its Vice President of International Marketing and R D from August 2006 to February 2009. 
 Mr. Powell has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since February 2013. From March 2012 to February 2013, Mr. Powell was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He joined Teleflex in August 2011 as Senior Vice President, Global Finance. Prior to joining Teleflex, Mr. Powell served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Tomotherapy Incorporated, a medical device company, from June 2009 until 
 13 

June 2011. In 2008, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Textura Corporation, a software provider. From April 2001 until January 2008, Mr. Powell was employed by Midway Games, Inc., a software provider, serving as its Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from September 2001 until January 2008. Mr. Powell has also held leadership positions with Dade Behring, Inc., PepsiCo, Bain Company, Tenneco Inc. and Arthur Andersen Company. 
 Mr. Hicks has been our Corporate Vice President, Human Resources and Communications since April 2013. Prior to joining Teleflex, Mr. Hicks served as Executive Vice President of Human Resources Organizational Effectiveness for Harlan Laboratories, Inc., a private global provider of pre-clinical and non-clinical research services, from July 2010 to March 2013. From April 1990 to January 2010, Mr. Hicks held various leadership roles with MDS Inc., a provider of products and services for the development of drugs and the diagnosis and treatment of disease, including Senior Vice President of Human Resources for MDS global Pharma Services division from November 2000 to January 2010. 
 Mr. Logue has been our Corporate Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since January 2021. Mr. Logue joined Teleflex in 2004 and previously held the positions of Deputy General Counsel from February 2017 to December 2020, Associate General Counsel from March 2013 to January 2017 and Assistant General Counsel from June 2004 to February 2013. Prior to joining Teleflex, Mr. Logue was an associate at the law firm of Pepper Hamilton LLP (now Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP) from September 1999 to June 2004. 
 Mr. White has been our Corporate Vice President and President, Global Commercial since February 2021. From February 2017 to January 2021, Mr. White served as our President, The Americas, and from December 2013 to January 2017 he served as President and General Manager, Vascular. From January 2013 to November 2013, Mr. White served as our President and General Manager, Surgical. Prior to that, he served as our Vice President and General Manager, Surgical from January 2010 to December 2012. Mr. White joined Teleflex in March 2005 as our Director of Marketing, North America. Prior to joining Teleflex, Mr. White worked at Covidien plc (now part of Medtronic plc) where he held senior leadership positions in sales and marketing over a five-year period. 
 Mr. Winters has been our Corporate Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain since February 2020. He previously held the position of Vice President, Global Manufacturing from March 2018 to January 2020. Prior to joining Teleflex, Mr. Winters held various senior management and operational roles with the DePuy Synthes division of Johnson Johnson, a healthcare company, from August 2005 to February 2018. Most recently, Mr. Winters served as Vice President of Global Manufacturing for Global Joint Reconstruction for DePuy Synthes from February 2015 to February 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Winters served as Plant Manager for the DePuy Synthes Ireland Manufacturing Operation. 
 Our officers are elected annually by our board of directors. Each officer serves at the discretion of the board. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the following factors which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or stock price. The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or stock price. 
 Risks Relating to our Business and Operations 
 We face strong competition. Our failure to successfully develop and market new products could adversely affect our business. 
 The medical device industry is highly competitive. We compete with many domestic and foreign medical device companies ranging from small start-up enterprises that might sell only a single or limited number of competitive products or compete only in a specific market segment, to companies that are larger and more established than us, have a broad range of competitive products, participate in numerous markets and have access to significantly greater financial and marketing resources than we do. 
 In addition, the medical device industry is characterized by extensive product research and development and rapid technological advances. The future success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to design and manufacture new competitive products and enhance existing products. Our product development efforts may require us to make substantial investments. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop 
 14 

new products, enhance existing products or achieve market acceptance of our products, due to, among other things, our inability to: 
 identify viable new products; 
 maintain sufficient liquidity to fund our investments in research and development and product acquisitions; 
 obtain adequate intellectual property protection; 
 gain market acceptance of new products; or 
 successfully obtain regulatory approvals. 
 In addition, our competitors currently may be developing, or may develop in the future, products that provide better features, clinical outcomes or economic value than those that we currently offer or subsequently develop. Our failure to successfully develop and market new products or enhance existing products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our customers depend on third party coverage and reimbursements, and the failure of healthcare programs to provide sufficient coverage and reimbursement for our medical products could adversely affect us. 
 The ability of our customers to obtain coverage and reimbursement for our products is important to our business. Demand for many of our existing and new medical products is, and will continue to be, affected by the extent to which government healthcare programs and private health insurers reimburse our customers for patients medical expenses in the countries where we do business. Even when we develop or acquire a promising new product, demand for the product may be limited unless reimbursement approval is obtained from private and government third party payors. Internationally, healthcare reimbursement systems vary significantly. In some countries, medical centers are constrained by fixed budgets, regardless of the volume and nature of patient treatment. Other countries require application for, and approval of, government or third party reimbursement. Without both favorable coverage determinations by, and the financial support of, government and third party insurers, the market for many of our medical products would be adversely affected. In this regard, we cannot be sure that third party payors will maintain the current level of coverage and reimbursement to our customers for use of our existing products. Adverse coverage determinations, including reductions in the amount of reimbursement, could harm our business by discouraging customers selection of, and reducing the prices they are willing to pay for, our products. 
 In addition, as a result of their purchasing power, third party payors have implemented and are continuing to implement cost cutting measures such as seeking discounts, price reductions or other incentives from medical products suppliers and imposing limitations on coverage and reimbursement for medical technologies and procedures. These trends could compel us to reduce prices for our products and could cause a decrease in the size of the market or a potential increase in competition that could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to extensive government regulation, which may require us to incur significant expenses to ensure compliance. Our failure to comply with those regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our products are medical devices and are subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. by the FDA and by comparable government agencies in other countries. The regulations govern, among other things, the development, design, clinical testing, premarket clearance and approval, manufacturing, labeling, importing and exporting and sale and marketing of many of our products. Moreover, these regulations are subject to future change. 
 In the U.S., before we can market a new medical device, or a new use of, or claim for, or significant modification to, an existing product, we generally must first receive either 510(k) clearance or de novo authorization or approval of a premarket approval application, or PMA, from the FDA. Similarly, most major markets for medical devices outside the U.S. also require clearance, approval, authorization or compliance with certain standards before a product can be commercially marketed. In the EU, the EU MDR went into effect in May 2021 and includes significant additional pre- and post-market requirements. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances and approvals to market a medical device, particularly from the FDA and certain foreign government authorities, can be costly and time consuming, and clearances and approvals might not be granted for new products on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, once a device has been cleared or approved, a new clearance or approval may be required before the device may be modified or its labeling changed. Furthermore, the FDA or a foreign government authority may make its review and clearance or approval process more rigorous, which could require us to generate 
 15 

additional clinical or other data, and expend more time and effort, in obtaining future product clearances or approvals. The regulatory clearance and approval process may result in, among other things, delayed realization of product revenues, substantial additional costs or limitations on indicated uses of products, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Even after a product has received marketing approval or clearance, such product approval or clearance can be withdrawn or limited due to unforeseen problems with the device or issues relating to its application, or the FDA or a foreign government authority may change the classification of a product, which could require additional clinical studies and new marketing submissions. 
 Failure to comply with applicable regulations could lead to adverse effects on our business, which could include: 
 partial suspension or total shutdown of manufacturing; 
 product shortages; 
 delays in product manufacturing; 
 warning or untitled letters; 
 fines or civil penalties; 
 delays in or restrictions on obtaining new regulatory clearances or approvals; 
 withdrawal or suspension of required clearances, approvals or licenses; 
 product seizures or recalls; 
 injunctions; 
 criminal prosecution; 
 advisories or other field actions; 
 operating restrictions; and 
 prohibitions against exporting of products to, or importing products from, countries outside the U.S. 
 We could be required to expend significant financial and human resources to remediate failures to comply with applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines. In addition, civil and criminal penalties, including exclusion under Medicaid or Medicare, could result from certain regulatory violations. Any one or more of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Medical devices are cleared or approved for one or more specific intended uses and performance claims must be adequately substantiated. Promoting a device for a use outside of the cleared or approved intended use or population, that is, an off-label use, or making false, misleading or unsubstantiated claims could result in government enforcement action. 
 Furthermore, our facilities are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA and other federal, state and foreign government authorities, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including the FDA s Quality System Regulation ("QSR"), which requires, among other things, periodic audits, design controls, quality control testing and documentation procedures, as well as complaint evaluations and investigation. In addition, any facilities assembling kits that include drug components and are registered as drug repackaging establishments are also subject to current good manufacturing practices requirements for drugs. The FDA also requires the reporting of certain adverse events and product malfunctions and requires the reporting of certain recalls or other field safety corrective actions for medical devices. Issues identified through such inspections and reports may result in FDA enforcement action through any of the actions discussed above. Moreover, issues identified through such inspections and reports may require significant resources to resolve. 
 Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by public health epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 global health pandemic. 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health threats, such as the recent and ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted economic activity and markets around the world and negatively impacted our operations, financial performance and cash flows. These effects continue, and their impact going forward is uncertain because the trajectory and nature of the pandemic remain uncertain and difficult to predict. Such effects depend on various factors, including, but not limited, to: the occurrence, spread, duration and severity of any subsequent wave or waves of outbreaks, including the emergence and spread of variants of the COVID-19 virus; governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic (including restrictions on travel, transport and workforce pressures, and deferrals or 
 16 

postponements of elective procedures); the impact of the pandemic and actions taken in response on global and regional economies, travel and economic activity; the availability of federal, state, local or non-U.S. funding programs; general economic uncertainty in key global markets and financial market volatility; global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and the timing and pace of recovery when the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, which could be impacted by a number of factors, including limited provider capacity to perform procedures using our products that were deferred as a result of the pandemic. 
 With respect to our company, the COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an impact on our operations, financial performance and financial condition in several ways, including, but not limited to, those discussed below: 
 It has caused and may continue to cause disruptions in our manufacturing operations globally, which are subject to governmental or regulatory actions taken in response to COVID-19. These actions could impact our ability, or that of our employees or suppliers, to perform our and their respective responsibilities and obligations relative to the conduct of our business and create a risk to our ability to manufacture our products in a timely manner, or at all. 
 The effects of the pandemic have caused, and could in the future continue to cause, disruptions in our workforce and our global supply chain. These disruptions, or our failure to respond to them, could increase manufacturing or distribution costs or cause further delays in delivering, or an inability to deliver, products to our customers. 
 The effects of the pandemic have resulted, and could in the future continue to result, in lower revenues in certain of our product categories. 
 These and other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other pandemics or epidemics, could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein. We might not be able to predict or respond to all impacts on a timely basis to prevent near- or long-term adverse impacts to our results. However, these effects could have an adverse impact on our liquidity, capital resources, operations and business and those of the third parties on which we rely, and such impact could be material. 
 We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse laws, regulation and enforcement; our failure to comply with those laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the governments of those states and foreign countries in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 
 the federal healthcare anti-kickback statute, which, among other things, prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully offering or paying remuneration, one purpose of which is to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, or soliciting payment for such referrals, purchases, orders and recommendations; 
 federal false claims laws which, among other things, prohibit individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false or fraudulent claims for payment from the federal government, including Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors; 
 the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which prohibits schemes to defraud any healthcare benefit program and false statements relating to healthcare matters; and 
 state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other government regulations, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, the exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and imprisonment of personnel, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. The risk of our being found to have violated these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. 
 Further, the Affordable Care Act, through the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, imposes annual reporting and disclosure requirements on device manufacturers for any transfer of value made or distributed to physicians or teaching hospitals, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified registered nurse anesthetists (including anesthesiology assistants) and certified nurse-midwives. The reported information is made 
 17 

publicly available in a searchable format. In addition, device manufacturers are required to report and disclose any ownership or investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members during the preceding calendar year. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties for each payment, transfer of value or ownership or investment interests not reported in an annual submission, up to an aggregate of 150,000 per year (and up to an aggregate of 1 million per year for knowing failures ). 
 There are also certain states, including Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Vermont, that require device manufacturers to track and report payments or transfers of value provided to certain health care providers and health care entities. In addition, some states, such as California, Connecticut, Nevada and Massachusetts, mandate implementation of compliance programs that include restrictions on certain interactions and items of value that may be provided to health care providers, as well as the tracking and reporting of certain items of value, compensation for consulting and other services, and other remuneration to healthcare providers. Further, we are subject to a law in Vermont that imposes a ban on providing certain items of value and payments to health care providers. The shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with the different compliance and/or reporting requirements among a number of jurisdictions increases the possibility that we may inadvertently violate one or more of the requirements, resulting in increased compliance costs that could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 We may not be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies and sustaining or improving operating expense reductions, and may experience business disruptions associated with restructuring, facility consolidations, realignment, cost reduction and other strategic initiatives. 
 Over the past several years we have implemented a number of restructuring, realignment and cost reduction initiatives, including facility consolidations, organizational realignments and reductions in our workforce, and we may engage in similar efforts in the future. While we have realized some efficiencies from these initiatives, we may not realize the benefits of these or future initiatives to the extent we anticipated. Further, such benefits may be realized later than expected, and the ongoing difficulties in implementing these measures may be greater than anticipated, which could cause us to incur additional costs or result in business disruptions. In addition, if these measures are not successful or sustainable, we may be compelled to undertake additional restructuring, realignment and cost reduction efforts, which could result in significant additional charges. Moreover, if our restructuring, realignment and cost reduction efforts prove ineffective, our ability to achieve our strategic and business plan goals may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, as part of our efforts to increase operating efficiencies, we have implemented a number of initiatives over the past several years to consolidate our enterprise resource planning, or ERP, systems. To date, we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our business or operations in connection with these initiatives. However, as we continue our efforts to further consolidate our ERP systems, we could experience business disruptions, which could adversely affect customer relationships and divert the attention of management away from daily operations. In addition, any delays in the implementation of these initiatives could cause us to incur additional unexpected costs. Should we experience such difficulties, our business, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Disruptions in sterilization of our products or regulatory initiatives further restricting the use of ethylene oxide in sterilization facilities could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Many of our products require sterilization prior to sale. A common method for sterilizing medical products involves the use of ethylene oxide, which is listed as a hazardous air pollutant under the Clean Air Act, as amended, and emissions of which are regulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") and other regulatory authorities. Companies in the sterilization industry may face private litigation that could result in financial difficulties that could ultimately make it difficult or undesirable for such companies to continue in the sterilization business. In addition, sterilization activities are subject to substantial governmental oversight and attention that could disrupt their operations. One of our contract sterilizers, Sterigenics U.S., LLC, uses ethylene oxide in its sterilization process, including at its facilities in Smyrna, Cobb County, Georgia and Santa Teresa, New Mexico, which have sterilized some of our vascular, surgical, intermittent catheter and OEM products. During the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2019, operations at the Smyrna facility were suspended by state and local officials due to issues associated with the facility's use of ethylene oxide in its sterilization operations, but have since reopened. In December 2020, the New Mexico Attorney General initiated legal proceedings involving the Santa Teresa facility, alleging that its operations have resulted in impermissible ethylene oxide emissions. While both plants are currently operating normally, should their operations be suspended or adversely affected, our ability to provide affected 
 18 

products to our customers could be impaired if we are unable to utilize alternate facilities and sources for sterilization services. 
 In addition, on October 10, 2019, the attorneys general of 15 states and the District of Columbia sent a letter to the EPA urging that the EPA promptly propose and finalize stricter standards for ethylene oxide emissions. Among other things, the attorneys general stated that the current EPA standard for ethylene oxide fails to adequately protect workers and communities, and that the use of ethylene oxide, particularly in the medical device sterilization industry, must be reduced. On December 12, 2019, the EPA issued an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking to solicit information and request comments that will aid in the EPA s future revisions of the regulations concerning ethylene oxide omissions. Subsequently, on September 13, 2021, the EPA issued an information collection request to commercial sterilization facilities to gather additional information and data about ethylene oxide sterilization processes and emissions. The EPA has indicated it expects to issue proposed regulations for commercial sterilizers in the near term. Any additional regulatory restrictions on the emission of ethylene oxide by sterilization facilities might impair our ability to provide sufficient quantities of sterilized products to our customers and compel us to seek sterilization alternatives that do not entail the use of ethylene oxide. We cannot assure that we would be able to identify such alternatives. In the event we were to experience any disruptions in our ability to sterilize our products, whether due to capacity constraints or regulatory or other impediments (including, among other things, regulatory initiatives directed generally to sterilization facilities that utilize ethylene oxide), or we are unable to transition to alternative facilities in a timely or cost effective manner in the event one or more of the facilities we use is affected, we could experience a material adverse impact with respect to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 A significant portion of our U.S. revenues is derived from sales to distributors, and destocking activity by these distributors can adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. 
 A significant portion of our revenues in the U.S. is derived from sales to distributors, which, in turn, sell our products to hospitals and other health care institutions. From time to time, these distributors may decide to reduce their levels of inventory with regard to certain of our products, a practice we refer to as destocking. A distributor's decision to reduce inventory levels with respect to our products may be based on a number of factors, such as distributor expectations regarding demand for a particular product, distributor buying decisions (including decisions to purchase competing products), changes in distributor policies regarding the maintenance of inventory levels, economic conditions and other factors. Following such instances of reduced purchases, distributors may revert to previous purchasing levels; nevertheless, we cannot assure that distributors will, in fact, increase purchases of our products in this manner. A decline in the level of product purchases by our U.S. distributors in the future could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations during a reporting period, and an extended decline in such product purchases could have a longer term material adverse effect. 
 We may incur material losses and costs as a result of product liability and warranty claims, as well as product recalls, any of which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, our reputation as a medical device company may be damaged if one or more of our products are, or are alleged to be, defective. 
 Our businesses expose us to potential product liability risks related to the design, manufacture, labeling and marketing of our products. In particular, our medical device products are often used in surgical and intensive care settings for procedures involving seriously ill patients. In addition, many of our products are designed to be implanted in the human body for varying periods of time. Product defects or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks with respect to products we manufacture or sell could result in patient injury or death. Product liability and warranty claims often involve very large or indeterminate amounts, including punitive damages. The magnitude of potential losses from product liability lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time, and the related legal defense costs may be significant. We could experience material warranty or product liability losses in the future and incur significant costs to defend these claims. 
 In addition, if any of our products are, or are alleged to be, defective, we may voluntarily conduct, or be required by regulatory authorities to conduct, a recall of that product. In the event of a recall, we may lose sales and be exposed to individual or class-action litigation claims. Moreover, negative publicity regarding a quality or safety issue, whether accurate or inaccurate, could harm our reputation, decrease demand for our products, lead to product withdrawals or impair our ability to successfully launch and market our products in the future. Product liability, warranty and recall costs may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 19 

Volatility in domestic and global financial markets could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We are subject to risks arising from adverse changes in general domestic and global economic conditions. The economic slowdown and disruption of credit markets that occurred several years ago led to recessionary conditions and depressed levels of consumer and commercial spending, resulting in reductions, delays or cancellations of purchases of our products and services. We cannot predict the duration or extent of any economic recovery or the extent to which our customers will return to more typical spending behaviors. The continuation in a number of markets of weak economic growth, constricted credit, public sector austerity measures in response to public budget deficits and foreign currency volatility, particularly with respect to the euro, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Although we maintain allowances for doubtful accounts to cover the estimated losses which may occur when customers cannot make their required payments, we cannot assure that the loss rate will not increase in the future given the volatility in the worldwide economy. If our allowance for doubtful accounts is insufficient to address receivables we ultimately determine are uncollectible, we would be required to incur additional charges, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, our inability to collect outstanding receivables could adversely affect our financial condition and cash flow from operations. 
 In addition, adverse economic and financial market conditions may result in future impairment charges with respect to our goodwill and other intangible assets, which would not directly affect our liquidity but could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results. 
 Our strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, may not produce the intended growth in revenue and operating income, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 Our strategic initiatives include making significant investments designed to achieve revenue growth and to enable us to meet or exceed margin improvement targets. If we do not achieve the expected benefits from these investments or otherwise fail to execute on our strategic initiatives, we may not achieve the growth improvement we are targeting, and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, as part of our strategy for growth, we have made, and may continue to make, acquisitions and divestitures and enter into strategic alliances such as joint ventures and joint development agreements. However, we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions or integrate acquisitions successfully, and our joint ventures or strategic alliances may not prove to be successful. In this regard, acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the integration of acquired operations, technologies, services and products and the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. Moreover, the products and technologies that we acquire may not be successful or may require us to devote significantly greater development, marketing and other resources, as well as significantly greater investments, than we anticipated. We could also experience negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition from acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets, asset impairment charges and other matters that could arise in connection with the acquisition of a company or business, including matters related to internal control over financial reporting and regulatory compliance, as well as the short-term effects of increased costs on results of operations. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular transaction, there can be no assurance that we will identify all such risks or the magnitude of the risks. In addition, prior acquisitions have resulted, and future acquisitions could result, in the incurrence of substantial additional indebtedness and expenditures. Future acquisitions may also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities. There can be no assurance that difficulties encountered in connection with acquisitions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In connection with certain of our completed acquisitions, we have agreed to pay consideration that is contingent upon the achievement of specified objectives, such as receipt of regulatory approval, commercialization of a product or achievement of sales targets. As of the acquisition date, we record a contingent liability representing the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration we expect to pay. On a quarterly basis, we reassess these obligations and, in the event our estimate of the fair value of the contingent consideration changes, we record increases or decreases in the fair value as an adjustment to operating earnings, which could have a material impact on our results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, we accrued 44.0 million of contingent consideration related to completed business combinations, most of which related to Standard Bariatrics. In addition, actual payments may differ materially from the amount of the contingent liability, which could have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. For information regarding assumptions related to our contingent consideration liabilities, see Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
 20 

Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For additional information regarding our acquisitions, see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Health care reform may have a material adverse effect on our industry and our business. 
 Political, economic and regulatory developments have effected fundamental changes in the healthcare industry. The Affordable Care Act substantially changed the way health care is financed by both government and private insurers. It also encourages improvements in the quality of health care products and services and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Among other things, the Affordable Care Act: 
 established a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research; 
 implemented payment system reforms, including a national pilot program to encourage hospitals, physicians and other providers to improve the coordination, quality and efficiency of certain health care services through bundled payment models; and 
 created an independent payment advisory board that will submit recommendations to reduce Medicare spending if projected Medicare spending exceeds a specified growth rate. 
 We cannot predict at this time the full impact of the Affordable Care Act or other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In this regard, several legislative initiatives to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act were proposed, but not adopted in 2017. However, U.S. tax legislation adopted in December 2017 and commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA") eliminated the individual mandate under the Affordable Care Act, which has resulted in increased uncertainty regarding insurance premium prices for participants in insurance exchanges under the act, and may have other effects. Moreover, on December 14, 2018, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas ruled that the individual mandate provision of the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional and the remainder of the act is invalid, although the Court stayed its ruling pending appeal. The nature and effect of any modification or repeal of, or legislative substitution for, the Affordable Care Act, or any court decision regarding the act's validity, is uncertain, and we cannot predict the effect that any of these events would have on the longer-term viability of the act, or on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We are subject to risks associated with our non-U.S. operations. 
 We have significant manufacturing and distribution facilities, research and development facilities, sales personnel and customer support operations in a number of countries outside the U.S., including Belgium, the Czech Republic, Ireland, Malaysia and Mexico. In addition, a significant portion of our non-U.S. revenues are derived from sales to third party distributors. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 75 of our full-time employees were employed in countries outside of the U.S., and approximately 55 of our net property, plant and equipment was located outside the U.S. In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 36 , 37 and 38 , respectively, of our net revenues (based on the Teleflex entity generating the sale) were derived from operations outside the U.S. 
 Our international operations are subject to risks inherent in doing business outside the U.S., including: 
 exchange controls, currency restrictions and fluctuations in currency values; 
 trade protection measures, tariffs and other duties, especially in light of trade disputes between the U.S. and several foreign countries, including China; 
 potentially costly and burdensome import or export requirements; 
 laws and business practices that favor local companies; 
 changes in foreign medical reimbursement policies and procedures; 
 subsidies or increased access to capital for firms that currently are or may emerge as competitors in countries in which we have operations; 
 substantial non-U.S. tax liabilities, including potentially negative consequences resulting from changes in tax laws; 
 restrictions and taxes related to the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings; 
 differing labor regulations; 
 additional U.S. and foreign government controls or regulations; 
 21 

the impact of the United Kingdom's departure from the European Union, commonly referred to as "Brexit"; 
 public health epidemics; 
 difficulties in the protection of intellectual property; and 
 unsettled political and economic conditions and possible terrorist attacks against American interests. 
 In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Similar anti-bribery laws are in effect in several foreign jurisdictions. The FCPA also imposes accounting standards and requirements on publicly traded U.S. corporations and their foreign affiliates, which, among other things, are intended to prevent the diversion of corporate funds to the payment of bribes and other improper payments to government officials, and to prevent the establishment of off the books slush funds from which such improper payments can be made. Because of the predominance of government-sponsored health care systems around the world, many of our customer relationships outside of the U.S. are with government entities and are therefore subject to such anti-bribery laws. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. However, we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree. Despite meaningful measures that we undertake to facilitate lawful conduct, which include training and compliance programs and internal control policies and procedures, we may not always prevent reckless or criminal acts by our employees, distributors or other agents. In addition, we may be exposed to liability due to pre-acquisition conduct of employees, distributors or other agents of businesses or operations we acquire. Violations of anti-bribery laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also could be subject to severe penalties and other adverse consequences, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, substantial expenditures related to further enhancements to our procedures, policies and controls, personnel changes and other remedial actions, as well as harm to our reputation. 
 Furthermore, we are subject to the export controls and economic embargo rules and regulations of the U.S., including the Export Administration Regulations and trade sanctions against embargoed countries, which are administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the Department of the Treasury, as well as other laws and regulations administered by the Department of Commerce. These regulations limit our ability to market, sell, distribute or otherwise transfer our products or technology to prohibited countries or persons. While we train our employees and contractually obligate our distributors to comply with these regulations, we cannot assure that a violation will not occur, whether knowingly or inadvertently. Failure to comply with these rules and regulations may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines and the disgorgement of profits, the imposition of a court-appointed monitor, the denial of export privileges and debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Additionally, in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. government has imposed enhanced export controls on certain products and sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. Although our sales into Russia did not constitute a material portion of our total revenue in 2022, further escalation of geopolitical tensions, including as a result of the imposition of additional economic sanctions, could have a broader impact that expands into other markets where we do business, which could adversely affect our business and/or our supply chain, business partners or customers in the broader region. 
 Foreign currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results. 
 We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. Products manufactured in, and sold into, foreign markets represent a significant portion of our operations. Our consolidated financial statements reflect translation of financial statements denominated in non-U.S. currencies to U.S. dollars, our reporting currency, as well as the foreign currency exchange gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities and from transactions denominated in currencies other than the primary currency of the country in which the entity operates, which we refer to as "non-functional currencies." A strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar in relation to the foreign currencies of the countries in which we sell or manufacture our products, such as the euro, will affect our U.S. dollar-reported revenue and income. Although we have entered into forward contracts with several major financial institutions to hedge a portion of our monetary assets and liabilities and projected cash flows denominated in non-functional currencies in order to reduce the effects of currency rate fluctuations, changes in the relative values of currencies may, in some instances, have a significant effect on our results of operations. 
 22 

Many of our products have significant plastic resin content. We also use quantities of other commodities, such as aluminum and steel. Increases in the prices of these commodities could increase the costs of our products and services. We may not be able to pass on these costs to our customers, particularly with respect to those products we sell under group purchase agreements, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Increases in interest rates may adversely affect the financial health of our customers and suppliers, thereby adversely affecting their ability to buy our products and supply the components or raw materials we need. In addition, our borrowing costs have been adversely affected by recent interest rate increases and could be further affected if interest rates continue to increase. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Fluctuations in our effective tax rate and changes to tax laws may adversely affect us. 
 As a global company, we are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. In preparing our financial statements, we estimate the amount of tax that will become payable in each of these jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate may, however, differ from the estimated amount due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country and changes in tax laws. Any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 An interruption in our manufacturing or distribution operations or our supply of raw materials may adversely affect our business. 
 Many of our key products are manufactured at or distributed from single locations, and the availability of alternate facilities is limited. If operations at one or more of our facilities is suspended due to natural disasters or other events, including, without limitation, those due to climate change, we may not be able to timely manufacture or distribute one or more of our products at previous levels or at all. Furthermore, our ability to establish replacement facilities or to substitute suppliers may be delayed due to regulations and requirements of the FDA and other regulatory authorities regarding the manufacture of our products. In addition, in the event of delays or cancellations in shipments of raw materials by our suppliers, we may not be able to timely manufacture or supply the affected products at previous levels or at all. The manufacture of our products is highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. Problems in the manufacturing process, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, defective raw materials and environmental factors, could lead to delays in product releases, product shortages, unanticipated costs, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. A failure to identify and address manufacturing problems prior to the release of products to our customers may also result in quality or safety issues. A reduction or interruption in manufacturing or distribution, or our inability to secure suitable alternative sources of raw materials or components, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our ability to attract, train, develop and retain key employees is important to our success. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to retain key personnel, including our executive officers and other members of our senior management team. Our success also depends, in part, on our ability to attract, train, develop and retain other key employees, including research and development, sales, marketing and operations personnel. We may experience difficulties in retaining executives and other employees due to many factors, including: 
 the intense competition for skilled personnel in our industry; 
 fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions; 
 changes in our organizational structure; 
 our restructuring initiatives; 
 competitors hiring practices; and 
 the effectiveness of our compensation programs. 
 Our inability to attract, train, develop and retain such personnel could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 23 

Our failure to maintain strong relationships with physicians and other health care professionals could adversely affect us. 
 We depend on our ability to maintain strong working relationships with physicians and other healthcare professionals in connection with research and development for some of our products. We rely on these professionals to provide us with considerable knowledge and advice regarding the development and use of these products. Physicians assist us as researchers, product consultants, inventors and public speakers. If we fail to maintain our working relationships with physicians and, as a result, no longer have the benefit of their knowledge and advice, our products may not be developed in a manner that is responsive to the needs and expectations of the professionals who use and support our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our technology is important to our success, and our failure to protect our intellectual property rights could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
 We rely on the patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the U.S. and other countries to protect our proprietary rights. Although we own numerous U.S. and foreign patents and have submitted numerous patent applications, we cannot be assured that any pending patent applications will issue, or that any patents, issued or pending, will provide us with any competitive advantage or will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by third parties. In addition, we rely on confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with employees and take other measures to protect our know-how and trade secrets. The steps we have taken may not prevent unauthorized use of our technology by competitors or other persons who may copy or otherwise obtain and use these products or technology, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as in the U.S. We cannot assure that current and former employees, contractors and other parties will not breach their confidentiality agreements with us, misappropriate proprietary information, copy or otherwise obtain and use our information and proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop know-how and trade secrets comparable to ours or develop better technology than our own, which could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage we have developed. 
 Our products or processes may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may cause us to pay unexpected litigation costs or damages or prevent us from selling our products. 
 We cannot be certain that our products do not and will not infringe issued patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. We may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of our business, including claims of alleged infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties. Any such claims, whether or not meritorious, could result in litigation and divert the efforts of our personnel. If we are found liable for infringement, we may be compelled to enter into licensing agreements (which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all) or to pay damages or cease making or selling certain products. We may need to redesign some of our products or processes to avoid future infringement liability. Any of the foregoing events could be detrimental to our business. 
 Other pending and future litigation may involve significant costs and adversely affect our business. 
 We are party to various lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of business involving, among other things, contracts, intellectual property, import and export regulations, and employment and environmental matters. The defense of these lawsuits may divert our management s attention and may involve significant legal expenses. In addition, we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements, or become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies, that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. While we do not believe that any litigation in which we are currently engaged would have such an adverse effect, the outcome of litigation, including regulatory matters, is often difficult to predict, and we cannot assure that the outcome of pending or future litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems may adversely affect our business and customer relationships. 
 We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. We also rely on our technology infrastructure, among other functions, to enable us to interact with customers and suppliers, fulfill orders, generate invoices, collect and make payments, ship products, provide support to customers, fulfill contractual obligations and otherwise perform business functions. Our internal 
 24 

information technology systems, as well as those systems maintained by third-party providers, may be subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber-attacks, any of which could result in data leaks or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and in some cases have caused significant harm. Although we have taken numerous measures to protect our information systems and enhance data security, we cannot assure that these measures will prevent security breaches that could have a significant impact on our business, reputation and financial results. If we fail to monitor, maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity effectively or fail to anticipate, plan for or manage significant disruptions to these systems, we could, among other things, lose customers, have difficulty preventing fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals, be subject to regulatory sanctions or penalties, incur expenses, lose revenues or suffer other adverse consequences. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental and health and safety liabilities. 
 We are subject to numerous foreign, federal, state and local environmental protection and health and safety laws governing, among other things: 
 the generation, storage, use and transportation of hazardous materials; 
 emissions or discharges of substances into the environment; 
 the impacts of industrial operations on climate change; and 
 the health and safety of our employees. 
 These laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. We cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws, or our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances, which may include claims for personal injury or cleanup, will not exceed our estimates or will not adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The effects of climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures intended to address climate change could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Risks associated with climate change are subject to increasing societal, regulatory and political focus in the U.S. and globally. While the effects of climate change in the near- and long-term are difficult to predict, shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change are expected to increase the frequency, severity and duration of certain adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, droughts, extreme temperatures or flooding, which could cause more significant business and supply chain interruptions, damage to our products and facilities as well as the infrastructure of hospitals, medical care facilities and other customers, reduced workforce availability, increased costs of raw materials and components, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues than what we have experienced in the past from such events. In addition, increased public concern over climate change could result in new legal or regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change, which could include the adoption of more stringent environmental laws and regulations or stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, which could result in increased compliance burdens and costs to meet the regulatory obligations as well as adverse impacts on raw material sourcing, manufacturing operations and the distribution of our products. Any such developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our workforce covered by collective bargaining and similar agreements could cause interruptions in our provision of products and services. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 9 of our employees in the U.S. and in other countries were covered by union contracts or collective bargaining arrangements. It is likely that a portion of our workforce will remain covered by collective bargaining and similar agreements for the foreseeable future. Strikes or work stoppages could occur that would adversely impact our relationships with our customers and our ability to conduct our business. 
 Risks Relating to our Financing Arrangements 
 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total consolidated indebtedness of 1.7 billion. 
 25 

Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to satisfy our debt obligations. It could also have significant effects on our business. For example, it could: 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other general corporate expenditures; 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds for general corporate purposes; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 restrict us from pursuing business opportunities; and 
 place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors that have less indebtedness. 
 If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or if future borrowings are not available to us in an amount sufficient to pay our indebtedness when due or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may be forced to: 
 refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness; 
 sell assets; 
 reduce or delay capital expenditures; or 
 seek to raise additional capital. 
 We may not be able to effect any of these actions on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our financial condition at the time, the restrictions in the instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness and other factors, including market conditions. 
 Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, or to refinance or restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our debt agreements impose restrictions on our business, which could prevent us from pursuing business opportunities and taking other desirable corporate actions, and may adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our business and manage our operations. 
 Our senior credit agreement and the indentures governing our 4.625 senior notes due 2027 (the "2027 Notes") and our 4.25 Senior Notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes" and, together with the 2027 Notes, the "Senior Notes") contain covenants that, among other things, impose significant restrictions on our business. The restrictions that these covenants place on us and our restricted subsidiaries collectively include limitations on our and their ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock or otherwise disqualified stock; 
 create liens; 
 pay dividends, make investments or make other restricted payments; 
 sell assets; 
 merge, consolidate, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and 
 enter into transactions with our affiliates. 
 In addition, our senior credit agreement also contains financial covenants, including covenants requiring maintenance of a consolidated leverage ratio, a secured leverage ratio and a consolidated interest coverage ratio, calculated in accordance with the terms of the senior credit agreement. A breach of any covenants under any one or more of our debt agreements could result in a default, which if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt. In addition, any debt agreements we enter into in the future may further limit our ability to enter into certain types of transactions. 
 Under our cross-currency swap agreements, a meaningful decline in the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows. 
 In 2018 and 2019, we entered into cross-currency swap agreements with several financial institutions to hedge against the effect of variability in the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate. The swap agreements require an exchange of the notional amounts between us and the counterparties upon expiration or earlier termination of the agreements. If, at the expiration or earlier termination of the swap agreements, the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate has 
 26 

declined from the rate in effect on the execution date, we are required to pay the counterparties an amount equal to the excess of the U.S. dollar value over the euro principal amount (we and the counterparties have agreed to a net settlement with regard to the exchange of the notional amounts at the date of expiration or earlier termination of the agreements). In the event of a significant decline in the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate, our payment obligations to the counterparties could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows. In this regard, if, at the expiration or earlier termination of our swap agreements, the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate has declined by 10 from the rate in effect at the inception of our agreements, we would be required to pay approximately 75 million to the counterparties in respect of the notional settlement. To the extent we enter into additional cross-currency swap agreements, a decline in the relevant exchange rates could further adversely affect our cash flows. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 We may issue additional shares of our common stock or instruments convertible into our common stock, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 We are not restricted from issuing additional shares of our common stock or other instruments convertible into our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding approximately 46.9 million shares of our common stock, options to purchase 1.2 million shares of our common stock (of which approximately 1.0 million were vested as of that date), restricted stock units covering 0.2 million shares of our common stock (which are expected to vest over the next three years), performance stock units covering a maximum of 62,927 shares of our common stock (which may vest in early 2023, depending on our performance with regard to specified financial measures and market performance of our common stock compared to designated public companies) and 123 shares of our common stock to be distributed from our deferred compensation plan. As of December 31, 2022, 2.8 million shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of stock options. We cannot predict the size of future issuances or the effect, if any, that they may have on the market price for our common stock. 
 If we issue additional shares of our common stock or instruments convertible into our common stock, such issuances may materially and adversely affect the price of our common stock. Furthermore, our issuance of shares upon the exercise of some or all of the outstanding stock options, as well as the vesting of restricted stock units and some or all of the performance stock units will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders, and the subsequent sale in the public market of such shares of our common stock could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. 
 We may not pay dividends on our common stock in the future. 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends only as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. The declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, requirements under covenants in our debt instruments, legal requirements and other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. We cannot assure that our cash dividend will not be reduced, or eliminated, in the future. 
 Certain provisions of our corporate governing documents, Delaware law and our Senior Notes could discourage, delay, or prevent a merger or acquisition. 
 Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock. For example, our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to determine the number of shares in a series, the consideration, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, terms of redemption, conversion or exchange rights and voting rights, if any, of unissued series of preferred stock, without any vote or action by our stockholders. Thus, our board of directors can authorize and issue shares of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting or other rights of holders of our common stock. We are also subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15 or more of our common stock. These provisions could have the effect of delaying or deterring a third party from acquiring us even if an acquisition might be in the best interest of our stockholders, and accordingly could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 Certain provisions in the indentures governing the Senior Notes could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire us. Upon an acquisition event that constitutes a change of control, as defined in the indentures governing the Senior Notes, coupled with a downgrade in the ratings of the Senior Notes, holders of such notes will have the right to require us to purchase their notes in cash. Our obligations under the Senior Notes 
 27 

could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, and accordingly could cause a reduction in the market price of our common stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We own or lease approximately 90 properties consisting of manufacturing plants, engineering and research centers, distribution warehouses, offices and other facilities. We believe that the properties are maintained in good operating condition and are suitable for their intended use. In general, our facilities meet current operating requirements for the activities currently conducted within the facilities. 
 Our major facilities (those with 50,000 or greater square feet) at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 Location Primary use Square Footage Owned or Leased Olive Branch, MS Distribution warehouse 627,000 Leased Kamunting, Malaysia Manufacturing 286,000 Owned Nuevo Laredo, Mexico Manufacturing 277,000 Leased Tecate, Mexico Manufacturing 172,000 Owned Chihuahua, Mexico Manufacturing 153,000 Owned Maple Grove, MN Manufacturing 129,000 Owned Morrisville, NC Office administration 121,000 Leased Zdar Nad Sazauou, Czech Republic Manufacturing 108,000 Owned Trenton, GA Manufacturing 102,000 Owned Chihuahua, Mexico Manufacturing 100,000 Leased Hradec Kralove, Czech Republic Manufacturing 92,000 Owned Chelmsford, MA Manufacturing 91,000 Leased Kulim, Malaysia Manufacturing 90,000 Owned Kernen, Germany Manufacturing 86,000 Leased Jaffrey, NH Manufacturing 81,000 Owned Kamunting, Malaysia Manufacturing 77,000 Leased Pleasanton, CA Manufacturing 76,000 Leased Chihuahua, Mexico Manufacturing 63,000 Owned Reading, PA Engineering and research 63,000 Leased Limerick, Ireland Manufacturing 59,000 Owned Wayne, PA Office administration 58,000 Leased Mansfield, MA Manufacturing 57,000 Leased Plymouth, MN Manufacturing 55,000 Leased Bad Liebenzell, Germany Manufacturing 53,000 Leased 
 Operations in each of our business segments are conducted at locations both in and outside of the U.S. Of the facilities listed above, with the exception of Plymouth, MN, Jaffrey, NH, Mansfield, MA, Trenton, GA, and Limerick, Ireland, which are used solely for the OEM segment, our facilities generally serve more than one business segment and are often used for multiple purposes, such as administrative/sales, manufacturing and warehousing/distribution. 
 In addition to the properties listed above, we own or lease approximately 700,000 square feet of additional warehousing, manufacturing and office space worldwide. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are party to various lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of business. These lawsuits and claims include actions involving product liability and product warranty, intellectual property, contracts, employment and environmental matters. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we accrued liabilities of 0.5 million and 0.2 million respectively, in connection with these matters, representing our best estimate of the cost within the range of 
 28 

estimated possible loss that will be incurred to resolve these matters. Based on information currently available, advice of counsel, established reserves and other resources, we do not believe that any such actions are likely to be, individually or in the aggregate, material to our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, in the event of unexpected further developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, or other similar matters, if unfavorable, may be materially adverse to our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. See Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TFX. As of February 21, 2023, we had 367 holders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are beneficial owners whose shares are held by brokers and other financial institutions for the accounts of beneficial owners. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph provides a comparison of five year cumulative total stockholder returns of Teleflex common stock, the Standard Poor s (S P) 500 Stock Index and the S P 500 Healthcare Equipment Supply Index. The annual changes for the five-year period shown on the graph are based on the assumption that 100 had been invested in Teleflex common stock and each index on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. 

MARKET PERFORMANCE Company / Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Teleflex Incorporated 100.00 104.45 152.76 167.66 134.31 102.59 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P 500 Healthcare Equipment Supply Index 
 100.00 114.24 148.06 175.90 210.90 166.35 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Overview 
 We are a global provider of medical technology products focused on enhancing clinical benefits, improving 
 30 

patient and provider safety and reducing total procedural costs. We primarily design, develop, manufacture and supply medical devices used by hospitals and healthcare providers for common diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in critical care and surgical applications. Approximately 95 of our net revenues come from single-use medical devices. We market and sell our products worldwide through a combination of our direct sales force and distributors. Because our products are used in numerous markets and for a variety of procedures, we are not dependent upon any one end-market or procedure. We are focused on achieving consistent, sustainable and profitable growth by increasing our market share and improving our operating efficiencies. 
 We evaluate our portfolio of products and businesses on an ongoing basis to ensure alignment with our overall objectives. Based on our evaluation, we may seek to optimize utilization of our facilities through restructuring initiatives designed to further reduce our cost base and enhance our competitive position. In addition, we may continue to explore opportunities to expand the size of our business and improve our margins through a combination of acquisitions and distributor to direct sales conversions, which generally involve our elimination of a distributor from the sales channel, either by acquiring the distributor or terminating the distributor relationship (in some instances, particularly in Asia, the conversions involve our acquisition or termination of a master distributor and the continued sale of our products through sub-distributors). Our distributor to direct sales conversions are designed to facilitate improved product pricing and more direct access to the end users of our products within the sales channel. Further, we may identify opportunities to expand our margins through strategic divestitures of existing businesses and product lines that no longer meet our objectives. 
 Acquisitions 
 On June 13, 2022, we acquired a privately-owned catheter company for an initial cash payment of 22.8 million. Under the terms of the acquisition agreement, we may become obligated to make additional cash payments of up to 26.2 million if certain commercial and revenue goals are met. The acquisition, which complements our interventional product portfolio, principally consisted of a proprietary catheter design and other related intellectual property. 
 On September 27, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Standard Bariatrics, Inc., a privately-held medical device company that commercialized a powered stapling technology for bariatric surgery that complements our surgical product portfolio. The fair value of consideration transferred was 211.8 million, which included cash payments of 173.0 million and 38.8 million in estimated fair value of contingent consideration. The contingent consideration liability represents the estimated fair value of our obligations, under the acquisition agreement, to make three milestone payments up to 130 million, in aggregate, if certain commercial milestones are met. The acquisition was financed using borrowings under our revolving credit facility and cash on hand. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information. 
 Divestiture 
 On May 15, 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell certain product lines within our global respiratory product portfolio to Medline for consideration of 286.0 million, reduced by 12 million in working capital not transferring to Medline (the "Respiratory business divestiture"). In connection with the Respiratory business divestiture, we also entered into several ancillary agreements with Medline to help facilitate the transfer of the business, which provide for transition support, quality, supply and manufacturing services, including a manufacturing and supply transition agreement (the "MSTA"). 
 On June 28, 2021, we completed the initial phase of the Respiratory business divestiture, pursuant to which we received cash proceeds of 259 million. The second phase of the Respiratory business divestiture will occur once we transfer certain additional manufacturing assets to Medline. Our receipt of 15.0 million in additional cash proceeds is contingent upon the transfer of these manufacturing assets and is expected to occur prior to the end of 2023. We plan to recognize the contingent consideration, and any gain on sale resulting from the second phase of the divestiture, when it becomes realizable. 
 Economic factors impacting our business 
 The residual effects from the COVID-19 pandemic continue to impact global economic conditions, which have affected our financial results and global operations, as well as our contractors, suppliers, customers and other business partners. Consequently, we have experienced increased levels of overall cost inflation and challenges within our supply chain. Constraints on the supply of specific raw materials used to manufacture our products have and continue to impact delivery times and have resulted in an increased level of backorders. Moreover, pandemic related measures, as well as staffing shortages at healthcare facilities stemming from the pandemic, have and 
 31 

continue to result in varying levels of reduced demand within certain of our segments and product lines due to lower elective procedure volumes compared to pre-pandemic levels. 
 We continue to monitor the macro-economic impacts stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as ongoing geopolitical conflicts, that have contributed to material and services inflation and exchange rate volatility, as well as trade and tariff activity. 
 We believe that the impacts stemming from the factors discussed above will continue to affect our business, and consequentially our financial position, results of operations and liquidity, particularly in the near term, and that such impact would be most significant if COVID-19 becomes more prevalent or geopolitical conflicts escalate. As a result of the dynamic nature of each of these factors, we cannot accurately predict the extent or duration of the impacts on our business. 

Results of Operations 
 As used in this discussion, "new products" are products for which commercial sales have commenced within the past 36 months, and existing products are products for which commercial sales commenced more than 36 months ago. Discussion of results of operations items that reference the effect of one or more acquired businesses (except as noted below with respect to acquired distributors) generally reflects the impact of the acquisitions within the first 12 months following the date of the acquisition. In addition to increases and decreases in the per unit selling prices of our products to our customers, our discussion of the impact of product price increases and decreases also reflects the impact on the pricing of our products resulting from any elimination of distributors, either through acquisition or termination of the distributor, from the sales channel. All dollar amounts in tables are presented in millions unless otherwise noted. 
 For a discussion of our results of operations comparison for 2021 and 2020, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 1, 2022. 
 Comparison of 2022 and 2021 
 Revenues 2022 2021 Net Revenues 2,791.0 2,809.6 
 Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 18.6 million, or 0.7 , compared to the prior year, primarily due to a 124.5 million decrease in sales volumes of existing products, 97.0 million of unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and, to a lesser extent, a net decrease in sales volumes attributed to the Respiratory business divestiture. The decreases in revenue were partially offset by a 184.9 million increase in sales of new products and price increases. 
 Gross profit 2022 2021 Gross profit 
 1,531.1 1,549.6 Percentage of revenues 
 54.9 55.2 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, gross margin decreased 30 basis points, or 0.5 , compared to the prior year period primarily due to continued cost inflation from macro-economic factors, specifically, logistics and distribution, raw materials and labor costs, partially offset by price increases and favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Selling, general and administrative 2022 2021 Selling, general and administrative 
 863.7 860.1 Percentage of revenues 
 30.9 30.6 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributable to higher sales and marketing expenses across certain of our product portfolios, higher IT related costs, including support services, and operating expenses incurred by acquired businesses, primarily Standard Bariatrics. The increases in selling, general and administrative costs were partially offset by favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 32 

Research and development 2022 2021 Research and development 
 153.8 130.8 Percentage of revenues 
 5.5 4.7 
 Research and development expenses increased 23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, which was primarily attributable to European Union Medical Device Regulation ("EU MDR") related costs and higher project spend within certain of our product portfolios. 
 Restructuring and impairment charges 
 2022 Restructuring plan 
 On November 15, 2022, we initiated a strategic restructuring plan designed to improve operating performance and position the organization to deliver long-term durable growth by creating efficiencies that align with our high growth strategic objectives (the 2022 restructuring plan ). The plan primarily involves the relocation of certain manufacturing operations to existing lower-cost locations in addition to the streamlining of various business functions across the organization and related workforce reductions. These actions are expected to be substantially completed during 2023. 
 We estimate that we will incur aggregate pre-tax restructuring and restructuring related charges in connection with the 2022 restructuring plan of 39 million to 48 million. We estimate that 26 million to 32 million of these charges will result in cash outlays, most of which are expected to be made in 2023. Additionally, we expect to incur approximately 2 million in aggregate capital expenditures under the plan, most of which is expected to be incurred during 2023. 
 We currently expect to begin realizing plan-related savings in 2023 and expect to achieve annual pre-tax savings of 21 million to 23 million once the plan is fully implemented. 
 Respiratory divestiture plan 
 In 2021, in connection with the Respiratory business divestiture, we committed to a restructuring plan designed to separate the manufacturing operations that will be transferred to Medline from those that will remain with Teleflex, which includes related workforce reductions (the Respiratory divestiture plan ). The plan includes expanding certain of our existing locations to accommodate the transfer of capacity from the sites that will be transferred to Medline and replicating the manufacturing processes at alternate existing locations. We expect this plan will be substantially completed by the end of 2023. 
 We estimate that we will incur aggregate pre-tax restructuring and restructuring related charges in connection with the Respiratory divestiture plan of 24 million to 30 million and substantially all of these charges will result in cash outlays. Additionally, we expect to incur 22 million to 28 million in aggregate capital expenditures under the plan. 
 2019 Footprint realignment plan 
 In February 2019, we initiated a restructuring plan primarily involving the relocation of certain manufacturing operations to existing lower-cost locations and related workforce reductions (the 2019 Footprint realignment plan"). The plan is substantially complete and as a result, we expect future restructuring expenses associated with the plan, if any, to be immaterial. 
 2018 Footprint realignment plan 
 In May 2018, we initiated a restructuring plan involving the relocation of certain European manufacturing operations to existing lower-cost locations, the outsourcing of certain European distribution operations and related workforce reductions (the "2018 Footprint realignment plan"). The plan is substantially complete and as a result, we expect future restructuring expenses associated with the plan, if any, to be immaterial. 
 2014 Footprint realignment plan 
 In April 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan involving the consolidation of operations and a related reduction in workforce at certain facilities, and the relocation of manufacturing operations from certain higher-cost locations to 
 33 

existing lower-cost locations (the "2014 Footprint realignment plan"). The plan is substantially complete and as a result, we expect future restructuring expenses associated with the plan, if any, to be immaterial. 
 The following table provides information regarding restructuring charges we have incurred with respect to each of our restructuring programs, as well as impairment charges, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The restructuring charges listed in the table primarily consist of termination benefits. 
 2022 2021 2022 Restructuring plan 15.5 Respiratory divestiture plan 0.6 2.7 2021 Restructuring plan 7.4 2019 Footprint realignment plan (1.0) 0.3 2018 Footprint realignment plan 2.1 2.5 Other restructuring programs 1.6 2.1 Impairment charges (1) 
 1.5 6.7 Total 20.3 21.7 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded impairment charges of 1.5 million related to our decision to abandon certain assets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded impairment charges of 6.7 million related to our decision to abandon intellectual property and other assets primarily associated with our respiratory product portfolio that was not transferred to Medline as part of the Respiratory business divestiture. 
 Interest expense 2022 2021 Interest expense 
 54.3 57.0 Average interest rate on debt during the year 
 2.8 2.2 
 The decrease in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year was primarily due to a decrease in average debt outstanding, partially offset by a higher average interest rate resulting from increases in interest rates associated with our variable interest rate debt instruments. 
 Gain on sale of assets and business 2022 2021 Gain on sale of assets and business 
 6.5 91.2 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a gain related to a sale of a building. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a gain related to the Respiratory business divestiture. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 2022 2021 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 0.5 13.0 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 we recognized a 0.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt due to the write off of unamortized deferring financing costs related to the amendment of our senior credit facility. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we prepaid the 400 million aggregate outstanding principal amount under our 4.875 Senior Notes due 2026 (the "2026 Notes"). In addition to the prepayment of principal, we paid to the holders of the 2026 Notes a 9.8 million prepayment make-whole amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. We recorded the prepayment make-whole amount and a 3.2 million write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs as a loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 Taxes on income from continuing operations 2022 2021 Effective income tax rate 
 18.6 13.3 
 The effective income tax rate for 2022 reflects tax expense resulting from a deferred charge relating to the 2022 Restructuring Plan and tax expense resulting from a U.S. law effective in 2022 requiring capitalization of certain research and development expenditures. The effective income tax rate for 2021 reflects tax expense associated with the Respiratory business divestiture. Additionally, the effective tax rates for both 2022 and 2021 reflect a net 
 34 

excess tax benefit related to share-based compensation and a tax benefit from research and development tax credits. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law, which, among other things, implemented a 15 minimum tax on book income of certain large corporations. We continue to evaluate the impact the law will have on consolidated results of operations, but it is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 In December 2022, the EU adopted a directive that requires each EU Member State to enact national legislation establishing a 15 global minimum tax that is required to become effective in 2024. Although specific provisions of the proposed future laws of the individual Member States are not fully known at this time, we anticipate that potential enactments of these laws by the Member States could impact our tax obligations in future periods. 

Segment Results 
 Segment Net Revenues 
 Year Ended December 31 Increase/(Decrease) 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 Americas 1,653.7 1,659.3 (0.3) EMEA 558.4 606.8 (8.0) Asia 306.3 297.8 2.9 OEM 272.6 245.7 11.0 Segment Net Revenues 2,791.0 2,809.6 (0.7) 
 Segment Operating Profit 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 Americas 452.0 424.2 6.6 EMEA 42.5 94.9 (55.2) Asia 82.8 84.6 (2.2) OEM 65.4 56.2 16.3 Segment Operating Profit (1) 
 642.7 659.9 (2.6) 
 (1) See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a reconciliation of segment operating profit to our consolidated income from continuing operations before interest, loss on extinguishment of debt and taxes. 
 Americas 
 Americas net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 5.6 million, or 0.3 , compared to the prior year, which was primarily attributable to a 192.9 million decrease in sales volume of existing products and, to a lesser extent, a net decrease in sales volumes attributed to the Respiratory business divestiture. The decreases in revenue were partially offset by a 175.1 million increase in sales of new products and price increases. 
 Americas operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 27.8 million, or 6.6 , compared to the prior year, which was primarily attributable to lower performance related employee-benefit expenses, a decrease in contingent consideration expense and lower general and administrative expenses. The increases in operating profit were partially offset by higher sales and marketing expenses across certain of our product portfolios. 
 EMEA 
 EMEA net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 48.4 million, or 8.0 , compared to the prior year, which was primarily attributable to 63.9 million of unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by an increase in sales volumes of existing products. 
 EMEA operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 52.4 million, or 55.2 , compared to the prior year, which was primarily attributable to unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and an increase in EU MDR costs within research and development. 
 35 

In 2015, the Italian parliament enacted legislation that, among other things, imposed a payback measure on medical device companies that supply goods and services to the Italian National Healthcare System. Under the measure, companies are required to make payments to the Italian government if medical device expenditures in a given year exceed regional expenditure ceilings established for that year. The payment amounts are calculated based on the amount by which the regional ceilings for the given year were exceeded. Considerable uncertainty exists related to the enforceability of and implementation process for the payback law. In response to decrees issued by the Italian Ministry of Health, the various Italian regions issued invoices to medical device companies, including Teleflex, under the payback measure in the fourth quarter of 2022 seeking payment with respect to excess expenditures for the years 2015 through 2018. Following the issuance of the invoices, we and numerous other medical device companies filed appeals with the Italian administrative courts challenging the enforceability of the payback measure, which appeals remain pending. As of December 31, 2022, our reserve for this matter is 10.9 million, 2.6 million of which was recorded as a reduction of revenue for 2022. If the payback was to ultimately be enforced in its existing form, we estimate that we would be required to remit payments in excess of our current reserve of up to 23 million. 
 Asia 
 Asia net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 8.5 million, or 2.9 , compared to the prior year, which was primarily attributable to a 30.1 million increase in sales volumes of existing products, partially offset by 23.7 million of unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Asia operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 1.8 million, or 2.2 , compared to the prior year, which was primarily attributable to unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and a benefit recognized in the prior year resulting from the reversal of a contingent liability related to tariffs imposed by Chinese authorities, which is described in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, partially offset by an increase in gross profit resulting from higher sales. 
 OEM 
 OEM net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 26.9 million, or 11.0 compared to the prior year which was primarily attributable to a 21.7 million increase in sales volumes of existing products and price increases, partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 OEM operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 9.2 million, or 16.3 , compared to the prior year, which was primarily attributable to an increase in gross profit resulting from higher sales volume, partially offset by an increase in general and administrative expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. Our principal source of liquidity is our cash flows provided by operating activities. Our cash flows provided by operating activities are reduced by cash used to, among other things, fulfill contractual obligations for minimum lease payments under noncancellable operating leases, which often extend beyond one year; the weighted average remaining lease term of our operating lease portfolio is 7.9 years. Our cash flows provided by operating activities are also reduced by cash used for unconditional legally binding commitments to purchase goods or services (i.e., purchase obligations), which are primarily related to inventory expected to be purchased within one year. 
 Other significant factors that affect our overall management of liquidity include contractual obligations such as scheduled principal and interest payments with respect to outstanding indebtedness and tax on deemed repatriation of non-U.S. earnings, which will be paid annually over the next three years. We may also be obligated to make payments for contingent consideration due to past acquisitions, the timing and amount of which may be uncertain, and the magnitude of which can vary from year to year. Other significant factors that affect our liquidity include certain actions controlled by management such as capital expenditures, acquisitions, and dividends. See Note 10, Note 12 and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 We believe our cash flow from operations, available cash and cash equivalents and borrowings under our revolving credit facility (which is provided for under the Credit Agreement) and accounts receivable securitization facility will enable us to fund our operating requirements, capital expenditures and debt obligations for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. 
 36 

Of our 292.0 million of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022, 256.9 million was held at non-U.S. subsidiaries. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by monitoring the funds available among our subsidiaries and determining the extent to which we can access those funds on a cost effective basis. 
 We have entered into cross-currency swap agreements with different financial institution counterparties to hedge against the effect of variability in the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate. Under the terms of the cross-currency swap agreements, we notionally exchanged in the aggregate 750 million for 653.1 million. The swap agreements, which begin to expire in October 2023, are designated as net investment hedges and require an exchange of the notional amounts upon expiration or the earlier termination of the agreements. We and the counterparties have agreed to effect the exchange through a net settlement. As a result, we may be required to pay (or be entitled to receive) an amount equal to the difference, on the expiration or earlier termination dates, between the U.S. dollar equivalent of the 653.1 million notional amount and the 750 million notional amount. If, at the expiration or earlier termination of the swap agreements, the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate has increased or declined by 10 from the rate in effect at the inception of these agreements, we would receive from or be required to pay to the counterparties an aggregate of approximately 75.0 million in respect of the notional settlement. As of December 31, 2022, we had 48.5 million in current assets and 11.9 million in non-current assets related to the fair value of our cross-currency swap agreements. The swap agreements entail risk that the counterparties will not fulfill their obligations under the agreements. However, we believe the risk is reduced because we have entered into separate agreements with different counterparties, all of which are large, well-established financial institutions. 
 We may at any time, from time to time, repurchase our outstanding debt securities in open market purchases, via tender offers or in privately negotiated transactions, exchange transactions or otherwise, at such price or prices as we deem appropriate. Such purchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors and may be commenced or suspended at any time. 
 Summarized Financial Information Obligor Group 
 The 2027 Notes are issued by Teleflex Incorporated (the Parent Company ), and payment of the Parent Company's obligations under the 2027 Notes is guaranteed, jointly and severally, by an enumerated group of the Parent Company s subsidiaries (each, a Guarantor Subsidiary and collectively, the Guarantor Subsidiaries ). The guarantees are full and unconditional, subject to certain customary release provisions. Each Guarantor Subsidiary is directly or indirectly 100 owned by the Parent Company. Summarized financial information for the Parent and Guarantor Subsidiaries (collectively, the Obligor Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Obligor Group Intercompany Obligor Group (excluding intercompany) Net revenue 1,983.0 196.5 1,786.5 Cost of goods sold 1,208.6 323.3 885.3 Gross profit 774.4 (126.8) 901.2 Income from continuing operations 292.7 125.4 167.3 Net income 292.4 125.4 167.0 
 December 31, 2022 
 Obligor Group Intercompany Obligor Group (excluding intercompany) Total current assets 878.3 110.5 767.8 Total assets 3,420.3 1,510.9 1,909.4 Total current liabilities 882.9 627.9 255.0 Total liabilities 3,168.0 712.3 2,455.7 
 The same accounting policies as described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 are used by the Parent Company and each of its subsidiaries in connection with the summarized financial information presented above. The Intercompany column in the table above represents transactions between and among the Obligor Group and non-guarantor subsidiaries (i.e., those subsidiaries of the Parent Company that have not guaranteed payment of the 2027 Notes). Obligor 
 37 

investments in non-guarantor subsidiaries and any related activity are excluded from the financial information presented above. 
 See "Financing Arrangements" below as well as Note 10 and Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information related to our borrowings and financial instruments. 

Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the periods presented: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from continuing operations provided by (used in): 
 Operating activities 
 342.8 652.1 Investing activities 
 (259.4) 156.7 Financing activities 
 (217.5) (715.8) Cash flows provided by (used in) discontinued operations 
 0.8 (0.7) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (19.8) (23.1) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (153.1) 69.2 
 Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was 342.8 million during 2022, and 652.1 million during 2021. The 309.3 million decrease was primarily attributable to less favorable operating results and unfavorable changes in working capital. The unfavorable change in working capital was primarily attributable to a decrease in income taxes due to higher tax payments, a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses, primarily due to higher payroll and benefit related payments, and an increase in inventories due to purchases to maintain customer service levels during a period of elevated global supply chain volatility. 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was 259.4 million during 2022, primarily consisted of 198.4 million in net payments for businesses and intangibles acquired and 79.2 million of capital expenditures. 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was 217.5 million during 2022, which primarily consisted of a net reduction in borrowings of 140.3 million resulting from payments made against our senior credit facility and 63.8 million in dividend payments. 
 For a discussion of our cash flow comparison for 2021 and 2020, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 1, 2022. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and is calculated by subtracting capital expenditures from cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations. This financial measure is used in addition to and in conjunction with results presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S., or GAAP, and should not be considered a substitute for net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations, the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Management believes that free cash flow is a useful measure to investors because it facilitates an assessment of funds available to satisfy current and future obligations, pay dividends and fund acquisitions. We also use this financial measure for internal managerial purposes and to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Free cash flow is not a measure of cash available for discretionary expenditures since we have certain non-discretionary obligations, such as debt service, that are not deducted from the measure. We strongly encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. The following is a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most comparable GAAP measure. 
 38 

2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 
 342.8 652.1 Less: Capital expenditures 
 79.2 71.6 Free cash flow 
 263.6 580.5 
 
 Financing Arrangements 
 
 The following table provides our net debt to total capital ratio: 
 2022 2021 Net debt includes: Current borrowings 87.5 110.0 Long-term borrowings 1,624.0 1,740.1 Unamortized debt issuance costs 11.8 13.4 Total debt 1,723.3 1,863.5 Less: Cash and cash equivalents 292.0 445.1 Net debt 1,431.3 1,418.4 Total capital includes: Net debt 1,431.3 1,418.4 Shareholders equity 4,022.0 3,754.7 Total capital 5,453.3 5,173.1 Percent of net debt to total capital 26.2 27.4 
 Fixed rate debt comprised 58.0 and 53.7 of total debt at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in fixed rate borrowings as a percentage of total borrowings as of December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year was due to payments made on our senior credit facility. 
 Senior credit facility 
 On November 4, 2022, we amended and restated our existing credit agreement by entering into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement which provides for a five-year revolving credit facility of 1.0 billion and a term loan facility of 500.0 million. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed (subject to certain exceptions and limitations) by substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured, subject to certain exceptions and limitations, by a lien on substantially all of the assets owned by us and each guarantor. The maturity date of the revolving credit facility and the term loan facility under the Credit Agreement is November 4, 2027. 
 At our option, loans under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate equal to adjusted Term SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.125 to 2.00 or at an alternate base rate, which is defined as the highest of (i) the Prime Rate in the U.S. last quoted by The Wall Street Journal, (ii) 0.50 above the greater of the federal funds rate and the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars and (iii) 1.00 above the Term SOFR Rate for a one month interest period, plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.125 to 1.00 , in each case subject to adjustments based on our total net leverage ratio. Overdue loans will bear interest at the rate otherwise applicable to such loans plus 2.00 . 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 148.3 million in borrowings outstanding and 0.9 million in outstanding standby letters of credit under our 1.0 billion revolving credit facility. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and covenants that, in each case, subject to certain exceptions, qualifications and thresholds, (a) place limitations on us and our subsidiaries regarding the incurrence of additional indebtedness, additional liens, fundamental changes, dispositions of property, investments and acquisitions, dividends and other restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, restrictive agreements, changes in lines of business and swap agreements, and (b) require us and our subsidiaries to comply with sanction laws and other laws and agreements, to deliver financial information and certain other information and give notice of certain events, to maintain their existence and good standing, to pay their other obligations, to permit the administrative agent and the lenders to inspect their books and property, to use the proceeds of the Credit Agreement only for certain permitted purposes and to provide collateral in the future. Subject to certain exceptions, 
 39 

we are required to maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio of 4.50 to 1.00. We are further required to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.50 to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants in the Credit Agreement. 
 2027 and 2028 Senior Notes 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal amount of our 2027 Notes and 2028 Notes (collectively the "Senior Notes") was 500 million, respectively. The indenture governing the Senior Notes contains covenants that, among other things among other things and subject to certain exceptions, limit or restrict our ability, and the ability of our subsidiaries, to create liens; consolidate, merge or dispose of certain assets; and enter into sale leaseback transactions. The obligations under the Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of our existing and future 100 owned domestic subsidiaries that are a guarantor or other obligor under the Credit Agreement and by certain of our other 100 owned domestic subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of the terms of our Senior Notes. 
 Accounts receivable securitization 
 We have an accounts receivable securitization facility under which we sell an undivided interest in domestic accounts receivable for consideration of up to 75 million to a commercial paper conduit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we borrowed the maximum amount available of 75 million under this facility. This facility is utilized to provide increased flexibility in funding short term working capital requirements. The agreement governing the accounts receivable securitization facility contains certain covenants and termination events. An occurrence of an event of default or a termination event under this facility may give rise to the right of our counterparty to terminate this facility. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants and none of the termination events had occurred. 
 For additional information regarding our indebtedness, see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from the amounts derived from those estimates and assumptions. 
 We have identified the following as critical accounting estimates, which are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, are the most pervasive and important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. The following discussion should be considered in conjunction with the description of our accounting policies in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Inventory Utilization 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Factors utilized in the determination of estimated net realizable value and whether a reserve is required include (i) current sales data and historical return rates, (ii) estimates of future demand, (iii) competitive pricing pressures, (iv) new product introductions, (v) product expiration dates, and (vi) component and packaging obsolescence. 
 We review the net realizable value of inventory each reporting period and adjust as necessary. We regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. In assessing historical usage, we also qualitatively assess business trends to evaluate the reasonableness of using historical information in estimating future usage. Our inventory reserve was 47.1 million and 42.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 We assess the remaining useful life and recoverability of long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. For example, such an assessment may be initiated if, as a result of a change in expectations, we believe it is more likely than not that the asset will be sold or disposed of significantly before the end of its useful life or if an adverse change occurs in the business employing the 
 40 

asset. Significant judgments in this area involve determining whether such events or circumstances have occurred and determining the appropriate asset group requiring evaluation. The recoverability evaluation is based on various analyses, including undiscounted cash flow projections, which involve significant management judgment. Any impairment loss, if indicated, equals the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets include indefinite-lived assets (such as goodwill, certain trade names and in-process research and development ("IPR D")), as well as finite-lived intangibles (such as trade names that do not have indefinite lives, customer relationships, intellectual property, distribution rights and non-competition agreements) and are, generally, obtained through acquisition. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are measured at fair value and we allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination to goodwill. Considerable management judgment is necessary in making the assumptions used in the estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired in a business combination. 
 The costs of finite-lived intangibles are amortized to expense over their estimated useful life. Determining the useful life of an intangible asset requires considerable judgment as different types of intangible assets typically will have different useful lives. Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized; we test these assets annually for impairment during the fourth quarter, using the first day of the quarter as the measurement date, or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances that indicate an impairment may have occurred. Such conditions may include an economic downturn in a geographic market or a change in the assessment of future operations. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill impairment assessments are performed at a reporting unit level. For purposes of this assessment, our reporting units are our operating segments, or, in certain cases, a business one level below our operating segments. As the fair values of our reporting units are more likely than not greater than the carrying values, no impairment was recorded as a result of the annual goodwill impairment testing performed during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 In applying the goodwill impairment test, we may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Qualitative factors may include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry conditions, the competitive environment, changes in the market for our products and services, regulatory and political developments, and entity specific factors such as strategies and financial performance. If, after completing the qualitative assessment, we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we proceed to a quantitative impairment test described below. Alternatively, we may test goodwill for impairment through the quantitative impairment test without conducting the qualitative analysis. 
 Under a quantitative impairment test we compare the fair value of a reporting unit to the carrying value. We calculate the fair value of the reporting unit using a combination of two methods; one which estimates the discounted cash flows of the reporting unit based on projected earnings in the future (the Income Approach) and one which is based on revenue and EBITDA of similar businesses to those of the reporting unit in actual transactions (the Market Approach). If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value, there is no impairment. If the reporting unit carrying value exceeds the fair value, we recognize an impairment loss based on the amount the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. 
 The more significant judgments and assumptions in determining fair value using in the Income Approach include (1) the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, which are based primarily on our estimates of future sales, operating income, industry trends and the regulatory environment of the individual reporting units, (2) the expected long-term growth rates for each of our reporting units, which approximate the expected long-term growth rate of the global economy and of the medical device industry, and (3) the discount rates that are used to estimate the present value of the future cash flows, which are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting units along with various market based inputs. The more significant judgments and assumptions used in the Market Approach include (1) determination of appropriate revenue and EBITDA multiples used to estimate a reporting unit s fair value and (2) the selection of appropriate comparable companies to be used for purposes of determining those multiples. There were no changes to the underlying methods used in 2022 as compared to the valuations of our reporting units in the past several years. 
 Our expected future growth rates estimated for purposes of the goodwill impairment test are based on our estimates of future sales, operating income and cash flow and are consistent with our internal budgets and business 
 41 

plans, which reflect a modest amount of core revenue growth coupled with the successful launch of new products each year; the effect of these growth indicators more than offset volume losses from products that are expected to reach the end of their life cycle. Changes in assumptions underlying the Income Approach could cause a reporting unit's carrying value to exceed its fair value. While we believe our assumed growth rates of sales and cash flows are reasonable, the possibility remains that the revenue growth of a reporting unit may not be as high as expected, and, as a result, the estimated fair value of that reporting unit may decline. In this regard, if our strategy and new products are not successful and we do not achieve anticipated core revenue growth in the future with respect to a reporting unit, the goodwill in the reporting unit may become impaired and, in such case, we may incur material impairment charges. Moreover, changes in revenue and EBITDA multiples in actual transactions from those historically present could result in an assessment that a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, in which case we also may incur material impairment charges. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 
 Intangible assets are assets acquired that lack physical substance and that meet the specified criteria for recognition apart from goodwill. Management tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. Similar to the goodwill impairment test process, we may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value. If, after completing the qualitative assessment, we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its carrying amount, the asset is not impaired. If we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than the carrying value, we then proceed to a quantitative impairment test, which consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. Alternatively, we may elect to forgo the qualitative analysis and test the indefinite-lived intangible asset for impairment through the quantitative impairment test. 
 In connection with intangible assets acquired in a business combination and quantitative impairment tests, we determine the estimated fair value using various methods under the Income Approach. The more significant judgments and assumptions used in the valuation of intangible assets may include revenue growth rates, royalty rate, discount rate, attrition rate, and EBITDA margin. Each of these factors and assumptions can significantly impact the value of the intangible asset. 
 We did not record any impairment charges related to intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded impairment charges of 6.7 million related to our decision to abandon intellectual property and other assets primarily associated with our respiratory product portfolio that were not transferred to Medline as part of the Respiratory business divestiture. See "Restructuring and impairment charges" within "Result of Operations" above as well as Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on these charges. 
 Contingent Consideration Liabilities 
 
 In connection with an acquisition, we may be required to pay future consideration that is contingent upon the achievement of specified objectives, such as receipt of regulatory approval, commercialization of a product or achievement of sales targets. In a business combination, we record a contingent liability, as of the acquisition date, representing the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration we expect to pay. We determined the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities related to the Standard Bariatrics acquisition, which represented most of our contingent consideration liabilities at December 31, 2022, using a Monte Carlo valuation approach, which simulates future revenues during the earn out-period using management's best estimates. We determined the fair value of our other contingent consideration liabilities using a discounted cash flow analysis. Significant judgment is required in determining the assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the contingent consideration. Increases in projected revenues and probabilities of payment may result in significantly higher fair value measurements; decreases in these items may have the opposite effect. Increases in discount rates in the periods prior to payment may result in significantly lower fair value measurements; decreases may have the opposite effect. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 We remeasure our contingent consideration liabilities each reporting period and recognize the change in the liabilities' fair value within selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we accrued 44.0 million and 9.8 million of contingent consideration, respectively, related to completed business combinations. 
 42 

If the transaction is determined to be an asset acquisition rather than a business combination, a contingent consideration liability is recognized when the specified objective is deemed probable and is estimable. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our annual provision for income taxes and determination of the deferred tax assets and liabilities require management to assess uncertainties, make judgments regarding outcomes and utilize estimates. The difficulties inherent in such assessments, judgments and estimates are particularly challenging because we conduct a broad range of operations around the world, subjecting us to complex tax regulations in numerous international jurisdictions. As a result, we are at times subject to tax audits, disputes with tax authorities and potential litigation, the outcome of which is uncertain. In connection with its estimates of our tax assets and liabilities, management must, among other things, make judgments about the outcome of these uncertain matters. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured and recorded using currently enacted tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their tax bases are recovered or settled. The likelihood of a material change in our expected realization of these assets is dependent on future taxable income, our ability to use foreign tax credit carryforwards and carrybacks, final U.S. and non-U.S. tax settlements, changes in tax law, and the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies in the various relevant jurisdictions. While management believes that its judgments and interpretations regarding income taxes are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience may require future adjustments to our tax assets and liabilities, which could be material. 
 In assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets, we evaluate positive and negative evidence and use judgments regarding past and future events, including results of operations and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the deferred tax assets. Based on this assessment, we determine when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of our deferred tax assets may not be realized, in which case we apply a valuation allowance to offset the amount of such deferred tax assets. To the extent facts and circumstances change in the future, adjustments to the valuation allowances may be required. The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets of 91.5 million and 143.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, relates principally to the uncertainty of the utilization of tax loss and credit carryforwards in various jurisdictions. 
 Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and in evaluating tax positions. We establish additional provisions for income taxes when, despite the belief that tax positions are supportable, there remain certain positions that do not meet the minimum probability threshold, which is a tax position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority. In the normal course of business, we are examined by various federal, state and non-U.S. tax authorities. We regularly assess the potential outcomes of these examinations and any future examinations for the current or prior years in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We adjust the income tax provision, the current tax liability and deferred taxes in any period in which we become aware of facts that necessitate an adjustment. We are currently under examination in Ireland. Germany and France. The ultimate outcome of these examinations could result in increases or decreases to our recorded tax liabilities, which would affect our financial results. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our uncertain tax positions. 

New Accounting Standards 
 
 See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards, including estimated effects, if any, of the adoption of those standards on our consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to certain financial risks, specifically fluctuations in market interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and, to a lesser extent, commodity prices. We address these risks through a risk management program that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. We do not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We manage our exposure to counterparty risk on derivative instruments by entering into contracts with a diversified group of major financial institutions and by actively monitoring outstanding positions. 
 We also are exposed to changes in the market trading price of our common stock as it influences the valuation of stock options and their effect on earnings. 
 43 

Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of our borrowing activities and our cash balances. The table below provides information regarding the interest rates by year of maturity for our fixed and variable rate debt obligations. Variable interest rates on December 31, 2022 were determined using a base rate of the one-month LIBOR rate plus the applicable spread. 
 Year of Maturity 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Fixed rate debt 500 500.0 1,000.0 Average interest rate 4.625 4.250 4.438 Variable rate debt 87.5 12.5 25.0 25.0 573.3 723.3 Average interest rate 5.206 5.798 5.798 5.798 5.798 5.726 
 A change of 1.0 in variable interest rates would increase or decrease annual interest expense by 7.2 million based on our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 The global nature of our operations exposes us to foreign currency risks. These risks include exposure from the effect of fluctuating exchange rates on payables and receivables as well as intercompany loans relating to transactions that are denominated in currencies other than a location s functional currency and exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations to the U.S. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of a reporting period. Our principal currency exposures relate to the Euro, Chinese Renminbi, Mexican Peso, Malaysia Ringgit, Czech Koruna, Canadian Dollar, and British Pound. We utilize foreign currency forward exchange contracts and cross-currency interest rate swap contracts to attempt to minimize our exposure to these risks. Gains and losses on these contracts substantially offset losses and gains on the underlying hedged transactions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total notional amount for the foreign currency forward exchange contracts and cross-currency interest rates swap contracts, expressed in U.S. dollars, was 337.7 million and 750.0 million, respectively. A sensitivity analysis of changes in fair value of these contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2022, while not predictive in nature, indicated that a hypothetical 10 increase/decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against all currencies would increase/decrease the fair value of these contracts by 68.2 million, the majority of which relates to the cross-currency interest rate swap contracts. 
 See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding the accounting treatment of our foreign currency forward exchange contracts and cross-currency interest rates swap contracts. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and supplementary data required by this Item are included herein, commencing on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were functioning effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. A controls system cannot provide 
 44 

absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. We acquired Standard Bariatrics on September 27, 2022. Consistent with the guidance provided by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission, management has excluded Standard Bariatrics from its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The net revenues attributable to Standard Bariatrics from the date of acquisition through December 31, 2022, represent, in the aggregate, less than 1 of our consolidated net revenues for the year then ended, and the total assets (excluding goodwill and intangible assets) attributable to Standard Bariatrics represent, in the aggregate, less than 1 of our consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management s report on internal control over financial reporting is set forth on page F-2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 (c) Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In connection with our acquisition of Standard Bariatrics, we are in the process of evaluating the acquired company's internal controls to determine the extent to which modifications to Standard Bariatrics' internal controls would be appropriate. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 On February 21, 2023, our Board of Directors (the "Board") approved an amendment and restatement of our Bylaws to provide our stockholders with the right to call a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting Amendment and to make other administrative changes primarily to reflect recent Delaware law developments (the Administrative Amendments ), in each case as further described below. 
 Special Meeting Amendment 
 Prior to this amendment, our Bylaws provided that only the Board could call a special meeting of stockholders. The Special Meeting Amendment generally provides one or more stockholders who have owned continuously for at least one year at least 20 of all outstanding shares of the Company s common stock the right to call a special meeting of stockholders, subject to the requirements and procedures set forth in the Special Meeting Amendment. 
 Administrative Amendments 
 The Board also approved the Administrative Amendments to the Bylaws to conform the Company s notice provision with the applicable Delaware statute and to incorporate a new Delaware law provision related to notices of adjournments, including with respect to remote meetings of stockholders. In addition, the Administrative Amendments provide that any stockholder soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which color is reserved for the exclusive use by the Board. 
 The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Third Amended and Restated Bylaws, which are attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 45 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 For the information required by this Item 10 with respect to our Executive Officers, see Part I, Item 1. of this report. For the other information required by this Item 10, see Election Of Directors, Nominees for Election to the Board of Directors, Corporate Governance and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting, which information is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting will be filed within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 For the information required by this Item 11, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, and Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 For the information required by this Item 12 with respect to beneficial ownership of our common stock, see Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022 regarding our equity plans: 
 Plan Category Number of Securities 
 to be Issued Upon 
 Exercise of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants, and Rights (1) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (A)) (A) (B) (C) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,228,848 230.58 2,843,121 
 (1) The number of securities in column (A) exclude 62,927 shares of common stock underlying performance stock units if maximum performance levels are achieved; the actual number of shares, if any, to be issued with respect to the performance stock units will be based on performance with respect to specified financial and relative stock price measures. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 For the information required by this Item 13, see Certain Transactions and Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 For the information required by this Item 14, see Audit and Non-Audit Fees and Audit Committee Pre-Approval Procedures in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 46 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 The Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule is set forth on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Exhibits: 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this report (unless otherwise 
 indicated, the file number with respect to each filed document is 1-5353): Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Company s Form 8 -K filed on May 5 , 20 22 ). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company . 
 4.1.1 Indenture, dated May 16, 2016, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No 333-211276) filed on May 11, 2016). 
 4.1.2 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 20, 2017, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2017). 
 4.1.3 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 6, 2019, by and among Teleflex LLC, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4. 1 .3 to the Company s Form 10 -K filed on March 1 , 201 2 . 
 4.1.4 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 25, 2021, by and among Z-Medica, LLC, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4. 1. 4 to the Company s Form 10 -K filed on March 1 , 201 2 . 
 4.1.5 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 7, 2022, by and among Standard Bariatrics, Inc., Traverse Vascular, Inc., the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association). 
 4.1.6 Form of 4.625 Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.1 .2 ). 
 4.2.1 Indenture, dated May 27, 2020, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 27, 2020). 
 4.2.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated February 25, 2021, by and among Z-Medica, LLC, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4. 2 . 2 to the Company s Form 10 -K filed on March 1 , 201 2 . 
 4.2.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated November 7, 2022, by and among Standard Bariatrics, Inc., Traverse Vascular, Inc., the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association). 
 4.2.4 Form of 4.25 Senior Note due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.2.1). 
 4.3 Description of Company securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . 
 
 10.1 Teleflex Incorporated Retirement Income Plan (formerly known as the Teleflex Incorporated Salaried Employees Pension Plan), as amended and restated effective January 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 20, 2015). 
 10.2.1 Teleflex Incorporated Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, dated November 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2020) . 
 10.2.2 Teleflex Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan, dated November 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.2 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2020). 
 10.3.1 Amended and Restated Teleflex 401(k) Savings Plan, effective as of January 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 .1 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 202 2 . 
 10.3.2 First Amendment to Teleflex 401(k) Savings Plan, dated April 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 . 2 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 202 2 . 
 
 47 

Exhibit No. Description 10.3.3 S econd Amendment to Teleflex 401(k) Savings Plan, dated November 7, 2022. 
 10.4.1 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on March 21, 2008). 
 10.4.2 Amendment, dated March 28, 2012, to 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2012). 
 10.4.3 Form of Stock Option Agreement for stock options granted on or after January 1, 2013 under the Company s 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.3 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2014). 
 10.5 Teleflex Incorporated 2016 Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on March 24, 2016). 
 10.6 Teleflex Incorporated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on March 28, 2014). 
 10.7 Executive Change In Control Agreement, dated March 31, 2017, between the Company and Liam Kelly (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2017). 
 10.8 Senior Executive Officer Severance Agreement, dated March 31, 2017, between the Company and Liam Kelly (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2017). 
 10.9 Senior Executive Officer Severance Agreement, dated March 26, 2013, between the Company and Thomas E. Powell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2013). 
 10.10 Executive Change In Control Agreement, dated March 26, 2013, between the Company and Thomas E. Powell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2013). 
 10.11 Senior Executive Officer Severance Agreement, dated February 17, 2016, between the Company and Cameron P. Hicks (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2016). 
 10.12 Executive Change In Control Agreement, dated February 17, 2016, between the Company and Cameron P. Hicks (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2016). 
 10.13 Contract of Employment, dated March 24, 2020, by and between the Company and James Winters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2020). 
 10.14 Senior Executive Officer Severance Agreement, dated March 24, 2020, between the Company and James Winters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2020). 
 10.15 Executive Change In Control Agreement, dated March 24, 2020, between the Company and James Winters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2020). 
 10.16 Senior Executive Officer Severance Agreement, dated January 1, 2021, between the Company and Daniel V. Logue (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021). 
 10.17 Executive Change In Control Agreement, dated January 1, 2021, between the Company and Daniel V. Logue (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021). 
 10.18 Senior Executive Officer Severance Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, between the Company and Jay White (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2021). 
 10.19 Executive Change In Control Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, between the Company and Jay White (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2021). 
 10.20 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 4 , 20 22 , among the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A. , PNC Bank, National Association , W ells Fargo Bank, National Association and HSBC Securities (USA) INC. , as co-syndication agents, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and each other party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2022 ). 
 
 48 

Exhibit No. Description 10.21 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under the Company s 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2018). 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 22 List of subsidiary guarantors and guaranteed securities 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Exchange Act. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Exchange Act. 
 101.1 The following materials from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104.1 The cover page of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101.1). 
 _____________________________________________________ 
 Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the filing indicated and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed pursuant to Item 15(b) of this report. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. We have elected not to include such summary information. 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized as of the date indicated below. TELEFLEX INCORPORATED By: /s/ Liam J. Kelly Liam J. Kelly Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and as of the date indicated below. 
 By: /s/ Liam J. Kelly By: /s/ Thomas E. Powell Liam J. Kelly Thomas E. Powell Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ John R. Deren John R. Deren Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 By: /s/ George Babich, Jr. By: /s/ Dr. Stephen K. Klasko George Babich, Jr. Director Dr. Stephen K. Klasko Director By: /s/ Candace H. Duncan By: /s/ Andrew A. Krakauer Candace H. Duncan Director Andrew A. Krakauer Director By: /s/ Gretchen R. Haggerty By: /s/ Neena M. Patil Gretchen R. Haggerty 
 Director 
 Neena M. Patil Director By: /s/ John C. Heinmiller By: /s/ Stuart A. Randle John C. Heinmiller Director Stuart A. Randle Director 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 
 50 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting F- 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 11 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 Page Schedule II Valuation and qualifying accounts as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 43 

F-1 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of Teleflex Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by the Company's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). As a result of this assessment and based on the criteria in the COSO framework, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 The Company acquired Standard Bariatrics on September 27, 2022. Management has excluded Standard Bariatrics from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The net revenues attributable to Standard Bariatrics from their respective dates of acquisition through December 31, 2022, represent, in the aggregate, less than 1 of our consolidated net revenues for the year then ended and total assets (excluding goodwill and intangible assets) attributable to Standard Bariatrics represent, in the aggregate, less than 1 of our consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 /s/ Liam J. Kelly /s/ Thomas E. Powell Liam J. Kelly 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Thomas E. Powell 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 F-2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Teleflex Incorporated 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes and financial statement schedule, of Teleflex Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the Company as listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Standard Bariatrics from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2022. We have also excluded Standard Bariatrics from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Standard Bariatrics is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent less than 1 of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting 
 F-3 

includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Acquisition of Standard Bariatrics, Inc. - Valuation of Intellectual Property Intangible Assets and Contingent Consideration 
 
 As described in Notes 4 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed the acquisition of Standard Bariatrics, Inc. Standard Bariatrics on September 27, 2022. The fair value of consideration transferred was 211.8 million, which included cash payments of 173.0 million and 38.8 million in estimated fair value of contingent consideration. The fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation approach. Inputs and assumptions used in determining the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities include revenue growth rates (based on internal operational budgets and long-range strategic plans), revenue volatility, discount rates, probability of payment and projected payment dates. Identifiable intangible assets acquired included 128.3 million of intellectual property intangible assets. As disclosed by management, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are measured at fair value using various methods under the income approach. The more significant judgments and assumptions used in the valuation of intangible assets may include revenue growth rates, royalty rate, discount rate, attrition rate, and EBITDA margin. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of intellectual property intangible assets and contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Standard Bariatrics is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimates of the intellectual property intangible assets and contingent consideration; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to revenue growth rates, discount rate, and EBITDA margin for the intellectual property intangible assets and revenue growth rates, revenue volatility, discount rate, probability of payment and projected payment dates for the contingent consideration; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing of the effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition accounting, including controls over management s valuation of the intellectual property intangible assets and contingent consideration related to the acquisition. These procedures also included, among others (i) reading the purchase agreement and (ii) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates of the intellectual property intangible assets and contingent consideration. Testing management s process included evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods, testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the valuation methods, and evaluating the reasonableness of the aforementioned significant assumptions. Evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the revenue growth rates, revenue volatility and EBITDA margins involved considering the current and past performance of the Standard Bariatrics business, the consistency with economic and industry data, and whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Evaluating management s significant assumption related to projected 
 F-4 

payment dates involved evaluating whether the assumption used was reasonable considering the terms of the purchase agreement. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods and the reasonableness of the discount rate for the intellectual property intangible assets and the revenue volatility, probability of payment and discount rate for the contingent consideration. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1962. 
 
 F-5 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars and shares in thousands, except 
 per share) 
 Net revenues 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Gross profit 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Research and development expenses 
 Restructuring and impairment charges Gain on sale of assets and business ) ) Income from continuing operations before interest, loss on extinguishment of debt and taxes Interest expense 
 Interest income 
 ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Income from continuing operations before taxes Taxes on income from continuing operations Income from continuing operations Operating income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Taxes (benefit) on operating loss from discontinued operations ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income Earnings per share: Basic: Income from continuing operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income Diluted: 
 Income from continuing operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Net income 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 
 Foreign currency: 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of ), ) and , respectively 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation, net of tax 
 ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits plans: 
 Prior service cost recognized in net periodic cost, net of tax of , and ), respectively 
 ) ) Unamortized (loss) gain arising during the period, net of tax of , ) and , respectively 
 ) ) Plan amendments, curtailments, and settlements, net of tax of , and ), respectively 
 Net loss recognized in net periodic cost, net of tax of ), ) and ), respectively 
 Foreign currency translation, net of tax of ), ) and , respectively 
 ) Pension and other postretirement benefits plans adjustment, net of tax 
 ) Derivatives qualifying as hedges: 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives arising during the period, net of tax ), ) and , respectively 
 ) Reclassification adjustment on derivatives included in net income, net of tax of , and ), respectively 
 ) Derivatives qualifying as hedges, net of tax 
 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share) ASSETS Current assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Prepaid taxes 
 Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Operating lease assets Goodwill 
 Intangibles assets, net 
 Deferred tax assets 
 Other assets 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Current borrowings 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses 
 Payroll and benefit-related liabilities 
 Accrued interest 
 Income taxes payable 
 Other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities Long-term borrowings 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Pension and postretirement benefit liabilities 
 Noncurrent liability for uncertain tax positions 
 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity Common shares, par value Issued: 2022 shares; 2021 shares 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Less: Treasury stock, at cost 
 Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: (Income) loss from discontinued operations ) ) Depreciation expense Intangible asset amortization expense Deferred financing costs and debt discount amortization expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Fair value step up of acquired inventory sold Changes in contingent consideration ) Assets impairment charges Stock-based compensation Gain on sale of assets and business ) ) Deferred income taxes, net ) ) ) Payments for contingent consideration ) ) ) Interest benefit on swaps designated as net investment hedges ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and disposals: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Income taxes ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations Cash flows from investing activities of continuing operations: Expenditures for property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Payments for businesses and intangibles acquired, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of business and assets Net interest proceeds on swaps designated as net investment hedges Proceeds from sales of investments Purchase of investments ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities from continuing operations ) ) Cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations: Proceeds from new borrowings Reduction in borrowings ) ) ) Debt extinguishment, issuance and amendment fees ) ) ) Net proceeds from share based compensation plans and the related tax impacts ) Payments for contingent consideration ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of treasury stock Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities from continuing operations ) ) Cash flows from discontinued operations: Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued operations ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Common Stock Additional 
 Paid in 
 Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (income) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Dollars Shares Dollars (Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share amounts) Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Cumulative effect adjustment resulting from the adoption of new accounting standards ) ) Net income 
 Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss Shares issued under compensation plans 
 ) Deferred compensation 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income 
 Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income ) ) Shares issued under compensation plans 
 ) Treasury stock reissued ) Deferred compensation 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income ) ) Shares issued under compensation plans ) Deferred compensation ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-10 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (all tabular amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted) 
 
 Note 1 

The allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was million and million, respectively. The current portion of the allowance for credit losses, which was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, was recognized as a reduction of accounts receivable, net. 

years; machinery and equipment to years; computer equipment and software to years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the useful lives of the leasehold improvements or the remaining lease term. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 
 F-11 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to years; customer relationships, to years; distribution rights, years; trade names, to years; non-compete agreement, years. The weighted average remaining amortization period with respect to our intangible assets is approximately years. We periodically evaluate the reasonableness of the useful lives of these assets. 

F-12 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-13 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

, and of our consolidated net revenues, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods. With respect to the custom products sold in the OEM segment, revenue is measured using the units produced output method. Payment is generally due 30 days from the date of invoice. 
 We have made the following revenue accounting policy elections and elected to use certain practical expedients: (1) we account for amounts collected from customers for sales and other taxes, net of related amounts remitted to tax authorities; (2) we do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component because, at contract inception, we expect the period between the time when we transfer a promised good or service to the customer and the time when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less; (3) we expense costs to obtain a contract as they are incurred if the expected period of benefit, and therefore the amortization period, is one year or less; (4) we account for shipping and handling activities that occur after control transfers to the customer as a fulfillment cost rather than an additional promised service; (5) we classify shipping and handling costs within cost of goods sold; and (6) with respect to the OEM segment, we have applied the practical expedient to exclude disclosure of remaining performance obligations as the contracts typically have a term of one year or less. 
 The amount of consideration we receive and revenue we recognize varies as a result of changes in customer sales incentives, including discounts and rebates, and returns offered to customers. The estimate of revenue is adjusted upon the earlier of the following events: (i) the most likely amount of consideration expected to be received changes or (ii) the consideration becomes fixed. Our policy is to accept returns only in cases in which the product is defective and covered under our standard warranty provisions. When we give customers the right to return products, we estimate the expected returns based on an analysis of historical experience. The liability for returns and allowances was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In estimating customer rebates, we consider the lag time between the point of sale and the payment of the customer s rebate claim, customer-specific trend analyses, contractual commitments, including stated rebate rates, historical experience with respect to specific customers (as we have a history of providing similar rebates on similar products to similar customers) and other relevant information. The reserve for customer incentive programs, including customer rebates, was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect the amounts subject to the reserve as of December 31, 2022 to be paid within 90 days subsequent to period-end. 

Note 2 

F-14 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 3 - 
 Anesthesia Interventional Surgical Interventional urology OEM Other (1) 
 Net revenues (2) 
 
 (1) Includes revenues generated from sales of our respiratory and urology products (other than interventional urology products). Certain product lines within the respiratory product category were sold during 2021. See Note 4 for additional information related to the Respiratory business divestiture. 
 (2) The product categories listed above are presented on a global basis, while each of our reportable segments other than the OEM reportable segment are defined based on the geographic location of its operations; the OEM reportable segment operates globally. Each of the geographically based reportable segments includes net revenues from each of the non-OEM product categories listed above. 

Note 4 
 million, which included cash payments of million and million in estimated fair value of contingent consideration. The contingent consideration liability represents the estimated fair value of our obligations, under the acquisition agreement, to make milestone payments up to million in aggregate if certain commercial milestones are met. The milestone payments are based on net sales growth over the period following the closing of the transaction. The fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation approach. See Note 12 for additional information on the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration. The acquisition was financed using borrowings under our revolving credit facility and cash on hand. 
 Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets acquired Less: Current liabilities Other liabilities Liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 
 F-15 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Trade names Customer relationships 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred million in transaction expenses associated with the Standard Bariatrics acquisition, which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of income. Pro forma information for the Standard Bariatrics acquisition is not presented as the operations of Standard Bariatrics are not deemed to be significant to our overall operations. 
 Asset Acquisition 
 On June 13, 2022, we acquired a privately-owned catheter company for an initial cash payment of million. Under the terms of the acquisition agreement, we may become obligated to make additional cash payments up to million if certain commercial and revenue goals are met. The acquisition, which complements our interventional product portfolio, principally consisted of a proprietary catheter design and other related intellectual property, being amortized over a useful life of years. 
 Divestiture 
 On May 15, 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell certain product lines within our global respiratory product portfolio (the "Divested respiratory business") to Medline Industries, Inc. Medline for consideration of million, reduced by million in working capital not transferring to Medline, which is subject to customary post close adjustments (the "Respiratory business divestiture"). In connection with the Respiratory business divestiture, we also entered into several ancillary agreements with Medline to help facilitate the transfer of the business, which provide for transition support, quality, supply and manufacturing services, including a manufacturing and supply transition agreement (the "MSTA"). 
 On June 28, 2021, we completed the initial phase of the Respiratory business divestiture, pursuant to which we received cash proceeds of million. The second phase of the Respiratory business divestiture will occur once we transfer certain additional manufacturing assets to Medline. Our receipt of million in additional cash proceeds is contingent upon the transfer of these manufacturing assets and is expected to occur prior to the end of 2023. We plan to recognize the contingent consideration, and any gain on sale resulting from the second phase of the divestiture, when it becomes realizable. 
 Net revenues attributable to our divested respiratory business recognized prior to the Respiratory business divestiture are included within each of our geographic segments and were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net revenues attributed to services provided to Medline in accordance with the MSTA, which are presented within our Americas reporting segment, were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Supplemental cash flow information 

F-16 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 5 
 million to million 
 Other costs (1) 
 million to million 
 Restructuring Charges million to million 
 Restructuring related charges (2) 
 million to million 
 Total restructuring and restructuring related charges million to million 
 
 (1) Includes facility closure and outplacement costs. 
 (2) Restructuring related charges represent costs that are directly related to the program and principally comprise costs to transfer manufacturing operations to the existing lower-cost locations, project management costs and accelerated depreciation. The plan also includes an million non cash tax related charge arising from establishing a valuation allowance against a local deferred tax asset, which is no longer expected to be utilized as a result of the transfer. Excluding this tax charge, the majority of the restructuring related charges are expected to be recognized within cost of goods sold. 
 We estimate that million to million of the restructuring and restructuring related charges will result in cash outlays, most of which are expected to be made in 2023. Additionally, we expect to incur approximately million in aggregate capital expenditures under the plan, most of which is expected to be incurred during 2023. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred million in restructuring related charges, which were recognized in cost of goods sold and taxes on income from continuing operations. 
 Respiratory divestiture plan 
 During 2021 and in connection with the Respiratory business divestiture, we committed to a restructuring plan designed to separate the manufacturing operations to be transferred to Medline from those that will remain with Teleflex, which includes related workforce reductions (the Respiratory divestiture plan ). The plan includes expanding certain of our existing locations to accommodate the transfer of capacity from the sites being transferred to Medline and replicating the manufacturing processes at alternate existing locations. We expect this plan will be substantially completed by the end of 2023. 
 million to million 
 Restructuring related charges (2) 
 million to million 
 Total restructuring and restructuring related charges million to million 
 
 (1) Substantially all of the charges consist of employee termination benefit costs. 
 (2) Consist of charges that are directly related to the Respiratory divestiture plan and principally constitute costs to transfer manufacturing operations to other locations and project management costs. Substantially all of the charges are expected to be recognized within costs of goods sold. 
 We expect substantially all of the restructuring and restructuring related charges will result in future cash outlays. Additionally, we expect to incur million to million in aggregate capital expenditures under the plan. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred million and million, respectively, in pre-tax restructuring related charges, all of which were recognized in cost of goods sold. 
 F-17 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we have incurred net aggregate restructuring related charges in connection with the Respiratory divestiture plan of million, which were primarily included in cost of goods sold . 
 2019 Footprint realignment plan 
 In February 2019, we initiated a restructuring plan primarily involving the relocation of certain manufacturing operations to existing lower-cost locations and related workforce reductions (the 2019 Footprint realignment plan"). The plan is substantially complete and as a result, we expect future restructuring expenses associated with the plan, if any, to be immaterial. 
 2018 Footprint realignment plan 
 In May 2018, we initiated a restructuring plan involving the relocation of certain European manufacturing operations to existing lower-cost locations, the outsourcing of certain European distribution operations and related workforce reductions (the "2018 Footprint realignment plan"). The plan is substantially complete and as a result, we expect future restructuring expenses associated with the plan, if any, to be immaterial. 
 2014 Footprint realignment plan 
 In April 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan involving the consolidation of operations and a related reduction in workforce at certain facilities, and the relocation of manufacturing operations from certain higher-cost locations to existing lower-cost locations (the "2014 Footprint realignment plan"). The plan is substantially complete and as a result, we expect future restructuring expenses associated with the plan, if any, to be immaterial. 
 Subsequent accruals Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 (1) 
 Subsequent accruals ) Cash payments ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 
 
 (1) The restructuring reserves as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 consisted mainly of accruals related to termination benefits. Other costs (facility closure, employee relocation, equipment relocation and outplacement costs) were expensed and paid in the same period. 
 Respiratory divestiture plan 2019 Footprint realignment plan ) ) 2018 Footprint realignment plan Other restructuring programs (2) 
 Total restructuring charges Asset impairment charges Total restructuring and impairment charges 
 F-18 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2021 Restructuring plan 2019 Footprint realignment plan ) 2018 Footprint realignment plan Other restructuring programs (3) 
 ) Total restructuring charges Asset impairment charges Total restructuring and impairment charges 
 2020 Termination benefits Other Costs (1) 
 Total 2020 Workforce reduction plan 2019 Footprint realignment plan 2018 Footprint realignment plan Other restructuring programs (4) 
 ) Total restructuring charges Asset impairment charges Total restructuring and impairment charges 
 (1) Includes facility closure, contract termination and other exit costs. 
 (2) Includes activity primarily related to a restructuring plan initiated in the first quarter of 2022 that is designed to relocate manufacturing operations at certain of our facilities, the 2014 Footprint realignment plan and the 2020 Workforce reduction plan, a program initiated in the second quarter of 2020. 
 (3) Includes the 2020 Workforce reduction plan and the 2014 Footprint realignment plan. 
 (4) Includes activity primarily related to the 2016 and 2014 Footprint realignment plans. 
 Impairment Charges 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded impairment charges of million related to our decision to abandon certain assets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded impairment charges of million related to our decision to abandon intellectual property and other assets primarily associated with our respiratory product portfolio that was not transferred to Medline as part of the Respiratory business divestiture. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded impairment charges of million related to our decision to abandon intellectual property and other assets associated with our surgical product portfolio. 

Note 6 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Inventories 
 
 F-19 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 7 
 Machinery and equipment Computer equipment and software Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 

Note 8 
 Accumulated impairment losses 
 ) ) Goodwill disposed ) ) ) ) Goodwill related to acquisitions ) ) ) ) Translation and other adjustments 
 ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Goodwill related to acquisitions Translation and other adjustments ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) In-process research and development Intellectual property ) ) Distribution rights ) ) Trade names ) ) Non-compete agreements ) ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, trade names having a carrying value of million are considered indefinite-lived. Acquired IPR D is indefinite-lived until the completion of the related development project, at which point amortization of the carrying value of the technology will commence. 
 F-20 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The estimated annual amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years is as follows: 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 

Note 9 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities within operating cash flows Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Weighted average remaining lease term years 
 years Weighted average discount rate 
 (1) The current portion of the operating lease liability is included in other current liabilities . 
 
 F-21 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 10 
 at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021, due 2027 
 Term loan facility, at a rate of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31 2021, due 2027 
 Senior Notes due 2027 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Securitization program, at a rate of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Current portion of borrowings ) ) Long-term borrowings 
 Senior credit facility 
 On November 4, 2022, we amended and restated our existing credit agreement by entering into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement which provides for a revolving credit facility of billion and a term loan facility of million. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed (subject to certain exceptions and limitations) by substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured, subject to certain exceptions and limitations, by a lien on substantially all of the assets owned by us and each guarantor. The maturity date of the revolving credit facility and the term loan facility under the Credit Agreement is November 4, 2027. 
 At our option, loans under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate equal to adjusted Term SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from to or at an alternate base rate, which is defined as the highest of (i) the Prime Rate in the U.S. last quoted by The Wall Street Journal, (ii) above the greater of the federal funds rate and the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars and (iii) above the Term SOFR Rate for a one month interest period, plus an applicable margin ranging from to , in each case subject to adjustments based on our total net leverage ratio. Overdue loans will bear interest at the rate otherwise applicable to such loans plus . 
 The obligations to extend credit under the Credit Agreement are subject to customary conditions for transactions of this type. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and covenants that, in each case, subject to certain exceptions, qualifications and thresholds, (a) place limitations on us and our subsidiaries regarding the incurrence of additional indebtedness, additional liens, fundamental changes, dispositions of property, investments and acquisitions, dividends and other restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, restrictive agreements, changes in lines of business and swap agreements, and (b) require us and our subsidiaries to comply with sanction laws and other laws and agreements, to deliver financial information and certain other information and give notice of certain events, to maintain their existence and good standing, to pay their other obligations, to permit the administrative agent and the lenders to inspect their books and property, to use the proceeds of the Credit Agreement only for certain permitted purposes and to provide collateral in the future. Subject to certain exceptions, we are required to maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio of to 1.00. We are further required to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of to 1.00. 
 We capitalized transaction fees of million, including underwriters' discounts and commissions, incurred in connection with the third amendment to the Credit Agreement. Additionally, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of million due to the write off of unamortized deferring financing costs. 
 F-22 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Senior notes due 2027 
 In 2017, we issued million of Senior Notes due 2027 (the "2027 Notes"). We pay interest on the 2027 Notes semi-annually on May 15 and November 15, commencing on May 15, 2018, at a rate of per year. The 2027 Notes mature on November 15, 2027 unless earlier redeemed by us at our option, as described below, or purchased by us at the holder s option under specified circumstances following a Change of Control or Asset Sale (each as defined in the indenture related to the 2027 Notes), coupled with a downgrade in the ratings of the 2027 Notes, or upon our election to exercise our optional redemption rights, as described below. We incurred transaction fees of million, including underwriters discounts and commissions, in connection with the offering of the 2027 Notes, which were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as a reduction to long-term borrowings and are being amortized over the term of the 2027 Notes. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 Our obligations under the 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of our existing and future 100 owned domestic subsidiaries that is a guarantor or other obligor under the Credit Agreement and by certain of our other 100 owned domestic subsidiaries. 
 As of November 15, 2022, we became entitled, on one or more occasions, to redeem some or all of the 2027 Notes at a redemption price of of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes subject to redemption, declining, in annual increments of , to of the principal amount on November 15, 2025, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Prior to November 15, 2022, our redemption rights, which we did not exercise, were subject to different terms. 
 The indenture relating to the 2027 Notes contains covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, limit or restrict our ability to create liens; merge, consolidate, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; or enter into sale leaseback transactions. 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 In 2020, we issued million of Senior Notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes"). We pay interest on the 2028 Notes semi-annually on June 1 and December 1, commencing on December 1, 2020, at a rate of per year. The 2028 Notes mature on June 1, 2028 unless earlier redeemed at our option, as described below, or purchased at the holder s option under specified circumstances following a Change of Control or Event of Default (each as defined in the indenture related to the 2028 Notes), coupled with a downgrade in the ratings of the 2028 Notes, or upon our election to exercise its optional redemption rights, as described below. We incurred transaction fees of million, including underwriters discounts and commissions, in connection with the offering of the 2028 Notes, which were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as a reduction to long-term borrowings and are being amortized over the term of the 2028 Notes. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 Our obligations under the 2028 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of our existing and future 100 owned domestic subsidiaries that is a guarantor or other obligor under the Credit Agreement and by certain of our other 100 owned domestic subsidiaries. 
 At any time on or after June 1, 2023, we may, on one or more occasions, redeem some or all of the 2028 Notes at a redemption price of of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes subject to redemption, declining, in annual increments of , to of the principal amount on June 1, 2025, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, at any time prior to June 1, 2023, we may, on one or more occasions, redeem some or all of the 2028 Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes redeemed, plus a make-whole premium and any accrued and unpaid interest. The make-whole premium is the greater of (a) of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes subject to redemption or (b) the excess, if any, over the principal amount of the 2028 Notes, of the present value, on the redemption date, of the sum of (i) the June 1, 2023, optional redemption price plus (ii) all required interest payments on the 2028 Notes through June 1, 2023, (other than accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date), generally computed using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity of U.S. Treasury securities with a constant maturity for the period most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to June 1, 2023 (unless the period is less than one year, in which case the weekly average yield on traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year will be used), plus basis points. 
 In addition, at any time prior to June 1, 2023, we may, on one or more occasions, redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes, using the proceeds of specified types of our equity offerings and 
 F-23 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The indenture relating to the 2028 Notes contains covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict our ability, and the ability of our subsidiaries, to create liens; merge, consolidate, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and enter into sale leaseback transactions. 
 Securitization program 
 We have an accounts receivable securitization facility under which accounts receivable of certain domestic subsidiaries are sold on a non-recourse basis to a special purpose entity SPE ), which is a bankruptcy-remote, consolidated subsidiary of Teleflex. Accordingly, the assets of the SPE are not available to satisfy the obligations of Teleflex or any of its subsidiaries. The SPE sells undivided interests in those receivables to an asset backed commercial paper conduit for consideration of up to the maximum available capacity. This facility is utilized from time to time to provide increased flexibility in funding short term working capital requirements. The agreement governing the accounts receivable securitization facility contains certain covenants and termination events. An occurrence of an event of default or a termination event under this facility may give rise to the right of its counterparty to terminate this facility. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants, and none of the termination events had occurred. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million (the maximum amount available) of outstanding borrowings under our accounts receivable securitization facility. 
 Fair value of long-term debt 
 To determine the fair value of our debt for which quoted prices are not available, we use a discounted cash flow technique that incorporates a market interest yield curve with adjustments for duration, optionality and risk profile. Our implied credit rating is a factor in determining the market interest yield curve. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter 

Note 11 
 million and million, respectively. 
 F-24 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million, respectively. The total notional amount for all open non-designated foreign currency forward contracts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. All open foreign currency forward contracts as of December 31, 2022 have durations of 12 months or less. 
 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 
 During 2019, we entered into cross-currency swap agreements with different financial institution counterparties to hedge against the effect of variability in the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate. Under the terms of the cross-currency swap agreements, we have notionally exchanged million at an annual interest rate of for million at an annual interest rate of . The swap agreements are designed as net investment hedges and expire on March 4, 2024. 
 During 2018, we entered into cross-currency swap agreements with different financial institution counterparties to hedge against the effect of variability in the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate. Under the terms of the cross-currency swap agreements, we have notionally exchanged million at an annual interest rate of for million at an annual interest rate of . The swap agreements are designated as net investment hedges and expire on October 4, 2023. 
 The swap agreements described above require an exchange of the notional amounts upon expiration or earlier termination of the agreements. We and the counterparties have agreed to effect the exchange through a net settlement. 
 The cross-currency swaps are marked to market at each reporting date and any changes in fair value are recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") while the accrued interest is recognized in interest expense in the statement of operations. 
 Interest benefit 
 Balance sheet presentation 
 Non-designated foreign currency forward contracts Cross-currency interest rate swap Prepaid expenses and other current assets Cross-currency interest rate swap Other assets Total asset derivatives Liability derivatives: Designated foreign currency forward contracts Non-designated foreign currency forward contracts Other current liabilities Total liability derivatives 
 See Note 13 for information on the location and amount of gains and losses attributable to derivatives that were reclassified from AOCI to expense (income), net of tax. 
 F-25 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

ineffectiveness related to our hedging derivatives. 

Note 12 
 Derivative assets Derivative liabilities Contingent consideration liabilities 
 Basis of fair value measurement December 31, 2021 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Investments in marketable securities Derivative assets Derivative liabilities Contingent consideration liabilities 
 There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities into or out of Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Valuation Techniques 
 Our financial assets valued based upon Level 1 inputs are comprised of investments in marketable securities held in trust, which are available to satisfy benefit obligations under Company benefit plans and other arrangements. The investment assets of the trust are valued using quoted market prices. 
 Our financial assets and liabilities valued based upon Level 2 inputs are comprised of foreign currency forward contracts and cross-currency interest rate swap agreements. We use foreign currency forward contracts and cross-currency interest rate swap agreements to manage foreign currency transaction exposure as well as exposure to foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. We measure the fair value of the foreign currency forward and cross-currency swap agreements by calculating the amount required to enter into offsetting contracts with similar remaining maturities, based on quoted market prices, and taking into account the creditworthiness of the counterparties. 
 Our financial liabilities valued based upon Level 3 inputs are comprised of contingent consideration arrangements pertaining to our acquisitions. 
 F-26 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million. 
 Risk free rate Cost of debt structure Projected year of payment 2024 - 2026 
 Initial estimate upon acquisition Payments ) ) Revaluations and other adjustments Translation adjustment ) Ending balance December 31 

Note 13 
 million common shares, par value, and preference shares. preference shares have been outstanding during the last three years. 
 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed in the same manner except that the weighted average number of shares is increased to include dilutive securities. 
 Dilutive effect of share based awards Diluted 
 Weighted average shares that were antidilutive and therefore excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share were million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 F-27 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Net current-year other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
 ) Net current-year other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) )) Total before tax ) Taxes expense (benefit) ) Net of tax ) Amortization of pension and other postretirement benefits items: Actuarial losses (1) 
 Prior-service credits (1) 
 ) ) Total before tax Tax benefit ) ) ) Net of tax Impact on income from continuing operations, net of tax 
 (1) These accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income components are included in the computation of net benefit cost of pension and other postretirement benefit plans (see Note 16 for additional information). 

Note 14 
 million shares of common stock, subject to adjustment in accordance with special share counting rules in the Plan. Options granted under the Plan have an exercise price equal to the closing price of the common stock on the date of the grant. In 2022, we granted, under the Plan, non-qualified options to purchase shares of common stock and granted restricted stock units relating to shares of common stock under the Plan. We also granted performance share units PSUs ), as described in the following paragraph. 
 In 2018, we began granting PSUs to specified senior managers. The PSUs are designed to provide further incentive to our senior management with respect to the achievement of our long term financial objectives. The PSU component of the equity incentive program is designed to provide shares of our common stock to the holder based upon our achievement of certain financial performance criteria during a designated performance period of . The number of shares to be awarded under the PSUs granted are subject to modification based upon our 
 F-28 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

shares of common stock would be issuable in respect of the PSUs granted and a maximum of shares would be issuable in respect of such PSUs upon achievement of maximum performance levels. 
 Total income tax benefit recognized for share-based compensation arrangements Net excess tax benefit 
 
 The unrecognized compensation expense for all awards granted in 2022 as of the grant date was million, which will be recognized over the vesting period of the awards. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for future grants under the Plan. 
 Option Awards 
 Expected life of option years years years Expected dividend yield Expected volatility 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding, end of the year Exercisable, end of the year 
 The weighted average grant date fair value for options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 We recorded million of expense related to options during 2022, which is included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized share-based compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, net of expected forfeitures, was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Authorized but unissued shares of our common stock are issued upon exercises of options. 
 Stock Awards 
 The fair value of PSUs granted were determined using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. The grant date fair value for the 2022 awards was . 
 The fair value for restricted stock units granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was estimated at the date of grant based on the market price for the underlying stock on the grant date discounted for the risk free interest rate and the present value of expected dividends over the vesting period. 
 F-29 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Expected dividend yield 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, end of the year 
 We issued , and of non-vested restricted stock units in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the majority of which provide for vesting as to all underlying shares on the third anniversary of the grant date. The weighted average grant-date fair value for non-vested restricted stock units granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 million of expense related to stock awards during 2022, which is included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized share-based compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock units, net of estimated forfeitures, was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. We use treasury stock to provide shares of common stock in connection with vesting of the stock awards. 

Note 15 
 State Non-U.S. Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) 
 At December 31, 2022, the cumulative unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside the U.S. that are considered non-permanently reinvested and for which taxes have been provided approximated billion. At December 31, 2022, the cumulative unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside the U.S. that are considered permanently reinvested approximated billion. Earnings considered permanently reinvested are expected to be reinvested indefinitely and, as a result, no additional deferred tax liability has been recognized with regard to these earnings. It is not practical to determine the deferred income tax liability on these earnings if, in the future, they are remitted to the U.S. because the income tax liability to be incurred, if any, is dependent on circumstances existing when remittance occurs. 
 F-30 

Non-U.S. 
 Tax effect of international items ) ) ) Foreign merger - deferred taxes Excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation ) ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit ) Uncertain tax contingencies ) ) ) Contingent consideration ) Intellectual property impairment charge ) Research and development tax credit ) ) ) Other, net 
 The effective income tax rate for 2022 was compared to for 2021. The effective income tax rate for 2022 reflects tax expense resulting from a deferred charge relating to the 2022 Restructuring Plan and from a U.S. law effective in 2022 requiring capitalization of certain research and development expenditures. The effective income tax rate for 2021 reflects tax expense associated with the Respiratory business divestiture. Additionally, the effective tax rates for both 2022 and 2021 reflect a net excess tax benefit related to share-based compensation and a tax benefit from research and development tax credits. 
 We are routinely subject to examinations by various taxing authorities. In conjunction with these examinations and as a regular practice, we establish and adjust reserves with respect to its uncertain tax positions to address developments related to those positions. We realized a net benefit of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively, as a result of reducing our reserves with respect to uncertain tax positions, principally due to the expiration of a number of applicable statutes of limitations. 
 F-31 

Lease Liabilities Pension Reserves and accruals Other Less: valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment Intangibles stock acquisitions Unremitted non-U.S. earnings Lease Assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 Under the tax laws of various jurisdictions in which we operate, deductions or credits that cannot be fully utilized for tax purposes during the current year may be carried forward, subject to statutory limitations, to reduce taxable income or taxes payable in a future tax year. At December 31, 2022, the tax effect of such carryforwards approximated million. Of this amount, million has no expiration date, million expires after 2022 but before the end of 2027 and million expires after 2027. A portion of these carryforwards consists of tax losses and credits obtained by us as a result of acquisitions; the utilization of these carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation imposed by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, which limits a company s ability to deduct prior net operating losses following a more than 50 percent change in ownership. It is not expected that the Section 382 limitation will prevent us ultimately from utilizing the applicable loss carryforwards. The determination of state net operating loss carryforwards is dependent upon the U.S. subsidiaries taxable income or loss, the state s proportion of each subsidiary's taxable net income and the application of state laws, which can change from year to year and impact the amount of such carryforward. 
 The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, relates principally to the uncertainty of our ability to utilize certain deferred tax assets, primarily tax loss and credit carryforwards in various jurisdictions. The valuation allowance was calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, which require that a valuation allowance be established and maintained when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 Increase in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior years 
 Decrease in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior years 
 ) Reductions in unrecognized tax benefits due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations 
 ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in unrecognized tax benefits due to foreign currency translation 
 ) ) Balance at December 31 
 
 The total liabilities associated with the unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate for continuing operations, were million at December 31, 2022. 
 F-32 

million and ) million, respectively; for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million and ) million, respectively; and for the year ended December 31, 2020 was million and ) million, respectively. The liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets for interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 were million and million, respectively, and at December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 We are routinely subject to income tax examinations by various taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2022, the most significant tax examinations in process were in Ireland, Germany and France. The date at which these examinations may be concluded and the ultimate outcome of the examinations are uncertain. As a result of the uncertain outcome of these ongoing examinations, future examinations or the expiration of statutes of limitation, it is reasonably possible that the related unrecognized tax benefits for tax positions taken could materially change from those recorded as liabilities at December 31, 2022. Due to the potential for resolution of certain examinations, and the expiration of various statutes of limitations, it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits may change within the next year by a range of to million. 

Note 16 
 F-33 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Net amortization and deferral ) ) ) Net benefit (income) expense ) ) ) ) ) 
 Net benefit (income) expense is primarily included in selling, general and administrative expenses within the consolidated statements of income. 
 Rate of return Initial healthcare trend rate Ultimate healthcare trend rate 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Currency translation ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Medicare Part D reimbursement Administrative costs ) ) Projected benefit obligation, end of year Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Contributions Benefits paid ) ) Administrative costs ) ) Currency translation ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year Funded status, end of year ) ) ) 
 
 The actuarial gain for pension for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to an increase in the discount rate used to measure the obligation. The actuarial gain for pension for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to an increase in the discount rate used to measure the obligation, partially offset by decreases from changes in census data and mortality assumptions. 
 F-34 

million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and million and million respectively, at December 31, 2021. The fair value of plan assets for plans with PBO and ABO in excess of plan assets were million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Payroll and benefit-related liabilities ) ) ) ) Pension and postretirement benefit liabilities ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (gain) ) ) ) ) 
 ) Reclassification adjustments related to components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost recognized during the period: 
 Net amortization and deferral ) ) ) Amounts arising during the period: Actuarial changes in benefit obligation ) ) Impact of currency translation ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Reclassification adjustments related to components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost recognized during the period: 
 Net amortization and deferral ) ) Amounts arising during the period: Actuarial changes in benefit obligation ) Impact of currency translation ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 F-35 

) ) Reclassification adjustments related to components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost recognized during the period: 
 Net amortization and deferral ) Amounts arising during the period: Actuarial changes in benefit obligation ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Reclassification adjustments related to components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost recognized during the period: 
 Net amortization and deferral ) Amounts arising during the period: Actuarial changes in benefit obligation ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 Rate of compensation increase Initial healthcare trend rate Ultimate healthcare trend rate 
 The discount rate represents the interest rate used to determine the present value of future cash flows currently expected to be required to settle the pension and other benefit obligations. The weighted average discount rates for U.S. pension plans and other benefit plans of and , respectively, were established by comparing the projection of expected benefit payments to the AA Above Median yield curve as of December 31, 2022. The expected benefit payments are discounted by each corresponding discount rate on the yield curve. For payments beyond 30 years, we extend the curve assuming that the discount rate derived in year 30 is extended to the end of the plan s payment expectations. Once the present value of the string of benefit payments is established, we determine the single rate on the yield curve that, when applied to all obligations of the plan, will exactly match the previously determined present value. 
 As part of the evaluation of pension and other postretirement assumptions, we applied assumptions for mortality and healthcare cost trends that incorporate generational white and blue collar mortality trends. In determining its benefit obligations, we used generational tables that take into consideration increases in plan participant longevity. 
 Our assumption for the expected return on plan assets is primarily based on the determination of an expected return for its current portfolio. This determination is made using assumptions for return and volatility of the portfolio. Asset class assumptions are set using a combination of empirical and forward-looking analysis. To the extent historical results have been affected by unsustainable trends or events, the effects of those trends are quantified and removed. We apply a variety of models for filtering historical data and isolating the fundamental characteristics of asset classes. These models provide empirical return estimates for each asset class, which are then reviewed and combined with a qualitative assessment of long term relationships between asset classes before a return estimate is finalized. The qualitative analysis is intended to provide an additional means for addressing the effect of unrealistic or unsustainable short-term valuations or trends, resulting in return levels and behavior we believe are more likely to prevail over long periods. Effective in 2022, we changed the expected return on plan assets of the U.S. pension plans from to due to modifications to the investment strategy in order to reflect expected return assumptions based on recent capital market movements. 
 F-36 

million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. All of the pension plans had accumulated benefit obligations in excess of their respective plan assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, with the exception of one foreign plan that had plan assets of million and million in excess of the accumulated benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Our investment objective is to achieve an enhanced long-term rate of return on plan assets, subject to a prudent level of portfolio risk, for the purpose of enhancing the availability of benefits for participants. These investments are primarily comprised of equity and fixed income mutual funds. Our other investments are largely comprised of a hedge fund of funds and a structured credit fund. The equity funds are diversified in terms of domestic and international equity securities, as well as small, middle and large capitalization stocks. Our target allocation percentage is as follows: equity securities and fixed-income securities ). Equity funds are held for their expected return over inflation. Fixed-income funds are held for diversification relative to equities and as a partial hedge of interest rate risk with respect to plan liabilities. The other investments are held to further diversify assets within the plans and are designed to provide a mix of equity and bond like return with a bond like risk profile. The plans may also hold cash to meet liquidity requirements. Actual performance may not be consistent with the respective investment strategies. Investment risks and returns are measured and monitored on an ongoing basis through annual liability measurements and investment portfolio reviews to determine whether the asset allocation targets continue to represent an appropriate balance of expected risk and reward. 
 Money market funds Equity securities: Managed volatility (b) U.S. small/mid-cap equity (c) World equity (excluding U.S.) (d) Fixed income securities: Intermediate duration fund (e) Long duration bond fund (f) Corporate bond fund (g) Emerging markets debt fund (h) Corporate, government and foreign bonds Absolute return credit fund (i) Asset backed home loans Other types of investments: Structured credit (j) Contract with insurance company (k) Total investments at fair value Total 

F-37 

Money market funds Equity securities: Managed volatility (b) U.S. small/mid-cap equity (c) World equity (excluding U.S.) (d) Fixed income securities: Intermediate duration fund (e) Long duration bond fund (f) Corporate bond fund (g) Emerging markets debt fund (h) Corporate, government and foreign bonds Absolute return credit fund (i) Asset backed home loans Other types of investments: Contract with insurance company (k) Other Total investments at fair value Investments measured at Net asset value (l) Total 
 (a) Information on asset categories described in notes (b)-(l) is derived from prospectuses and other material provided by the respective funds comprising the respective asset categories. 
 (b) This category comprises mutual funds that invest in securities of U.S. and non-U.S. companies of all capitalization ranges that exhibit relatively low volatility. 
 (c) This category comprises a mutual fund that invests at least of its net assets in equity securities of small and mid-sized companies. The fund invests in common stocks or exchange traded funds holding common stock of U.S. companies with market capitalizations in the range of companies in the Russell 2500 Index. 
 (d) This category comprises a mutual fund that invests at least of its net assets in equity securities of foreign companies. These securities may include common stocks, preferred stocks, warrants, exchange traded funds based on an international equity index, derivative instruments whose value is based on an international equity index and derivative instruments whose value is based on an underlying equity security or a basket of equity securities. The fund invests in securities of foreign issuers located in developed and emerging market countries. However, the fund will not invest more than of its assets in the common stocks or other equity securities of issuers located in emerging market countries. 
 (e) This category comprises a mutual fund that invests in instruments or derivatives having economic characteristics similar to fixed income securities. The fund invests in investment grade fixed income instruments, including U.S. and foreign corporate obligations, fixed income securities issued by sovereigns or agencies in both developed and emerging foreign markets, debt obligations issued by governments or other municipalities, and securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government and its agencies. The fund will seek to maintain an effective average duration between three and , and uses derivative instruments, including interest rate swap agreements and credit default swaps, for the purpose of managing the overall duration and yield curve exposure of the Fund s portfolio of fixed income securities. 
 (f) This category comprises a mutual fund that invests in instruments or derivatives having economic characteristics similar to fixed income securities. The fund invests in investment grade fixed income instruments, including securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government and its agencies and instrumentalities, corporate bonds, asset-backed securities, exchange traded funds, mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage-backed securities. The fund invests primarily in long duration government and corporate fixed income securities, and uses derivative instruments, including interest rate swap agreements and Treasury futures contracts, for the purpose of managing the overall duration and yield curve exposure of the Fund s portfolio of fixed income securities. 
 (g) This category comprises funds that invest primarily in higher-yielding fixed income securities, including corporate bonds and debentures, convertible and preferred securities and zero coupon obligations. 
 F-38 

of its net assets in fixed income securities of emerging market issuers, primarily in U.S. dollar-denominated debt of foreign governments, government-related and corporate issuers in emerging market countries and entities organized to restructure the debt of those issuers. 
 (i) This category comprises a mutual fund that invests primarily in investment grade bonds and similar fixed income and floating rate securities. 
 (j) This category comprises a fund that invests primarily in collateralized debt obligations and other structured credit vehicles and may include fixed income securities, loan participations, credit-linked notes, medium-term notes, pooled investment vehicles and derivative instruments. 
 (k) This category comprises the asset established out of an agreement to purchase a bulk-annuity policy from an insurer to fully cover the liabilities for members of the pension plan. The asset value is based on the fair value of the contract as determined by the insurance company using inputs that are not observable. 
 (l) This category comprises pooled institutional investments, primarily collective investment trusts. These funds are not listed on an exchange or traded in an active market and these investments are valued using their net asset value, which is generally based on the underlying asset values of the pooled investments held in the trusts. This category comprises the following funds: 
 a fund that invests primarily in collateralized debt obligations and other structured credit vehicles and may include fixed income securities, loan participations, credit-linked notes, medium-term notes, pooled investment vehicles and derivative instruments. 
 a hedge fund that invests in various other hedge funds. 
 funds that invest in underlying funds that acquire, manage, and dispose of real estate properties, with a focus on properties in the U.S. and the UK markets. 
 Our contributions to U.S. and foreign pension plans during 2023 are expected to be approximately million. Contributions to postretirement healthcare plans during 2023 are expected to be approximately million. 
 million: 
 Pension Other Benefits 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028 2032 
 We maintain a number of defined contribution savings plans covering eligible U.S. and non-U.S. employees. We partially match employee contributions. Costs related to these plans were million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Note 17 
 million and million, respectively, in accrued liabilities and million and million, respectively in other liabilities relating to these matters. Considerable uncertainty exists with respect to these liabilities, and if adverse changes in circumstances occur, potential liability may exceed the amount accrued as of December 31, 2022. The time frame over which the accrued amounts may be paid out, based on past history, is estimated to be - years. 
 F-39 

million and million, respectively, in connection with such contingencies, representing our best estimate of the cost within the range of estimated possible losses that will be incurred to resolve these matters. 
 In August 2022, the U.S. Department of Justice through the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of Georgia (collectively, the DOJ closed the Civil Investigative Demand (a CID of one of our subsidiaries, NeoTract, Inc., under the civil False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3729. The CID, which began in 2020, related to the DOJ s investigation of a single NeoTract customer and certain rebate programs offered to that customer in addition to communications and activities occurring both prior to our acquisition of NeoTract in October 2017 and thereafter. As part of the investigation the DOJ also opened an investigation into NeoTract s operations broadly. 
 Based on information currently available, advice of counsel, established reserves and other resources, we do not believe that the outcome of any outstanding litigation and claims is likely to be, individually or in the aggregate, material to our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, in the event of unexpected further developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, or other similar matters, if unfavorable, may be materially adverse to our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Legal costs such as outside counsel fees and expenses are charged to selling, general and administrative expenses in the period incurred. 
 Other: We have been subject to an investigation by Chinese authorities related to a technical error regarding our country of origin designation for certain products we imported into China. Had the error not been made, we would have been obligated to make increased tariff payments in late 2018 through the first quarter of 2021. In addition to the tariffs and related interest, the Chinese authorities may impose a penalty for the unpaid tariffs. 
 To date, we have remitted payment for the requested amounts of the increased tariffs, and we believe this to be the final action required to close the case. However, we have not received confirmation from the Chinese authorities that the case is closed and as a result, it remains possible that they may request payment for penalties and interest in the future. We believe the range of penalties could be between and of the increased tariff amount or between million and million. 
 In 2015, the Italian parliament enacted legislation that, among other things, imposed a payback measure on medical device companies that supply goods and services to the Italian National Healthcare System. Under the measure, companies are required to make payments to the Italian government if medical device expenditures in a given year exceed regional expenditure ceilings established for that year. The payment amounts are calculated based on the amount by which the regional ceilings for the given year were exceeded. Considerable uncertainty exists related to the enforceability of and implementation process for the payback law. In response to decrees issued by the Italian Ministry of Health, the various Italian regions issued invoices to medical device companies, including Teleflex, under the payback measure in the fourth quarter of 2022 seeking payment with respect to excess expenditures for the years 2015 through 2018. Following the issuance of the invoices, we and numerous other medical device companies filed appeals with the Italian administrative courts challenging the enforceability of the payback measure, which appeals remain pending. As of December 31, 2022, our reserve for this matter is million, million of which was recorded as a reduction of revenue for 2022. If the payback was to ultimately be enforced in its existing form, we estimate that we would be required to remit payments in excess of our current reserve of up to million. 

Note 18 
 reportable segments: Americas, EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa), Asia (Asia Pacific) and OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer and Development Services). 
 Our reportable segments, other than the OEM segment, design, manufacture and distribute medical devices primarily used in critical care and surgical applications and generally serve two end-markets: hospitals and 
 F-40 

EMEA Asia OEM Net revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Americas EMEA Asia OEM Total segment operating profit (1) 
 Unallocated expenses (2) 
 ) ) ) Income from continuing operations before interest, loss on extinguishment of debt and taxes 
 
 (1 Segment operating profit includes segment net revenues from external customers reduced by its standard cost of goods sold, adjusted for fixed manufacturing cost absorption variances, selling, general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses and an allocation of corporate expenses. Commencing on January 1, 2022, all corporate expenses are allocated amongst the segments in proportion to the respective amounts of net revenues. The change in the measure of segment operating profit does not impact period over period comparability because the change was immaterial. For the year ended December 31, 2021, corporate expenses were allocated among the segments in proportion to the respective amounts of one of several items (such as sales, numbers of employees, and amount of time spent), depending on the category of expense involved. 
 (2) Unallocated expenses primarily include manufacturing variances other than fixed manufacturing cost absorption variances, restructuring and impairment charges and gain on sale of business. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Americas EMEA Asia OEM Consolidated depreciation and amortization 
 F-41 

Europe Asia Pacific All other As of December 31, Net property, plant and equipment: 2022 2021 U.S. Malaysia Mexico All other 
 
 F-42 

TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) December 31, 2020 ) 
 DEFERRED TAX ASSET VALUATION ALLOWANCE 
 Balance at 
 Beginning of Year 
 Additions 
 Charged to 
 Expense 
 Reductions 
 Credited to 
 Expense 
 Translation 
 and Other 
 Balance at 
 End of Year 
 December 31, 2022 ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) December 31, 2020 ) 
 
 F-43 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 exhibit32-thirdamendedandr.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 

Exhibit 3.2 
 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 
 
 Adopted February 21, 2023 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 
 1.1. Registered Office . The registered office of the Company within the State of Delaware shall be as set forth in the certificate of incorporation from time to time. 
 
 1.2. Other Offices . The Company may also have offices and places of business at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Company may require. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 2.1. Meetings . 
 
 2.1.1. Place . Meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such places within or without the State of Delaware, or solely by means of remote communication in accordance with the General Law of the State of Delaware, as may from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors and set forth in the notice thereof. The Board of Directors shall determine, in its sole discretion, the appropriate meeting format. 
 
 2.1.2. Annual Meeting . An annual meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors and for other business shall be held on such date and at such time as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. 
 
 2.1.3. Special Meetings . 
 
 (a) General . Special meetings of the stockholders may be called at any time by the Board of Directors or, solely to the extent required by Section 2.1.3(b), the Secretary of the Company. Each special meeting shall be held at such date, time and place either within or without the State of Delaware, or, in the case of virtual-only meetings, at no physical place but instead solely by means of remote communication, in each case, as may be decided upon from time to time by the Board of Directors and indicated in the notice of the meeting. 
 
 (b) Stockholder Requested Special Meeting . A special meeting of the stockholders shall be called by the Secretary upon the written request (each, a Special Meeting Request, and collectively, the Special Meeting Requests of the holders owning of record continuously for a period of at least one year prior to the date set forth on the Special Meeting Request (as defined below) not less than twenty (20) percent of the voting power of all outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Requisite Percent provided that a special meeting of stockholders requested by stockholders (a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting shall be called by the Secretary only if (i) the requesting stockholders and the Special Meeting Request comply with this Section 2.1.3(b) and applicable law and (ii) the requesting stockholders continue to own the Requisite Percent at all times between the date of the Special Meeting Request and the date of the applicable special meeting. 

(i) In order for a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting to be called by the Secretary, a Special Meeting Request stating the purpose of the special meeting and the matters proposed to be acted upon thereat must be signed and dated by the Requisite Percent of record holders of common stock of the Company (or their duly authorized agents) and must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Company and must set forth 
 
 (1) the applicable information required by Section 2.2.1(c) of this Article II and 
 
 (2) an agreement by the requesting stockholder(s) to notify the Company immediately in the case of any disposition prior to the record date for the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting of shares of common stock of the Company owned of record and an acknowledgement that any such disposition shall be deemed a revocation of such Special Meeting Request to the extent of such disposition, such that the number of shares disposed of shall not be included in determining whether the Requisite Percent has been reached. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 2.1.3 and references to Stockholder Requested Special Meetings in these bylaws, a person shall be deemed to own only the outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company described in Section 2.2.2(d)(ii) of this Article II (provided that ownership of loaned shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the person has the power to recall such loaned shares on five business days notice, has recalled such loaned shares as of the date of the Special Meeting Request and holds such shares (and voting power) through the date of the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting). 
 
 The Company will provide the requesting stockholder(s) with notice of the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting. Each requesting stockholder is required to update the notice delivered pursuant to this Section 2.1.3 so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall continue to be true and correct (i) as of such record date and (ii) as of the date that is ten business days prior to the date of the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting (or any adjournment or postponement thereof), and such update must be received by the Secretary of the Company at the principal executive office of the Company no later than five business days after the record date (in the case of an update required to be made as of the record date) and no later than five business days prior to the date of the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting (in the case of an update required to be made as of ten business days prior to the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). 
 
 In determining whether a special meeting of stockholders has been requested by the record holders of shares representing in the aggregate at least the Requisite Percent, multiple Special Meeting Requests received by the Secretary will be considered together only if each such Special Meeting Request (x) identifies substantially the same purpose or purposes of the special meeting and substantially the same matters proposed to be acted on at the special meeting (in each case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) and (y) has been dated and received by the Secretary within sixty days of the earliest dated Special Meeting Request. If the record holder is not the signatory to the Special Meeting Request, such Special Meeting Request will not be valid unless documentary evidence is supplied to the Secretary at the time of receipt of such Special Meeting Request (or within ten business days thereafter) of such signatory s authority to execute the Special Meeting Request on behalf of the record holder. Any requesting 
 2 

stockholder may revoke his, her or its Special Meeting Request at any time by written revocation received by the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Company provided, however, that if following such revocation (or any deemed revocation pursuant to clause (b)(i)(2) of Section 2.1.3 of this Article II), the unrevoked valid Special Meeting Requests represent in the aggregate less than the Requisite Percent, there shall be no requirement to hold a special meeting and the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may cancel the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting. The first date on which unrevoked valid Special Meeting Requests constituting not less than the Requisite Percent shall have been received by the Company is referred to herein as the Request Receipt Date . 
 
 (ii) A Special Meeting Request shall not be valid if 
 
 (1) the Special Meeting Request does not comply with this Section 2.1.3 or Section 2.2.1(c) of this Article II 
 
 (2) the Special Meeting Request relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law, rule or regulation 
 
 (3) the Special Meeting Request was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act or other applicable law 
 
 (4) the Request Receipt Date is during the period commencing ninety days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting and ending on the date of the next annual meeting 
 
 (5) the purpose specified in the Special Meeting Request is not the nomination, election or removal of directors and an identical or substantially similar item (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, a Similar Item was presented at any meeting of stockholders held within the twelve months prior to the Request Receipt Date 
 
 (6) the purpose specified in the Special Meeting Request is the election or removal of directors and a Similar Item was presented at any meeting of stockholders held within one hundred and twenty days prior to the Request Receipt Date (and, for purposes of this clause (6), the election or removal of directors shall be deemed a Similar Item with respect to all items of business involving the election or removal of directors, changing the size of the Board of Directors and the filling of vacancies and or newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors) or 
 
 (7) a Similar Item is included in the Company s notice as an item of business to be brought before a stockholder meeting that has been called but not yet held or that is called for a date within ninety days of the Request Receipt Date. 
 
 (iii) A Stockholder Requested Special Meeting shall be held at such date and time as may be fixed by the Board of Directors provided, however, that the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting shall be called for a date not more than ninety days after the Request Receipt Date (or, in the case of any litigation related to the validity of the Special Meeting Request, ninety days after the final, non-appealable resolution of such litigation). 
 
 3 

(iv) Business transacted at any Stockholder Requested Special Meeting shall be limited to (i) the purpose(s) stated in the valid Special Meeting Request(s) received from the Requisite Percent of record holders and (ii) any additional matters that the Board of Directors determines to include in the Company s notice of the meeting. If none of the stockholders who submitted the Special Meeting Request nor any qualified representative of such stockholders appears in person or, in the case of a virtual-only meeting solely by means of remote communication, by means of remote communication, to present the matters to be presented for consideration that were specified in the Special Meeting Request, the Company need not present such matters for a vote at such meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such matter may have been received by the Company. 
 
 (v) For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle any stockholder to the reimbursement of expenses for soliciting proxies or any other expenses incurred by such stockholder in connection with any stockholder meeting, which expenses shall be borne by such stockholder and not by the Company. 
 
 (vi) Compliance by a requesting stockholder with the requirements of this Section 2.1.3(b) shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. 

2.1.4. Quorum . The presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of the Company entitled to vote on a particular matter shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of considering such matter. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented, at which time any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. If after any such adjournment the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting or if the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of such adjourned meeting shall be given as provided in Section 2.1.6 of these amended and restated bylaws. 
 
 2.1.5. Voting Rights . Except as otherwise provided herein, in the restated certificate of incorporation or by law, every stockholder shall have the right at every meeting of stockholders to one vote for every share standing in the name of such stockholder on the books of the Company that is entitled to vote at such meeting. Every stockholder may vote either in person or by proxy. 
 
 2.1.6. Notice of Meetings Waiver . 
 
 (a) Written notice of the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting of the stockholders, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which such meeting is called, shall be delivered not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to the meeting, either personally, by mail or by electronic transmission as permitted by law, by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (including any such notice given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors following receipt by the Secretary of a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting in accordance with Section 2.1.3(b) of this Article II), to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. If 
 4 

mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his, her or its address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Company. 
 
 (b) No notice of any meeting of stockholders need be given to any stockholder who submits a signed waiver of notice, whether before or after the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in a written waiver of notice. The attendance of any stockholder at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 
 
 (c) Unless the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for an adjourned meeting (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication), notice of such adjourned meeting need not be given if the time and place, if any, to which the meeting shall be adjourned, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting, were (1) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (2) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communications or (3) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with this Section 2.1.6 of Article II. 
 
 2.2. Meetings Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations . 
 
 2.2.1. Annual Meetings of Stockholders . 
 
 (a) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Company and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders at an annual meeting of stockholders may be made (i) pursuant to the Company s notice of meetings (or any supplement thereto) delivered pursuant to Section 2.1.6 of these bylaws, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, (iii) with respect to nominations of persons and the proposal of any business not intended to be included in the Company s proxy statement for such annual meeting, by any stockholder of the Company who is entitled to vote at the meeting, who complies with the notice and other procedures set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of this Section 2.2.1 and who was a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company or (iv) with respect to nominations of persons intended to be included in the Company s proxy statement for such annual meeting, by a Nominator (as defined below) who complies with the notice and other procedures set forth in Section 2.2.2 of these bylaws. 
 
 (b) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a) of this Section 2.2.1, (a) the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing and in proper form to the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company, and (b) any such proposed business must constitute a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware law. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to the secretary or assistant secretary of the Company at the principal executive offices of the Company not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders provided, however, that if the date of the annual meeting is convened more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the 120 th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90 th day before such annual meeting or (ii) the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Company and 
 5 

provided further, that, for purposes of the application of Rule 14a-4(c) of the Exchange Act (or any successor provision), the date for notice specified in this Section 2.2.1(b) shall be the earlier of the date calculated as hereinbefore provided or the date specified in paragraph (c)(1) of Rule 14a-4. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding sentence to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Company at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by these bylaws shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be received by the secretary or assistant secretary of the Company at the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the 10 th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Company provided that, if no such announcement is made at least 10 days before the meeting, then no such notice shall be required. 
 
 (c) Such stockholder s notice shall set forth (A) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (1) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required by the rules and regulations of the Exchange Act, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (2) such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected, (3) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, and their respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K if the stockholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, if any, or any affiliate or associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith, were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant (a Third-Party Monetary Arrangement and (4) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, or any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how the proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the Company, will act or vote on any issue or question to be decided by the Board of Directors or that otherwise relates to the Company or such person s service on the Board of Directors (a Voting Commitment (B) as to any business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting (1) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the bylaws of the Company, the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, and (2) a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and (C) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (1) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Company s stock transfer books, and of such beneficial owner, if any, (2) the class, series and number of shares of capital stock of the Company which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, if any, (3) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination, (4) a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a 
 6 

group which intends to (i) deliver a proxy statement and or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Company s outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee or nominees proposed to be nominated by such stockholder, and or (ii) otherwise to solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination, (5) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Company or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Company, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of capital stock of the Company or otherwise (a Derivative Instrument directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Company, (6) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which either of the stockholder or beneficial owner has a right to vote any shares of any security of the Company, (7) any short interest in any security of the Company (for purposes of this Section 2.2.1(c), a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (8) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Company owned beneficially by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, if any that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Company, (9) any proportionate interest in shares of the Company or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which the stockholder or beneficial owner is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner, (10) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such stockholder and beneficial owner is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Company or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including without limitation any such interests held by members of each such stockholder s or beneficial owner s immediate family sharing the same household, and (11) any other information relating to such stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 A stockholder providing notice of a proposed nomination for election to the Board of Directors or other business proposed to be brought before a meeting pursuant to this Section 2.2.1 or Section 2.2.2, as applicable, shall update and supplement such notice from time to time to the extent necessary so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting and as of the date that is 15 days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof such update and supplement shall be delivered in writing to the secretary or assistant secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company not later than 5 days after the record date for the meeting (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than 10 days prior to the date for the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of 15 days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). The Company may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Company or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee. 
 
 2.2.2. Proxy Access for Director Nominations 
 
 (a) Whenever the Board of Directors solicits proxies with respect to the election of directors at an annual meeting, in addition to any persons nominated for election to the Board 
 7 

of Directors by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of this Section 2.2.2, the Company shall 
 
 (i) include in its notice of meeting and proxy materials, as applicable, for any annual meeting of stockholders (1) the name of any person nominated for election (the Stockholder Nominee by a stockholder as of the date that the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination (as defined below) is received by the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company at the principal executive offices of the Company in accordance with this Section 2.2.2 who is entitled to vote for the election of directors at the annual meeting and who satisfies the notice, ownership and other requirements of this Section 2.2.2 (such stockholder, together with the beneficial owner of such shares, a Nominator or by a group of no more than 20 such stockholders (such stockholders, together with the beneficial owners of such shares, a Nominator Group that, collectively as a Nominator Group, satisfies the notice, ownership and other requirements of this Section 2.2.2 applicable to a Nominator Group provided that, in the case of a Nominator Group, each member thereof (each, a Group Member shall have satisfied the notice, ownership and other requirements of this Section 2.2.2 applicable to Group Members, and (2) if the Nominator or the Nominator Group, as applicable, so elects, the Nomination Statement (as defined below) furnished by such Nominator or Nominator Group and 
 
 (ii) include such Stockholder Nominee s name on any ballot distributed at such annual meeting and on the Company s proxy card (or any other format through which the Company permits proxies to be submitted) distributed in connection with such annual meeting. Nothing in this Section 2.2.2 shall limit the Company s ability to solicit against, and include in its proxy materials its own statements relating to, any Stockholder Nominee, Nominator or Nominator Group, or to include such Stockholder Nominee as a nominee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 (b) At each annual meeting, a Nominator or Nominator Group may nominate one or more Stockholder Nominees for election at such meeting pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 provided that the maximum number of Stockholder Nominees nominated by all Nominators and Nominator Groups to appear in the Company s proxy materials (including Stockholder Nominees that were submitted by a Nominator or Nominator Group for inclusion in the Company s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 but either are subsequently withdrawn, disregarded, declared invalid or ineligible pursuant to this Section 2.2.2) shall not exceed the greater of two directors or 20 of the total number of directors in office as of the Final Proxy Access Deadline (as defined below), or if such number is not a whole number, the closest whole number below 20 (the Maximum Number ). 
 
 The Maximum Number shall be reduced, but not below zero, by the sum of 
 
 (x) the number of persons that the Board of Directors decides to nominate pursuant to an agreement, arrangement or other understanding with one or more stockholders or beneficial owners, as the case may be, in lieu of such person being formally nominated as a director pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 or Section 2.2.1(a)(iii) 
 
 (y) the number of persons that the Board decides to nominate for re-election who were previously elected to the Board based on a nomination made pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 or pursuant to an agreement, arrangement or other understanding with one or more stockholders or beneficial owners, as the case may be, in lieu of such person being formally nominated as a director pursuant to this Section 2.2.2, in each case, at one of the previous two annual meetings and 
 
 8 

(z) the number of persons that the Board decides to nominate for re-election who were previously elected to the Board based on a nomination made pursuant to Section 2.2.1(a)(iii) or pursuant to an agreement, arrangement or other understanding with one or more stockholders or beneficial owners, as the case may be, in lieu of such person being formally nominated as a director pursuant to Section 2.2.1(a)(iii), in each case, at the previous year s annual meeting 
 
 If one or more vacancies for any reason occurs on the Board of Directors at any time after the Final Proxy Access Deadline but before the date of the applicable annual meeting and the Board of Directors determines to reduce the size of the Board of Directors in connection therewith, the Maximum Number shall be calculated based on the number of directors in office as so reduced. 
 
 Any Nominator or Nominator Group submitting more than one Stockholder Nominee for inclusion in the Company s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 shall rank in its Notice of Proxy Access Nomination such Stockholder Nominees based on the order that the Nominator or Nominator Group desires such Stockholder Nominees to be selected for inclusion in the Company s proxy materials in the event that the total number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Nominators or Nominator Groups pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 exceeds the Maximum Number. In the event that the number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Nominators or Nominator Groups pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 exceeds the Maximum Number, the highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Section 2.2.2 from each Nominator and Nominator Group will be selected for inclusion in the Company s proxy materials until the Maximum Number is reached, beginning with the Nominator or Nominator Group with the largest number of shares disclosed as owned (as defined below) in its respective Notice of Proxy Access Nomination submitted to the Company and proceeding through each Nominator or Nominator Group in descending order of ownership. If the Maximum Number is not reached after the highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Section 2.2.2 from each Nominator and Nominator Group has been selected, this process will continue as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the Maximum Number is reached. 
 
 If, after the Final Proxy Access Deadline, whether before or after the mailing of the Company s definitive proxy statement, (i) a Stockholder Nominee who satisfies the requirements of this Section 2.2.2 becomes ineligible for inclusion in the Company s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.2.2, becomes unwilling to serve on the Board of Directors, dies, becomes disabled or is otherwise disqualified from being nominated for election or serving as a director of the Company or (ii) a Nominator or Nominator Group withdraws its nomination or becomes ineligible, then the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting shall declare each nomination by such Nominator or Nominator Group to be invalid, and each such nomination shall be disregarded, no replacement nominee or nominees shall be included in the Company s proxy materials or otherwise submitted for election as a director in substitution thereof and the Company (1) may omit from its proxy materials information concerning such Stockholder Nominee and (2) may otherwise communicate to its stockholders, including without limitation by amending or supplementing its proxy materials, that the Stockholder Nominee will not be eligible for election at the annual meeting and will not be included as a Stockholder Nominee in the proxy materials. 
 
 (c) To nominate a Stockholder Nominee, the Nominator or Nominator Group shall submit to the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company the information required by this Section 2.2.2 on a timely basis. To be timely, the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination must be addressed to and received by the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the Company s definitive proxy statement was released to stockholders in connection with the prior 
 9 

year s annual meeting provided, however, that if the annual meeting is convened more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, the information must be so received not earlier than 120 days prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (x) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or (y) the 10th day following the day on which a public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made (the last day on which a Notice of Proxy Access Nomination may be delivered pursuant to and in accordance with this Section 2.2.2, the Final Proxy Access Deadline provided further that in no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting, or the public announcement thereof, commence a new time period or extend any time period for the receipt of the information required by this Section 2.2.2. The written notice required by this Section 2.2.2 (the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination shall include 
 
 (i) a written notice of the nomination by such Nominator or Nominator Group expressly requesting to have its Stockholder Nominee included in the Company s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 that includes, with respect to the Stockholder Nominee and the Nominator (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) or, in the case of a Nominator Group, with respect to each Group Member (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) all of the representations, agreements and other information required in a stockholder notice submitted under Section 2.2.1(a)(iii) of these bylaws 
 
 (ii) if the Nominator or Nominator Group so elects, a written statement of the Nominator or Nominator Group for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement in support of the election of the Stockholder Nominee(s) to the Board of Directors, which statement shall be limited to and not exceed 500 words with respect to each Stockholder Nominee (the Nomination Statement and shall not include any images, charts, pictures, graphic presentations or similar items 
 
 (iii) in the case of a nomination by a Nominator Group, the designation by all Group Members of one specified Group Member (or a qualified representative thereof) that is authorized to act on behalf of all Group Members with respect to the nomination and matters related thereto, including withdrawal of the nomination 
 
 (iv) a representation by the Stockholder Nominee and the Nominator or Nominator Group (including each Group Member) and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made that each such person has provided and will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Company and its stockholders and beneficial owners, including without limitation the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination and the Nomination Statement, that are and will be true and correct in all material respects and do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading 
 
 (v) a statement of the Nominator or Nominator Group (including each Group Member) and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, setting forth and certifying the number of shares such Nominator or Nominator Group is deemed to own (as determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (d) of this Section 2.2.2) continuously for at least three years as of the date of the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination and one or more written statements from the stockholder of the Required Shares (as defined below), and from each intermediary through which such shares are or have been held during the requisite three-year holding period, verifying that, as of a date within seven days prior to the date that the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is received by the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company, the Nominator or the 
 10 

Nominator Group, as the case may be, owns, and has owned continuously for the preceding three years, the Required Shares, and the Nominator s or, in the case of a Nominator Group, each Group Member s agreement to provide (1) within seven days after the record date for the applicable annual meeting, written statements from the stockholder and intermediaries verifying the Nominator s or the Nominator Group s, as the case may be, continuous ownership of the Required Shares through the record date provided that if and to the extent that a stockholder is acting on behalf of one or more beneficial owners, such written statements shall also be submitted by any such beneficial owner or owners, and (2) immediate notice if the Nominator or the Nominator Group, as the case may be, ceases to own the Required Shares prior to the date of the applicable annual meeting 
 
 (vi) a copy of any Schedule 14N that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Rule 14a-18 under the Exchange Act 
 
 (vii) a representation by the Nominator (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), or, in the case of a Nominator Group, each Group Member (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) that 
 
 (1) to the best of the Nominator or Nominator Group s knowledge, the Required Shares were acquired in the ordinary course of business and not with intent to change or influence control of the Company, and each such person does not presently have such intent 
 
 (2) each such person will maintain ownership (as defined in this Section 2.2.2) of the Required Shares through the date of the applicable annual meeting along with a further statement as to whether or not such person has the intention to hold the Required Shares for at least one year thereafter (which statement the Nominator or Nominator Group shall include in its Nomination Statement, it being understood that the inclusion of such statement shall not count towards the Nomination Statement s 500-word limit) 
 
 (3) each such person has not nominated, and will not nominate, for election to the Board of Directors at the applicable annual meeting any person other than its Stockholder Nominee(s) pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 
 
 (4) each such person has not distributed, and will not distribute, to any stockholders or beneficial owners any form of proxy for the applicable annual meeting other than the form distributed by the Company 
 
 (5) each such person has not engaged in, and will not directly or indirectly engage in, and has not been and will not be a participant (as defined in Schedule 14A of the Exchange Act) in, a solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a director at the applicable annual meeting other than with respect to such Nominator or Nominator Group s Stockholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board of Directors and 
 
 (6) each such person consents to the public disclosure of the information provided pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 
 
 (viii) an executed agreement, in a form deemed satisfactory by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, pursuant to which the Nominator (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) or, in the case of a Nominator 
 11 

Group, each Group Member (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) agrees to 
 
 (1) comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations arising out of or relating to the nomination of each Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 
 
 (2) assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the communications and information provided by such person(s) to the Company and its stockholders and beneficial owners, including without limitation the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination and Nomination Statement 
 
 (3) indemnify and hold harmless the Company and each of its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates individually against any liability, loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative, against the Company or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates arising out of or relating to any nomination submitted by such person(s) pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 
 
 (4) file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any solicitation by or on behalf of the Nominator or Nominator Group (including each Group Member) and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made relating to the meeting at which the Stockholder Nominee will be nominated, regardless of whether any such filing is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or whether any exemption from filing is available for such solicitation under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act 
 
 (5) furnish to the Company all notifications and updated information required by this Section 2.2.2, including, without limitation, the information required by sub-paragraph (e) of this Section 2.2.2 and 
 
 (6) upon request, provide to the Company within five business days after such request, but in any event prior to the day of the annual meeting, such additional information as reasonably requested by the Company and 
 
 (ix) a letter of resignation signed by each Stockholder Nominee, which letter shall specify that such Stockholder Nominee s resignation is irrevocable and that it shall become effective upon a determination by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof that (1) any of the information provided to the Company by the Nominator, the Nominator Group, any Group Member (including, in each case, any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) or the Stockholder Nominee in respect of the nomination of such Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 is or was untrue in any material respect (or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading) or (2) the Stockholder Nominee, the Nominator, the Nominator Group or any Group Member (including, in each case, any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) or any affiliate thereof shall have breached any of its representations, obligations or agreements under this Section 2.2.2. 
 
 (d) Ownership Requirements. 
 
 (i) To nominate a Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 2.2.2, the Nominator or Nominator Group shall have owned shares representing 3 or more of the voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Required Shares continuously for at least three years as of both the date the Notice of Proxy 
 12 

Access Nomination is submitted to the Company and the record date for determining stockholders eligible to vote at the applicable annual meeting and must continue to own the Required Shares at all times between and including the date the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is submitted to the Company and the date of the applicable annual meeting provided that if and to the extent a stockholder is acting on behalf of one or more beneficial owners (i) only the shares owned by such beneficial owner or owners, and not any other shares owned by any such stockholder, shall be counted for purposes of satisfying the foregoing ownership requirement and (ii) the aggregate number of stockholders and all such beneficial owners whose share ownership is counted for the purposes of satisfying the foregoing ownership requirement shall not exceed 20. For the purposes of determining whether the Nominator or Nominator Group owned the Required Shares for the requisite three-year period, the aggregate number of shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors shall be determined by reference to the Company s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission during the ownership period. Two or more funds that are (i) under common management and investment control, (ii) under common management and funded primarily by the same employer or (iii) considered a group of investment companies, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, shall be treated as one stockholder or beneficial owner, as the case may be, for the purpose of satisfying the foregoing ownership requirements provided that each fund otherwise meets the requirements set forth in this Section 2.2.2 and provided further that any such funds for which shares are aggregated for the purpose of satisfying the foregoing ownership requirements provide documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Company that demonstrates that the funds satisfy the criteria for being treated as one stockholder within seven days after the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is delivered to the Company. No shares may be attributed to more than one Nominator or Nominator Group, and no stockholder or beneficial owner may be a member of more than one Nominator Group (other than a stockholder directed to act by more than one beneficial owner) for the purposes of this Section 2.2.2. 
 
 (ii) For purposes of Section 2.1.3 of this Article II and this Section 2.2.2, ownership shall be deemed to consist of and include only the outstanding shares as to which a person possesses both (i) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to such shares and (ii) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such shares provided that the ownership of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares (1) that a person or any of its affiliates has sold in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, including any short sale, (2) that a person or any of its affiliates has borrowed for any purpose or purchased pursuant to an agreement to resell or (3) that are subject to any Derivative Instrument or similar agreement entered into by a person or any of its affiliates, whether any such security, instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of shares, in any case in which such security, instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, or if exercised by either party would have, the purpose or effect of (x) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, the person s or such person s affiliates full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and or (y) hedging, offsetting or altering to any degree any gain or loss arising from the full economic ownership of such person s or such person s affiliates shares. Ownership shall include shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the person claiming ownership of such shares retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of directors and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. A person s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the person has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney or other instrument or arrangement that is revocable at any time by the person. A person s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the person has loaned such shares provided that the person has the power to recall 
 13 

such loaned shares on five business days notice, will vote such shares at the annual meeting and will hold such shares through the date of the annual meeting. For the purposes of Section 2.1.3 of this Article II and this Section 2.2.2, the terms owned, owning and other variations of the word own shall have correlative meanings. For the purposes of this Section 2.2.2, the term affiliate or affiliates shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the rules and regulations of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (e) For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any nomination submitted by a Nominator Group pursuant to this Section 2.2.2, the information required by sub-paragraph (c) of this Section 2.2.2 to be included in the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination shall be provided by each Group Member (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), and each such Group Member (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) shall execute and deliver to the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company the representations and agreements required under sub-paragraph (c) of this Section 2.2.2 at the time the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is submitted to the Company. In the event that the Nominator, Nominator Group or any Group Member shall have breached any of their agreements with the Company or any information included in the Nomination Statement or the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination, or any other communications by the Nominator, Nominator Group or any Group Member (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) with the Company or its stockholders and beneficial owners, ceases to be true and correct in all material respects (or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and as of such later date, not misleading), each Nominator, Nominator Group or Group Member (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), as the case may be, shall promptly (and in any event within 48 hours of discovering such breach or that such information has ceased to be true and correct in all material respects (or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and as of such later date, not misleading)) notify the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company of any such breach, inaccuracy or omission in such previously provided information and shall provide the information that is required to correct any such defect, if applicable, it being understood that providing any such notification shall not be deemed to cure any defect or limit the Company s rights to omit a Stockholder Nominee from its proxy materials as provided in this Section 2.2.2. 
 
 (f) Stockholder Nominee Requirements. 
 
 (i) Within the time period specified in this Section 2.2.2 for delivering the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination, each Stockholder Nominee must deliver to the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company all of the representations, agreements and other information required with respect to stockholder nominees in a stockholder notice submitted under Section 2.2.1(a)(iii) of these bylaws together with a written representation and agreement, which shall be deemed a part of the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination for purposes of this Section 2.2.2, providing that such person (1) understands his or her duties as a director under the Delaware General Corporation Law and agrees to act in accordance with those duties while serving as a director (2) is not and will not become a party to (x) any Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Company or (y) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Company, with such person s fiduciary duties under applicable law (3) is not and will not become a party to any Third-Party Monetary Arrangement that has not been disclosed to the Company (4) if elected as a director of the Company, will comply with all applicable laws and stock exchange listing standards and the Company s policies, guidelines and principles applicable to directors, including, without limitation, the Company s Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Ethics, confidentiality, share ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other codes, policies and guidelines or any rules, regulations and listing standards, in 
 14 

each case, as applicable to directors (5) agrees to meet with the Board of Directors or any committee or delegate thereof to discuss matters relating to the nomination of the Stockholder Nominee, including information in the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination and such Stockholder Nominee s eligibility to serve as a member of the Board of Directors and (6) will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Company and its stockholders and beneficial owners that are and will be true and correct in all material respects and do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
 
 (ii) At the request of the Company, each Stockholder Nominee must promptly submit (but in no event later than seven days after receipt of the request) to the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company all completed and signed questionnaires required of directors. The Company may request such additional information as necessary to permit the Board of Directors to determine if each nominee is independent, including for purposes of serving on the committees of the Board of Directors, under the listing standards of each principal securities exchange upon which the Company s shares are listed, any applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of the Company s directors and to determine whether the nominee otherwise meets all other publicly disclosed standards applicable to directors. 
 
 (iii) In the event that a Stockholder Nominee shall have breached any of their agreements with the Company or any information or communications provided by a Stockholder Nominee to the Company or its stockholders and beneficial owners ceases to be true and correct in any material respect or omits a fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, such nominee shall promptly (and in any event within 48 hours of discovering such breach or that such information has ceased to be true and correct in all material respects (or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and as of such later date, not misleading)) notify the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company of any such breach, inaccuracy or omission in such previously provided information and shall provide the information that is required to make such information or communication true and correct, if applicable, it being understood that providing any such notification shall not be deemed to cure any defect or limit the Company s rights to omit a Stockholder Nominee from its proxy materials as provided in this Section 2.2.2. 
 
 (g) In the event any Nominator or Nominator Group (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) submits a nomination at an annual meeting pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 and such Stockholder Nominee shall have been nominated for election at any of the previous two annual meetings and such Stockholder Nominee shall not have received at least 25 of the votes cast in favor of such nominee s election or such nominee withdrew from or became ineligible or unavailable for election to the Board of Directors, then such nomination shall be disregarded. 
 
 (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.2.2, the Company shall not be required to include, pursuant to this Section 2.2.2, a Stockholder Nominee in its proxy materials for any annual meeting, or, if the proxy statement already has been filed, to submit the nomination of a Stockholder Nominee to a vote at the annual meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Company 
 
 (i) for any meeting for which the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Company receives notice that any stockholder or beneficial owner, as the case may be, 
 15 

intends to nominate one or more persons for election to the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 2.2.1(a)(iii) 
 
 (ii) who is not determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion to be independent under the listing standards of each principal securities exchange upon which the shares of the Company are listed, any applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of the Company s directors, including those applicable to a director s service on any of the committees of the Board of Directors, in each case as determined by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, in its sole discretion 
 
 (iii) whose election as a member of the Board of Directors would cause the Company to be in violation of these bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation, the rules and listing standards of the principal securities exchanges upon which the shares of the Company are listed, or any applicable law, rule or regulation or of any publicly disclosed standards of the Company applicable to directors, in each case, as determined by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, in its sole discretion 
 
 (iv) who is or has been, within the past three years, an officer or director of a competitor, as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914, as amended 
 
 (v) who is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or has been convicted in such a criminal proceeding within the past ten years 
 
 (vi) who is subject to any order of the type specified in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
 
 (vii) if the Stockholder Nominee or Nominator (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), or, in the case of a Nominator Group, any Group Member (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) shall have provided information to the Company in connection with such nomination that was untrue in any material respect or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make any statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading, as determined by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, in its sole discretion 
 
 (viii) if the Nominator (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), or, in the case of a Nominator Group, any Group Member (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) has engaged in or is currently engaged in, or has been or is a participant (as defined in Schedule 14A of the Exchange Act) in, a solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a director at the applicable annual meeting other than with respect to such Nominator or Nominator Group s Stockholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board of Directors or 
 
 (ix) the Nominator or, in the case of a Nominator Group, any Group Member, or applicable Stockholder Nominee otherwise breaches or fails to comply with its representations or obligations pursuant to these bylaws, including, without limitation, this Section 2.2.2. 
 
 For the purpose of this sub-paragraph (h), clauses (ii) through (ix) will result in the exclusion from the proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 of the specific Stockholder Nominee(s) to 
 16 

whom the ineligibility applies, or, if the proxy statement has already been filed, the ineligibility of the Stockholder Nominee(s) and, in either case, the inability of the Nominator or Nominator Group that nominated any such Stockholder Nominee to substitute another Stockholder Nominee therefor however, clause (i) will result in the exclusion from the proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.2.2 of all Stockholder Nominees for the applicable annual meeting, or, if the proxy statement already has been filed, the ineligibility of all Stockholder Nominees. 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.2.2 
 
 (i) the Company may omit from its proxy materials any information, including all or any portion of the Nomination Statement, if the Board of Directors determines that the disclosure of such information would violate any applicable law or regulation or that such information is not true and correct in all material respects or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and 
 
 (ii) if any Nominator, Nominator Group or Group Member (including any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) or Stockholder Nominee has failed to comply with the requirements of this Section 2.2.2, the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting may declare the nomination by such Nominator or Nominator Group to be invalid, and such nomination shall be disregarded. 
 
 (j) Other than Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, this Section 2.2.2 shall be the exclusive method for stockholders to include nominees for director in the Company s proxy materials. 
 
 2.2.3. Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Company s notice of meeting. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws, in the case of a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, no stockholder may propose any business to be considered at the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, except pursuant to the Special Meeting Request delivered pursuant to Section 2.1.3(b) of Article II. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (b) provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and delivers a written notice to the secretary or assistant secretary setting forth the information required by Section 2.2.1(b), Section 2.2.1(c)(A) and 2.2.1(c)(C). Nominations by stockholders of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at such special meeting of stockholders only if the stockholder s notice required by the preceding sentence shall be received by the secretary or assistant secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company not earlier than the 120 th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90 th day prior to such special meeting or the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. 
 
 2.2.4. General . 
 
 (a) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in these bylaws shall be eligible to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in these bylaws. Except as otherwise provided by law, the restated certificate of incorporation or herein, the chairman of the meeting and or the Board of Directors shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be 
 17 

brought before the meeting was made in accordance with the procedures set forth in these bylaws and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with these bylaws, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded or that such proposed business shall not be transacted. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.2, if a stockholder (or a qualified representative thereof), Nominator (or a qualified representative thereof) or, in the case of a Nominator Group, the representative designated by the Nominator Group in accordance with Section 2.2.2(c)(iii) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company to present a nomination or business, as applicable, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Company. For purposes of this Section 2.2, to be considered a qualified representative of a stockholder, Nominator or the Group Member specified pursuant to Section 2.2.2(c)(iii), a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder, Nominator or Group Member or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder, Nominator or Group Member or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder, Nominator or Group Member to act for such stockholder, Nominator or Group Member as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders. 
 
 (b) For purposes of these bylaws, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14, or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 (c) For purposes of these bylaws, no adjournment or postponement or notice of adjournment or postponement of any meeting shall be deemed to constitute a new notice of such meeting for purposes of Section 2.1.3(b) and this Section 2.2, and in order for any notification required to be delivered by a stockholder pursuant to Section 2.1.3(b) and this Section 2.2 to be timely, such notification must be delivered within the periods set forth above with respect to the originally scheduled meeting. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these bylaws, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein provided, however, that any references in these bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business made by a stockholder pursuant to these bylaws and compliance with these bylaws shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or submit other business. 
 
 2.2.5. No Stockholder Action by Written Consent or Telephone Conference . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Company must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Company, and the ability of the stockholders to consent in writing or by telephone to the taking of any action is specifically denied. 
 2.2.6. Proxy Card Color . Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 DIRECTORS 
 
 18 

3.1. Number Qualification Term of Office . The number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors shall not be less than 6 nor more than 15, the exact number of directors to be fixed from time to time only by the determination of a majority of the entire Board. The notice of annual meeting of stockholders each year shall include a statement as to the number of directors who will constitute the entire Board of Directors as so determined. 
 
 The directors shall be divided into three classes Class I, Class II and Class III. Such classes shall be as nearly equal in number as possible. The term of office of the initial Class I directors shall expire at the annual meeting of stockholders in 1979 the term of office of the initial Class II directors shall expire at the annual meeting of stockholders in 1980 and the term of office of the initial Class III directors shall expire at the annual meeting of stockholders in 1981 or in each case thereafter when their respective successors are elected and have qualified or upon their earlier death, resignation or removal. At each annual election held after classification and the initial election of directors according to classes, the directors chosen to succeed those whose terms then expire shall be identified as being of the same class as the directors they succeed and shall be elected for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders or in each case thereafter when their respective successors are elected and have qualified or upon their earlier death, resignation or removal. If the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease in directors shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain all classes as nearly equal in number as possible and any individual director elected to any class shall hold office for a term which shall coincide with the term of such class. 
 
 At each annual meeting of stockholders commencing with the annual meeting scheduled to be held in 2023, subject to the special rights of holders of any series of Preference Stock to elect additional directors, the successors to the directors of the Corporation whose terms then expire shall be elected annually and shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors shall be duly elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any director in office at the annual meeting of stockholders held in 2023 whose term expires at the annual meeting scheduled to be held in 2024 or 2025 shall continue to hold office until the end of the term for which such director was elected and until his or her successor shall be elected and qualified, or his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office, at which point the immediately preceding paragraph shall expire, be repealed automatically and shall no longer be of any effect. 
 
 3.2. Election . Except as hereinafter provided for the filling of vacancies and newly created directorships, at each meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors, the directors shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to that director s election at any meeting for the election at which a quorum is present provided, however , that if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected as of the date that is 10 days prior to the date that the Company first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders, or any time thereafter, then the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast at any such meeting. For purposes of this Section 3.2 a majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast for a director must exceed the number of votes cast against that director (with abstentions and broker non-votes not counted as a vote cast either for or against that director s election). The Company s corporate governance principles have established procedures with respect to the resignation of any director who does not receive a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election. 
 
 If the Board of Directors accepts a director s resignation pursuant to the Company s corporate governance principles, or if a nominee for director is not elected and the nominee is not an incumbent director, then the Board of Directors may fill the resulting vacancy pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of these bylaws. 
 
 19 

3.3. Meetings . 
 
 3.3.1. Place . Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such place as may be designated by the Board or in the notice of the meeting. 
 
 3.3.2. Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such times as the Board may designate. Notice of regular meetings need not be given. 
 
 3.3.3. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by direction of the Chairman of the Board or President or any two members of the Board on five days notice to each director, either personally, by mail or by electronic transmission. 
 
 3.3.4. Quorum . A majority of all the directors in office shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting. 
 
 3.3.5. Voting . Except as otherwise provided herein, in the restated certificate of incorporation or by law, the vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall constitute the act of the Board of Directors. 
 
 3.3.6. Committees . The Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more directors and such alternate members (also directors) as may be designated by the Board. Unless otherwise provided herein, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another director to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Except as otherwise provided herein, in the restated certificate of incorporation or by law, any such committee shall have and may exercise the powers of the full Board of Directors to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board directing the committee, except that no such committee shall be empowered to act on behalf of the Board of Directors to (i) fix the number of directors to constitute the full Board pursuant to Section 3.1 of these bylaws, (ii) approve, adopt or recommend to stockholders any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the Delaware General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (iii) amend these bylaws. 
 
 3.4. Removal of Directors . Any director may be removed at any time by the stockholders in accordance with the restated certificate of incorporation and applicable law. 
 
 3.5. Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies . Newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors becoming effective otherwise than at a meeting of stockholders and vacancies occurring in the Board for any reason may be filled by vote of a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Newly created directorships shall be assigned by the Board to one of the classes, if any, described in Section 3.1. The person so elected to fill such directorship shall hold office until the expiration of the term of the class, if any, to which such directorship has been assigned and until such person s successor shall be duly elected and qualified or until such person s earlier death, resignation or removal. A director elected to fill a vacancy shall be elected to hold office until the expiration of the term of the class, if any, to which he has been elected and until his successor shall be duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 OFFICERS 
 4.1. Election . At its first meeting after each annual meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors shall elect a chairman of the Board who may, but shall not be required to, be the 
 20 

chief executive officer, one or more presidents, treasurer, secretary and such other officers as it deems advisable. 
 
 4.2. Authority, Duties and Compensation . The officers shall have such authority, perform such duties and serve for such compensation as may be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. The chief executive officer and shall have general supervision over the business and operations of the Company, may perform any act and execute any instrument for the conduct of such business and operations and shall preside at all meetings of the Board and stockholders and the other officers shall have the duties customarily related to their respective offices. 
 
 4.3. Tenure and Removal . The officers of the Company shall be elected or appointed to hold office until their respective successors are elected or appointed. All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors, and any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors for cause or without cause at any regular or special meeting. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 5.1. Nature of Indemnity . The Company shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (a Proceeding ), whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative, or investigative, or any appeal in such a Proceeding or any inquiry or investigation that could lead to such a Proceeding, by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of the Company, or is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor, trustee, employee, agent, or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, sole proprietorship, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, provided that he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The indemnification provided in this Article V could involve indemnification for negligence or under theories of strict liability. In the case of an action or suit by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor (1) the indemnification of a director or officer shall be limited to expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in the defense or settlement of such action or suit, and (2) no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to Section 5.5 of these bylaws, the Company shall not be obligated to indemnify a director or officer of the Company in respect of a Proceeding (or part thereof) instituted by such Director or officer, unless such Proceeding (or part thereof) has been authorized by the Board of Directors. 
 
 The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any 
 21 

criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 
 5.2. Successful Defense . To the extent that a present or former director or officer of the Company has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Section 5.1 of these bylaws or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he or she shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. 
 
 5.3. Determination that Indemnification is Proper . Any indemnification of a present or former director or officer of the Company under Section 5.1 of these bylaws (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Company unless a determination is made that indemnification of the Director or officer is not proper in the circumstances because he or she has not met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 5.1 of these bylaws. Any such determination shall be made (1) by a majority vote of the Directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such Directors, or if such Directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders. 
 
 5.4. Advance Payment of Expenses . The right to indemnification conferred in this Article V shall include the right to be paid or reimbursed by the Company the reasonable expenses incurred by a person of the type entitled to be indemnified under Sections 5.1, 5.2, and 5.3 who was, is, or is threatened to be made a named defendant or respondent in a Proceeding in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding and without any determination as to the person s ultimate entitlement to indemnification provided, however, that the payment of such expenses incurred by any such person in advance of the final disposition of a Proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Company of a written affirmation by such person of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification under this Article V and a written undertaking, by or on behalf of such person, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article V or otherwise. The Board of Directors may authorize the Company s counsel to represent such present or former Director or officer in any action, suit or proceeding, whether or not the Company is a party to such action, suit or proceeding. 
 
 5.5. Procedure for Indemnification of Directors and Officers . Any indemnification of a director or officer of the Company under Sections 5.1, 5.2, and 5.3 of these bylaws, or advance of costs, charges and expenses to a director or officer under Section 5.4 of these bylaws, shall be made promptly, and in any event within thirty days, upon the written request of such person. If a determination by the Company that the director or officer is entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article is required, and the Company fails to respond within sixty days to a written request for indemnity, the Company shall be deemed to have approved such request. If the Company denies a written request for indemnity or advancement of expenses, in whole or in part, or if payment in full pursuant to such request is not made within thirty days, the right to indemnification or advances as granted by this Article shall be enforceable by the Director or officer in any court of competent jurisdiction. Such person s costs and expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing his or her right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such action shall also be indemnified by the Company. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for the advance of costs, charges and expenses under Section 5.4 of these bylaws where the required undertaking, if any, has been received by or tendered to the Company) that the claimant has not met the standard of conduct set forth in Section 5.1 of these bylaws, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Company. Neither the failure of the Company (including its Board of Directors, its independent legal counsel, and its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of 
 22 

such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 5.1 of these bylaws, nor the fact that there has been an actual determination by the Company (including its Board of Directors, its independent legal counsel, and its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to such action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 
 5.6. Survival Preservation of Other Rights . The foregoing indemnification provisions shall be deemed to be a contract between the Company and each director or officer who serves in any such capacity at any time while these provisions are in effect and any repeal or modification thereof shall not affect any right or obligation then existing with respect to any state of facts then or previously existing or any action, suit or proceeding previously or thereafter brought or threatened based in whole or in part upon any such state of facts. Such a contract right may not be modified retroactively without the consent of such director or officer. 
 
 The indemnification and the advancement and payment of expenses provided by this Article V shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any Bylaw, common or statutory law, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested Directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a Director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
 
 5.7. Insurance . The Company shall purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect the Company and any person who is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor, trustee, employee, agent, or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic Company, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, sole proprietorship, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise against any expense, liability, or loss asserted against him or her or incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Article, provided that such insurance is available on acceptable terms, which determination shall be made by a vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. 
 
 5.8. Severability . If this Article V or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify and hold harmless each director or officer or any other person indemnified pursuant to this Article V as to costs, charges and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement with respect to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative to the full extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article V that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 
 
 5.9. Appearance as a Witness . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V, the Company shall pay or reimburse expenses incurred by a director or officer in connection with his appearance as a witness or other participation in a Proceeding at a time when he is not a named defendant or respondent in the Proceeding. 
 
 5.10. Indemnification of Employees and Agents . The Company, by adoption of a resolution of the Board of Directors, may indemnify and advance expenses to an employee or agent of the Company to the same extent and subject to the same conditions under which it may indemnify and advance expenses to directors and officers under this Article V and, the Company may indemnify and advance expenses to persons who are not or were not directors, officers, 
 23 

employees or agents of the Company but who are or were serving at the request of the Company as director, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor, trustee, employee, agent or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, sole proprietorship, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in such a capacity or arising out of his or her status as such a person to the same extent that it may indemnify and advance expenses to directors and officers of the Company under this Article V. 
 
 5.11. Certain Defined Terms . For purposes of this Article V, references to the Company shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, trustees, employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article V with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 
 
 For purposes of this Article V, references to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan and references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves service by, such director, officer, trustee, employee or agent with respect to any employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company for purposes of this Article V. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 TRANSFER OF SHARE CERTIFICATES 
 
 Transfers of share certificates and the shares represented thereby shall be made on the books of the Company only by the registered holder or by duly authorized attorney. Transfers shall be made only on surrender of the share certificate or certificates. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 AMENDMENTS 
 
 Except as may be provided in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (or any restatement thereof), these bylaws may be altered or repealed at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders at which a quorum is present or represented, provided notice of the proposed alteration or repeal be contained in the notice of such annual or special meeting, or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors at any regular meeting of the Board or at any special meeting of the Board if notice of the proposed alteration or repeal be contained in the notice of such special meeting provided, however, that no change of the time or place of the meeting for the election of directors shall be made within 60 days next before the day on which such meeting is to be held, and that in case of any change of such time or place, notice thereof shall be given to each stockholder in person or by letter mailed to his last known post office address at least twenty days before the meeting is held. 
 
 24 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.1 5>
 3
 ex415ninthsupplementalinde.htm
 EX-4.1 5

Document 

Exhibit 4.1.5 
 NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 
 N INTH S UPPLEMENTAL I NDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of November 7, 2022, among Standard Bariatrics, Inc. Standard Bariatrics ), a Delaware corporation and a subsidiary of Teleflex Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), Traverse Vascular, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a subsidiary of the Company (together with Standard Bariatrics, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries ), the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee under the Indenture referred to below (the Trustee ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the Base Indenture ), dated as of May 16, 2016, and a Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 20, 2017 (the Fourth Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture and as further amended or supplemented from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Indenture ), providing for the issuance and guarantee of 4.625 Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes 
 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Note Guarantees and 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows 
 
 1. C APITALIZED T ERMS . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 
 2. A GREEMENT TO G UARANTEE . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Fourth Supplemental Indenture including but not limited to Article 9 thereof. 
 
 3. No R ECOURSE A GAINST O THERS . No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company or any Guarantor, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Indenture, the Note Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. 

4. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 5. C OUNTERPARTS . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture, including by electronic signature. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 
 
 6. E FFECT OF H EADINGS . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 
 7. T HE T RUSTEE . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Company. 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2022 
 
 STANDARD BARIATRICS, INC. 

By s Matthew Howald Name Matthew Howald Title Vice President and Treasurer 

TRAVERSE VASCULAR, INC. 

By s Matthew Howald 
 Name Matthew Howald 
 Title Vice Pre s ident and Trea s urer 

TELEFLEX IN CORPORA TED 

By s Matthew Howald 
 Name Matthew Howald 
 Title Vice President and Treasurer 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N .A. 
 as Trustee 

By s Eric Schlemmer 
 Authorized Signatory 
 Eric Schlemmer 
 Vice President 
 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture (202 7 Notes) 

</EX-4.1 5>

<EX-4.2 3>
 4
 ex423secondsupplementalind.htm
 EX-4.2 3

Document 

Exhibit 4.2.3 
 SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 
 S ECOND S UPPLEMENTAL I NDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of November 7, 2022, among Standard Bariatrics, Inc. Standard Bariatrics ), a Delaware corporation and a subsidiary of Teleflex Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), Traverse Vascular, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a subsidiary of the Company (together with Standard Bariatrics, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries ), the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee under the Indenture referred to below (the Trustee ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (as amended to date, the Indenture ), dated as of May 27, 2020 , providing for the issuance of 4.25 Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes 
 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Note Guarantees and 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows 
 
 1. C APITALIZED T ERMS . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 
 2. A GREEMENT TO G UARANTEE . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the relevant Note Guarantee and in the Indenture including but not limited to Article 10 thereof. 
 
 3. No R ECOURSE A GAINST O THERS . No former, current or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder, member or partner of the Company or any Guarantor, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, this Indenture, the Note Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws. 
 4. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

5. C OUNTERPARTS . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture, including by electronic signature. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 
 
 6. E FFECT OF H EADINGS . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 
 7. T HE T RUSTEE . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Company. 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the partes hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2022 
 
 STANDARD BARIATRICS, INC. 

By s Matthew Howald Name Matthew Howald Title Vice President and Treasurer 

TRAVERSE VASCULAR, INC. 

By s Matthew Howald 
 Name Matthew Howald 
 Title Vice Pre s ident and Trea s urer 

TELEFLEX IN CORPORA TED 

By s Matthew Howald 
 Name Matthew Howald 
 Title Vice President and Treasurer 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N .A. as Trustee 

By s Eric Schlemmer 
 Authorized Signatory 
 Eric Schlemmer 
 Vice President 

Second Supplemental Indenture (2028 Notes) 

</EX-4.2 3>

<EX-10.3 3>
 5
 ex1033secondamendmentto401.htm
 EX-10.3 3

Document 

Exhibit 10.3.3 
 SECOND AMENDMENT 
 TO THE 
 TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 401(K) SAVINGS PLAN 
 
 Background Information 
 
 A. Teleflex Incorporated (the Company maintains the Teleflex Incorporated 401(k) Savings Plan (the Plan for the benefit of its eligible employees and the eligible employees of its affiliated entities that have elected to participate in the Plan and their beneficiaries. 
 B. The Company s Corporate Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer (the Officer has been authorized pursuant to Section 13.02 of the Plan to amend the Plan in accordance with the authority delegated to him. 
 C. In accordance with his delegated authority, the Officer desires to amend the Plan to (i) reflect special rules permitted for the 2020 Plan Year, including under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act (ii) reflect additional changes in law applicable to the Plan under the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement Act of 2019 (the SECURE Act (iii) grant each person who was an active employee of Standard Bariatrics, Inc. SBI immediately prior to January 1, 2023, full credit for purposes of eligibility and vesting under the Plan for the individual s most recent continuous period of service with SBI and (iv) reflect the current list of Participating Employers in the Plan effective January 1, 2023. 
 Second Amendment to the Plan 
 
 The Plan is hereby amended as follows, effective as of the dates set forth below 
 
 1. Section 1.58 of the Plan, Required Beginning Date , is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows, effective as of January 1, 2020 
 Section 1.58 Required Beginning Date . The April 1st of the calendar year following the later of 
 A. The calendar year in which the Participant reaches age 70 (for Participants born before July 1, 1949) or age 72 (for Participants born after June 30, 1949) or 
 B. The calendar year in which the Participant has a Severance from Employment provided, that this Section 1.58.B. shall not apply in the case of a Participant who is a Five-Percent Owner with respect to the Plan Year ending with the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70 (for Participants born before July 1, 1949) or age 72 (for Participants born after June 30, 1949). 
 Other provisions in the Plan that reference the Required Beginning Date or age 70 shall refer to the foregoing definition or to age 70 (for Participants born before July 1, 1949) or age 72 (for Participants born after June 30, 1949), as applicable, effective as of January 1, 2020. 
 2. Subsection B. of Section 2.01 of the Plan, Eligibility and Participation , is hereby amended by adding the following new sentence to the end thereof, effective as January 1, 2021 
 Effective for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2020, the Plan shall comply with Code Section 401(k)(2)(D), as amended by the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement Act of 2019 SECURE Act, and Code Section 401(k)(15) added by the SECURE Act (regarding long-term part-time workers and the applicable Treasury Regulations thereunder, if any, to the extent the Plan does not already satisfy the requirements of such Code Sections. 
 
 3. Subsection C. of Section 2.01 of the Plan, Eligibility and Participation , is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows, effective as of January 1, 2023 
 C. Eligibility Special Rules with Respect to Acquired Entities . Each individual who was previously an active employee of any entity stated below immediately prior to the date stated with respect to such entity shall receive service credit for purposes of eligibility 

under the Plan for such individual s most recent continuous period of service with such applicable entity 
 1. Cartika Medical, Inc. Cartika September 2, 2016 
 2. Vascular Solutions, Inc. VSI April 1, 2017 
 3. NeoTract, Inc. NeoTract January 1, 2018 
 4. Essential Medical, Inc. Essential Medical January 1, 2019 
 5. IWG High Performance Conductors HPC May 1, 2020 
 6. Z-Medica, LLC Z-Medica April 1, 2021 
 7. Standard Bariatrics, Inc. SBI January 1, 2023 
 4. Subsection B. of Section 4.01 of the Plan, Vesting , is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows, effective as of January 1, 2023 
 B. Vesting Special Rules with Respect to Acquired Entities . Each individual who was previously an active employee of any entity stated below immediately prior to the date stated with respect to such entity shall receive service credit for purposes of vesting under the Plan for such individual s most recent continuous period of service with such applicable entity 
 1. Essential Medical January 1, 2019 
 2. HPC May 1, 2020 
 3. Z-Medica April 1, 2021 
 4. SBI January 1, 2023 
 5. Section 5.04 of the Plan, Distributions Upon Death , is hereby amended by the addition of a new subsection D., reading as follows, effective as of January 1, 2020 
 D. Distributions Upon Death After December 31, 2019 . Whether before or after distribution has begun and notwithstanding a provision of the Plan or an Appendix hereto to the contrary, a Participant s entire interest will be distributed to the Designated Beneficiary by December 31 of the calendar year containing the tenth anniversary of the Participant's death unless the Designated Beneficiary qualifies as an Eligible Designated Beneficiary. An Eligible Designated Beneficiary may receive distributions over the life of such Designated Beneficiary. If there is no Designated Beneficiary as of September 30 of the year following the year of the Participant's death, the Participant s entire interest will be distributed by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death. An Eligible Designated Beneficiary is defined as any Designated Beneficiary who is (i) the surviving Spouse of the Participant (ii) a minor child of the Participant (iii) disabled (iv) a chronically ill individual or (v) an individual who is not more than 10 years younger than the Participant. The determination of whether a Designated Beneficiary is an Eligible Designated Beneficiary shall be made as of the date of death of the Participant. If an Eligible Designated Beneficiary dies before the portion of the Participant's interest is entirely distributed, the remainder of such portion shall be distributed within 10 years after the death of such Eligible Designated Beneficiary. 
 
 6. Section 5.10 of the Plan, Minimum Distribution Requirements , is hereby amended by the addition of new subsection G. reading as follows, effective as of January 1, 2020 
 G. Special Rules for 2020 . Notwithstanding other provisions of the Plan to the contrary, distributions in satisfaction of Code Section 401(a)(9) requirements shall not apply to any Participant or Beneficiary receiving such distribution in calendar year 2020. Solely for purposes of applying the direct rollover provisions of the Plan, any distribution received in the calendar year 2020 to comply with Code Section 401(a)(9) will be treated as an Eligible Rollover Distribution. 
 7. A new Section 6.09, Special COVID-19 Pandemic Rules Regarding Loans and Withdrawals , is hereby added to the Plan, effective for the period from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, except as provided below 
 2 

Section 6.09 SPECIAL COVID-19 PANDEMIC RULES REGARDING LOANS AND WITHDRAWALS . The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act includes special rules regarding plan loans and in-service withdrawals during the 2020 Plan Year only. This Section 6.09 is generally effective for the period from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 and is intended to comply with CARES Act Section 2202 and the guidance issued thereunder by the IRS and shall be interpreted and administered consistent with this intent. 
 A. Definition of Qualified Individual . Pursuant to section 2202(a)(4)(A)(ii) of the CARES Act, a Qualified Individual for purposes of this Section is a Participant who certifies to the Plan Administrator that he meets one of the following requirements, provided the Plan Administrator does not have actual knowledge to the contrary 
 1. He is diagnosed with the virus SARS-CoV-2 or with coronavirus disease 2019 (referred to collectively as COVID-19) by a test approved by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (including a test authorized under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act) 
 2. His Spouse or dependent (as defined in section 152 of the Code) is diagnosed with COVID-19 by a test approved by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (including a test authorized under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act) or 
 3. He experiences adverse financial consequences as a result of 
 (a) being quarantined, being furloughed or laid off, or having work hours reduced due to COVID-19 
 (b) being unable to work due to lack of childcare due to COVID-19 
 (c) closing or reducing hours of a business owned or operated by him due to COVID-19 
 (d) having a reduction in pay (or self-employment income) due to COVID-19 or having a job offer rescinded or start date for a job delayed due to COVID-19 
 (d) his Spouse or a member of his household (as defined below) being quarantined, being furloughed or laid off, or having work hours reduced due to COVID-19, being unable to work due to lack of childcare due to COVID-19, having a reduction in pay (or self-employment income) due to COVID-19, or having a job offer rescinded or start date for a job delayed due to COVID-19 or 
 (e) closing or reducing hours of a business owned or operated by his Spouse or a member of his household due to COVID-19. 
 For purposes of applying these factors, a member of the Participant s household is someone who shares the Participant s principal residence. 
 B. Definition of Coronavirus-related Distribution . Section 2202(a)(4)(A) of the CARES Act defines a Coronavirus-related Distribution as any distribution from an eligible retirement plan made on or after January 1, 2020, and before December 31, 2020, to a Qualified Individual. Section 2202(a)(2) of the CARES Act limits the amount of aggregate distributions from all eligible retirement plans that can be treated as Coronavirus-related Distributions to no more than 100,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following amounts are not eligible to be treated as Coronavirus-related Distributions corrective distributions of Elective Deferral Contributions that are returned to the Participant (together with the income allocable thereto) in order to comply with the limitations of Code Section 415 Elective Deferral Contributions in excess of the limitation under Code Section 402(g) that are returned to the Participant (together with the income allocable thereto) Excess Elective Deferral Contributions under Code Section 401(k) Excess Aggregate Contributions under Code Section 401(m) loans that are treated as deemed distributions pursuant to Code Section 72(p) dividends paid on applicable employer securities under Code Section 404(k) and distributions that are permissible withdrawals from an eligible automatic contribution arrangement within the meaning of Code Section 414(w) . 
 3 

C. Coronavirus-related Distributions . Effective as of January 1, 2020 through December 30, 2020, a Participant who is a Qualified Individual may request a withdrawal from the vested portions of his Accounts in an amount not in excess of 100,000 as a Coronavirus-related Distribution. This dollar limit applies in the aggregate to all Coronavirus-related Distributions requested from the Plan and any other tax qualified plans maintained by the Employer, if any. A Coronavirus-related Distribution is not required to meet a need related to COVID-19. However, a distribution that was made for other reasons during the 2020 Plan Year may be recharacterized as a Coronavirus-related Distribution if the Participant is a Qualified Individual and provides the required certification of such status within time limits established by the Plan Administrator. 
 If a Coronavirus-related Distribution is eligible for tax-free rollover treatment under applicable provisions of the Code, a Qualified Individual is permitted, at any time in the 3-year period beginning the day after the date of a Coronavirus-related Distribution, to recontribute any portion of the distribution, but not an amount in excess of the amount of the distribution, to an eligible retirement plan, including the Plan, as a Rollover Contribution. Any Coronavirus-related Distribution paid to a Qualified Individual as a Beneficiary of a Participant (other than the surviving Spouse of the Participant) cannot be recontributed. 
 D. Special Rules for Plan Loans . The CARES Act also provides certain Plan loan relief for a Qualified Individual, defined as set forth above. These temporary changes to the Plan loan requirements include 
 1. A temporary increase in the Plan loan limit (up to the lesser of the present value of the Participant s vested account balance under the Plan or 100,000) for loans made during the 180-day period following enactment of the CARES Act (on or after March 27, 2020 and before September 23, 2020). 
 2. Delaying for an additional year any Plan loan repayment that comes due during the period beginning on enactment of the CARES Act (March 27, 2020) and ending on December 31, 2020. Any subsequent repayments will be adjusted to reflect the delay in due date and any interest accrued during the delay. Accordingly, any Plan loan payments coming due before the end of the calendar year may now be suspended for a one-year period for Qualified Individuals. In addition, any subsequent repayments of the loan shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect the delay and any interest accruing during the delay, and the period of delay shall be disregarded in determining the 5-year period and the term of the loan under Code Sections 72(p)(2)(B) and (C). 
 E. Administration . The Plan Administrator shall administer the foregoing provisions in accordance with IRS Notice 2020-50 and any additional guidance issued under the CARES Act. This Section only applies to the extent the Plan has provided some or all of the relief listed above in compliance with applicable law. 
 8. Appendix D, Participating Employers is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows, effective as of January 1, 2023 
 TELEFLEX 401(K) SAVINGS PLAN 
 
 APPENDIX D PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS (AS OF JANUARY 1, 2023) 
 Teleflex Medical Incorporated 
 Teleflex LLC 
 Arrow International, Inc. 
 Arrow Interventional, Inc. 
 NeoTract, Inc. 
 
 4 

9. All other provisions of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 TELEFLEX INCORPORATED 

s Cam Hicks 
 Cam Hicks 
 Corporate Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 

Date November 7, 2022 
 
 5 

</EX-10.3 3>

<EX-21>
 6
 exhibit21-subsidiarylist20.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries of Teleflex Incorporated as of December 31, 2022 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation 1 
 1902 Federal Road, LLC Delaware 2 
 Arrow Internacional de Chihuahua, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 3 
 Arrow Internacional de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 4 
 Arrow International CR, a.s. Czech Republic 5 
 Arrow International LLC 1 
 Pennsylvania 6 
 Arrow Interventional, Inc. Delaware 7 
 Distribuidora Arrow, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 8 
 Essential Medical LLC Delaware 9 
 Hudson Respiratory Care Tecate, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico 10 
 ICOR AB 2 
 Sweden 11 
 Inmed Manufacturing Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia 12 
 Medical Innovation B.V. Netherlands 13 
 Medical Service GmbH Germany 14 
 NeoTract, Inc. Delaware 15 
 Pyng Medical Corp. Canada 16 
 Rusch Asia Pacific Sdn. Bhd. 3 
 Malaysia 17 
 R sch Austria GmbH Austria 18 
 Rusch Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 19 
 Rusch Uruguay Ltda. Uruguay 20 
 Simal SA Belgium 21 
 Standard Bariatrics, Inc. Delaware 22 
 T.K. India Private Ltd. India 23 
 Teleflex Commercial Designated Activity Company Ireland 24 
 Teleflex Development Unlimited Company Ireland 25 
 Teleflex Funding LLC Delaware 26 
 Teleflex General Partner LLC Delaware 27 
 Teleflex Global Holdings LLC 4 
 Delaware 28 
 Teleflex Global Investments LTD Jersey 29 
 Teleflex Global Services LLC Delaware 30 
 Teleflex Holding Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 31 
 Teleflex Korea Ltd. South Korea 32 
 Teleflex Life Sciences General Partner LLC Delaware 33 
 Teleflex Life Sciences Limited Malta 34 
 Teleflex Life Sciences LLC Delaware 35 
 Teleflex Life Sciences Pte. Ltd. 5 
 Singapore 36 
 Teleflex Life Sciences Unlimited Company 6 
 Ireland 37 
 Teleflex LLC Delaware 38 
 Teleflex Lux Holding S. r.l. Luxembourg 39 
 Teleflex Manufacturing Unlimited Company Ireland 40 
 Teleflex Medical (Proprietary) Limited 7 
 South Africa 

41 
 Teleflex Medical (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand 42 
 Teleflex Medical Arabia for Maintenance Saudi Arabia 43 
 Teleflex Medical Asia Pte. Ltd. 8 
 Singapore 44 
 Teleflex Medical Australia Pty Ltd 9 
 Australia 45 
 Teleflex Medical B.V. 10 
 Belgium 46 
 Teleflex Medical B.V. Netherlands 47 
 Teleflex Medical Brasil Servi os e Com rcio de Produtos M dicos Ltda. Brazil 48 
 Teleflex Medical Canada Inc. 11 
 Canada 49 
 Teleflex Medical Chile SpA Chile 50 
 Teleflex Medical Colombia S.A.S. Colombia 51 
 Teleflex Medical de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico 52 
 Teleflex Medical Devices S. r.l. Luxembourg 53 
 Teleflex Medical Europe Limited Ireland 54 
 Teleflex Medical GmbH Germany 55 
 Teleflex Medical GmbH 12 
 Switzerland 56 
 Teleflex Medical Hellas s.a. 13 
 Greece 57 
 Teleflex Medical Incorporated 14 
 California 58 
 Teleflex Medical Japan, Ltd. 15 
 Japan 59 
 Teleflex Medical New Zealand 16 
 New Zealand 60 
 Teleflex Medical OEM LLC Delaware 61 
 Teleflex Medical Philippines Inc. Philippines 62 
 Teleflex Medical Private Limited India 63 
 Teleflex Medical S.r.l. Italy 64 
 Teleflex Medical SAS 17 
 France 65 
 Teleflex Medical Sdn. Bhd. 18 
 Malaysia 66 
 Teleflex Medical Taiwan Ltd. Taiwan 67 
 Teleflex Medical Technology Ltd Cyprus 68 
 Teleflex Medical Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China 69 
 Teleflex Medical Tuttlingen GmbH 19 
 Germany 70 
 Teleflex Medical, S.A. 20 
 Spain 71 
 Teleflex Medical, s.r.o. Czech Republic 72 
 Teleflex Medical, s.r.o. 21 
 Slovakia 73 
 Teleflex Polska sp. z o.o. Poland 74 
 Teleflex Production Unlimited Company Ireland 75 
 Teleflex Properties Ireland Limited Ireland 76 
 Teleflex Properties Ireland II Limited Ireland 77 
 Teleflex Research S. r.l. Luxembourg 78 
 Teleflex Supply Chain Management (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China 79 
 Teleflex Urology Limited 22 
 Ireland 80 
 TFX Aviation Inc. 23 
 California 81 
 TFX Engineering Ltd. Bermuda 82 
 TFX Equities Incorporated Delaware 83 
 TFX Group Limited United Kingdom 84 
 TFX Holding GmbH Germany 85 
 TFX International SAS 24 
 France 

86 
 TFX North America Inc. Delaware 87 
 The Laryngeal Mask Company (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia 88 
 The Laryngeal Mask Company Limited Seychelles 89 
 Tradehosp Comercio de Produtos PARA Suade Ltda Brazil 90 
 Traverse Vascular, Inc. Delaware 91 
 Truphatek Holdings (1993) Limited Israel 92 
 Truphatek International Limited Israel 93 
 Truphatek Product Resources India Private Limited India 94 
 Vascular Solutions LLC 25 
 Minnesota 95 
 VCT Investments, Inc. Delaware 96 
 Willy R sch GmbH Germany 97 
 WIRUTEC R sch Medical Vertriebs GmbH Germany 98 
 Z-Medica, LLC Delaware 99 
 Z-Medica Acquisition, Inc. Delaware 100 
 Zeus Buyer, L.P. Delaware 

_______________________________________ 
 
 1 Formerly Arrow International, Inc. 
 2 Formerly Steamer Holding AB 
 3 Formerly Inmed (Malaysia) Holdings Sdn. Berhad 
 4 Formerly IH Holding LLC 
 5 Formerly Teleflex Holding Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 6 Formerly Teleflex Life Sciences 
 7 Formerly Arrow Africa (Pty) Limited 
 8 Formerly Pilling Weck (Asia) PTE Ltd. and Rusch-Pilling (Asia) PTE LTD. 
 9 Formerly LMA PacMed Pty Ltd 
 10 Formerly Teleflex Medical BVBA and W. Pabisch NV 
 11 Formerly GFI Control Systems Inc. and Teleflex Holding Company Ltd. 
 12 Formerly Arrow Swiss GmbH 
 13 Formerly Arrow Hellas A.E.E. 
 14 Formerly Hudson Respiratory Care Inc. 
 15 Formerly Arrow Japan, Ltd. 
 16 Formerly LMA NZ Limited 
 17 Formerly Rusch Pilling S.A. 
 18 Formerly Rusch Sdn. Berhad 
 19 Formerly KMedic Europe GmbH 
 20 Formerly Rusch Medica Espana SA 
 21 Formerly Arrow Slovensko Pie t any s.r.o. 
 22 Formerly Davik Limited 
 23 Formerly Telair International Incorporated and The Talley Corporation 
 24 Formerly Rusch International SA 
 25 Formerly Vascular Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 7
 exhibit22-subsidiaryguaran.htm
 EX-22

Document 

Exhibit 22 
 Subsidiary Guarantors of Guaranteed Securities 
 The following subsidiaries of Teleflex Incorporated are guarantors of its 500 million principal amount of 4.625 Senior Notes due 2027 and its 500 million principal amount of 4.25 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Arrow International LLC 
 Arrow Interventional, Inc. 
 NeoTract, Inc. 
 Standard Bariatrics, Inc. 
 Teleflex LLC 
 Teleflex Medical Incorporated 
 Teleflex Medical OEM LLC 
 Traverse Vascular, Inc. 
 TFX Equities Incorporated 
 TFX North America Inc. 
 Vascular Solutions LLC 
 Z-Medica, LLC 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 8
 tfx-ex23_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-23

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 033-53385, 333-77601, 333-101005, 333-120245, 333-127103, 333-157518, and 333-199665) of Teleflex Incorporated of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 tfx-ex311_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Liam J. Kelly, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Teleflex Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Liam J. Kelly Liam J. Kelly Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 tfx-ex312_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Thomas E. Powell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Teleflex Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Thomas E. Powell Thomas E. Powell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 tfx-ex321_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Teleflex Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Liam J. Kelly, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Liam J. Kelly Liam J. Kelly Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 tfx-ex322_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Teleflex Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas E. Powell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Thomas E. Powell Thomas E. Powell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 tfx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 tfx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 tfx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 tfx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 tfx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

