<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1600347_0001493152-23-009469.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5202387</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>172552</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1031472</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1510304</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1070893</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1286455</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009469.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329161542
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009469
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hapi Metaverse Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001600347
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				454742558
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-194748
		FILM NUMBER:		23775383

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 MONTGOMERY LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-971-3940

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 MONTGOMERY LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GigWorld Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HotApp Blockchain Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HotApp Blockchain, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009469.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________________to ____________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

- 

 Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 if the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statement of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computer by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter . The Company s common stock did t trade during the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of March
29, 2023, there were shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock 0.0001 par value. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

- 

Throughout
this Report on Form 10-K, the terms Company, we, us and our refer to Hapi Metaverse
Inc., and our board of directors refers to the board of directors of Hapi Metaverse Inc. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Although our forward-looking statements
reflect the good faith judgment of our management, these statements can be based only on facts and factors of which we are currently
aware. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ
materially from results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as may, will, should, 
 anticipate, believe, expect, plan, future, intend, 
 could, estimate, predict, hope, potential, continue, 
or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements under the captions
 Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation and Description of Business, 
as well as other sections in this report. Such forward-looking statements are based on our management s current plans and expectations
and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in plans that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements. You should be aware that, as a result of any of these factors materializing, the trading price of
our common stock may decline. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the availability and adequacy of capital to support and grow our business; 

economic, competitive, business and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 

actions taken or not taken by others, including competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities; 

competition in our industry; 

changes in our business and growth strategy, capital improvements or development plans; 

the availability of additional capital to support development; and 

other factors discussed elsewhere in this annual report. 

The
cautionary statements made in this annual report are intended to be applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they
may appear in this report. 

We
urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake
no obligation to publicly update any forward looking-statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

2 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 9 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 18 

Item 2. Properties 
 18 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 18 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 
 18 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 19 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 19 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 20 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 22 

Item 8. Financial Statements. 
 23 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 38 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 38 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 39 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 39 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 40 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 43 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 44 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 45 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 47 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 48 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 50 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Business
Description 

Hapi
Metaverse Inc., formerly known as GigWorld Inc. (the Company or Group ), was incorporated in the State of
Delaware on March 7, 2012. The Company s initial business plan was to be a financial acquisition intermediary which would serve
buyers and sellers for companies that are in highly fragmented industries. Our Board determined it was in the best interest of the Company
to expand our business plan. On October 15, 2014, through a sale and purchase agreement, the Company acquired all the issued and outstanding
stock of HotApp BlockChain Pte. Ltd., formerly known as HotApps International Pte Ltd HIP from Alset International Limited AIL ), formerly known as Singapore eDevelopment Limited. AIL is our former largest stockholder. HIP owned certain intellectual
property relating to instant messaging for portable devices (referred to herein as the HotApp Application ). On August 30,
2022, Alset International Limited entered into a stock purchase with its controlling stockholder, Alset Inc. (formerly known as Alset
EHome International Inc.) in relation to the disposal of 505,341,376 shares of the Company s common stock, representing approximately
99.69 of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company, to Alset Inc. After this transaction, Alset Inc. became our largest
stockholder. 

The
HotApp Application is a cross-platform mobile application that incorporates instant messaging and ecommerce. This application can be
used on any mobile platform (i.e. IOS Online or Android). The HotApp Application offered messaging and calling services for HotApp Application
users (text, photo, audio); however, the messaging and calling services we offered were terminated in 2017. 

In
December of 2017, the Company s name was changed from HotApp International, Inc. to HotApp Blockchain Inc. 
to reflect the Board of Directors determination that it was in the best interest of the Company to expand its activities to include
the development and commercialization of blockchain-related technologies. 

In
2018, one of our main developments was a broadening of our scope of planned operations into a digital transformation technology business.
As a digital transformation technology business, we are committed to enabling enterprises we work with to engage in a digital transformation
by providing consulting, implementation and development services with various technologies, including instant messaging, blockchain,
e-commerce, social media and payment solutions. We continue to advise businesses in network marketing and brands in block chain services
and mobile collaboration. 

We
are focused on serving business-to-business (B2B) needs in e-commerce, collaboration and supply chains. We will help enterprises and
community users to transform their business model with digital economy in a more effective manner. With our platform, users can discover
and build their own communities and create valuable content. Enterprises can in turn enhance the user experience with premium content,
all of which are facilitated by the transactions of every stakeholder via e-commerce. 

Our
technology platform consists of instant messaging systems, social media, e-commerce and payment systems, network marketing platforms
and e-real estate. We are focused on business-to-business solutions such as enterprise messaging and workflow. We have successfully implemented
several strategic platform developments for clients, including a mobile front-end solution for network marketing, a hotel e-commerce
platform for Asia and a real estate agent management platform in China. We have also enhanced our technological capability from mobile
application development to include blockchain architectural design, allowing mobile-friendly front-end solutions to integrate with software
platforms. Our main digital assets at the present time are our applications. We continue to strengthen our technology architecture and
develop Application Development Interface (API) for collaboration partners such as network marketing back end service providers. In addition
we are continuing our development activities in blockchain in order to prepare for future client opportunities. 

In
January 2017, we entered into a revenue-sharing agreement with iGalen, a network marketing company selling health products (AIL, our
former majority stockholder, was a significant stockholder of iGalen). Under the agreement, we customized a secure app for
iGalen s communication and management system. The app enables mobile friendly back-end access for iGalen Inc. members, among
other functions. We are continuing to improve this secure app. In particular, we intend to utilize blockchain supply logistics to
improve its functions (the original iGalen app did not utilize the latest distributed ledger technology). Once the improvements to
this technology are completed, and initially utilized by iGalen, We intend to then attempt to sell similar services to other
companies engaged in network marketing, as members of our management have a particular experience offering services to that industry
and we believe our solutions are particularly suited to that industry s needs. This app can be modified to meet the specific
needs of any network marketing company. We believe that these technologies will, among other benefits, make it easier for network
marketing companies to securely and effectively manage their systems of compensation. Our current plan is to commence sales of this
technology in 2023. 

4 

In
February of 2021, the Company s name was changed to GigWorld Inc. 

The
direct selling industry has been adopting gig economy practices and relying heavily on digital marketing technology in team development
and customer engagement. We have positioned ourselves to serve the growing demand in the transformation of the direct selling industry
towards the gig economy. 

The
Group has relied significantly on AIL, our former majority stockholder, as its principal sources of funding during the period. AIL, and
later, our current majority stockholder, advised us not to depend solely on it for financing. We have increased our efforts to raise
additional capital through equity or debt financings from other sources. However, we cannot be certain that such capital (from our stockholders
or third parties) will be available to us or whether such capital will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. Any such, financing
likely would be dilutive to existing stockholders and could result in significant financial operating covenants that would negatively
impact our business. If we are unable to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms, we will have insufficient funds to
operate our business or pursue our planned growth. 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Value Exchange International, Inc., a Nevada corporation VEII pursuant to which the Company purchased 6.5 million restricted shares of VEII Common Stock from VEII for an aggregate
purchase price of 650,000. The closing of the transaction occurred on April 12, 2021. Pursuant to this Securities Purchase Agreement,
the Company was entitled to appoint one nominee to the Board of Directors of VEII. The Company appointed Mr. Lum Kan Fai as its nominee.
Mr. Lum is the Vice Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors. VEII is a provider of customer-centric technology solutions for
the retail industry in Hong Kong and certain regions of China and Philippines. On October 17, 2022,
the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Chan Heng Fai, who is the Chairman of the Company s
Board of Directors and the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest stockholder of Alset Inc., the Company s majority stockholder.
Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company bought an aggregate of 7,276,163 shares of VEII. The Company presently owns approximately
38.1 of the total issued and outstanding shares of Value Exchange International Inc. 

In
July of 2021, the Company s indirect subsidiary HotApp International Limited incorporated Smart Reward Express Limited Smart
Reward in Hong Kong. Smart Reward plans to be principally engaged in the business of developing a platform allowing small and
medium sized merchants to set-up their own reward program, with the aim of creating a loyalty exchange program for participating merchants. 

HotApp
International Limited is the owner of 50 of the issued and outstanding shares of Smart Reward. The remaining 50 of the issued and outstanding
shares of Smart Reward are held by Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of VEII. 

According
to a report from McKinsey in October of 2016, Global report , Independent Work: Choice, Necessity and the Gig Economy, 
162 million people in Europe and the United States or 20 to 30 percent of the working-age population - engage in some form of independent
work. 

The
direct selling industry has been adopting gig economy practices and relying heavily on digital marketing technology in team development
and customer engagement. We have positioned ourselves to serve the growing demand in the transformation of the direct selling industry
towards the gig economy. 

In
March of 2023, the Company s name was changed from GigWorld Inc. to Hapi Metaverse Inc. to reflect
the Board of Directors determination that it was in the best interest of the Company to position itself as a Metaverse-as-a-Service
(MaaS) provider, reflecting its latest strategy embracing Metaverse, A.I., and offline engagement for communities and brands. 

5 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements include the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the following
entities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as follows: 

Attributable interest as of, 
 
 Name of subsidiary consolidated under Hapi Metaverse Inc. 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 

HotApp BlockChain Pte.Ltd. (f.k.a. HotApps International Pte. Ltd.) 
 Singapore 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 HotApp International Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Gig Stablecoin Inc. (f.k.a. Crypto Exchange Inc.) 
 Nevada 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 HWH World Inc. 
 Delaware 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 HWH World Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 - 
 100.0 
 
 Smart Reward Express Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 50.0 
 50.0 
 
 Hapi Cafe Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 100.0 
 - 
 
 MOC HK Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 100.0 
 - 
 
 Shenzhen Leyouyou Catering Management Co., Ltd. 
 People s Republic of China 
 100.0 
 - 
 
 Hapi Metaverse Inc. 
 Texas 
 100.0 
 - 

Smart Reward Express Limited Smart Reward was incorporated in Hong Kong on July 13, 2021 with an issued and paid-up share
capital of HK 10,000 comprising 10,000 ordinary shares. 

Smart
Reward plans to be principally engaged in the business of developing a platform allowing small and medium sized merchants to set-up their
own reward program, with the aim of creating a loyalty exchange program for participating merchants. 

HotApp
International Limited is the owner of 50 of the issued and outstanding shares of Smart Reward. The remaining 50 of the issued and outstanding
shares of Smart Reward are held by Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of VEII. 

HotApp
International Limited holds 5,000 shares of Smart Reward, representing 50 of the total issued and outstanding shares of Smart Reward.
HotApp International Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HotApp BlockChain Pte. Ltd., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hapi
Metaverse Inc. The remaining 5,000 shares of Smart Reward, representing 50 of the total issued and outstanding shares of Smart Reward,
are held by Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Value Exchange International Inc. Hapi Metaverse
Inc. owns 38.1 and 18 of the total issued and outstanding shares of Value Exchange International Inc as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021. 

Accordingly,
the Company in total holds more than 50 of Smart Reward, and Swart Reward is consolidated in the Company s financial statements. 

Hapi Cafe Limited HCHK was incorporated in Hong Kong on July 5, 2022 with an issued and paid-up share capital of HK 2
comprising 2 ordinary shares. HCHK plans to be principally engaged in the food and beverage business in Hong Kong. 

HotApp
BlockChain Pte. Ltd. is the owner of 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of HCHK. This business was acquired on September 5, 2022. 

MOC HK Limited MOC was incorporated in Hong Kong on February 16, 2020 with an issued and paid-up share capital of HK 10
comprising 10 ordinary shares. MOC plans to be principally engaged in the food and beverage business in Hong Kong. 

Hapi
Cafe Ltd. is the owner of 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of MOC. This business was acquired on October 5, 2022. And during
the acquisition, a goodwill 60,343 had been generated for the Company. 

Shenzhen Leyouyou Catering Management Co., Ltd. HCCN was incorporated in People s Republic of China on October
10, 2022. HCCN plans to be principally engaged in the food and beverage business in Mainland China. 

Hapi
Cafe Ltd. is the owner HCCN. This business was acquired on October 10, 2022. 

Hapi Metaverse Inc. was incorporated in Texas on November 28, 2022 with an issued and paid-up share capital of 0.1 comprising 100 ordinary
shares. 

6 

Our
Plan of Operations 

We
believe that we have significant opportunities to further enhance the value we deliver to our users. We intend to pursue the following
growth strategy: 

focus
 in developing technologies enabling enterprise to capture the gig economy opportunities; 
 
 partner
 with technology providers offer services for membership management, ecommerce, loyalty reward
 management, metaverse platform for community; and 
 
 identify
 solutions and licensing opportunities in accelerating the digital transformation for direct
 selling, affiliate marketing, travel membership and O2O (online-to-offline) eCommerce operations. 

Achieved
and Target Milestones 

In
2022, we have achieved the following milestones: 

built
 a proof-of-concept solution for a direct selling company and successfully integrated their
 back-end service into the Mobile App; and 
 
 Launched
 a white label app for managing community in Direct Selling business 

Over
the next twelve months we plan to: 

further
 enhance our software solution services using Metaverse as a Service 
 
 Achieve
 a closer partnership with VEII our partner for retail digital transformation solutions. 

Our
Business Model and User Monetization Plan 

We
plan to generate revenue through the following: 

white
 label of Hapi Metaverse solutions; 
 
 metaverse
 as a service; and 
 
 digital
 transformation related consulting services. 

Our
Competitiveness in the Businesses in Which we Operate 

With
the focus on being a service provider, our competitiveness is strengthened by: 

strengthening
 the methodology for project management and development through continuous improvement through
 project engagement; 
 
 understanding
 the industry s need, work closely with service providers in the direct selling industry; 
 
 sharpening
 technology focus and continuous moving up to new area such as blockchain enabled services,
 metaverse and artificial intelligence; and 
 
 operating
 within effective overhead to reduce operational risk. 

Our
Challenges 

Our
ability to execute our growth strategies is subject to risks and uncertainties, including those relating to our ability to: 

raise
 additional funding for the continuous development of our technology and project and to pursue
 our business strategy; 
 
 maintain
 the trusted status of our ecosystem; 
 
 grow
 our user base, enhance user engagement and create value services for communities and enterprises; 
 
 market
 and profit from our service offerings, monetize our user base and achieve profitability; 

7 

keep
 up with technological developments and evolving user expectations; 
 
 effectively
 manage our growth and control our costs and expenses; 
 
 address
 privacy and security concerns relating to our services and the use of user information; 
 
 identify
 a management team with owner mentality and proven track record; and 
 
 changing
 market behavior for those using competitive platform. 

Please
see Risk Factors and other information included in this report for a detailed discussion on the above and other challenges
and risks. 

Our
Key Competitive Strengths 

We
believe building the following will provide us with some key competitive strengthens: 

understanding
 local market needs - establish brand presence for local enterprises and communities based
 on the implementation know how for the early adopters; and 
 
 thin
 and lean organization structure - to effectively adapt to the growth and shrink of operation
 based on market and sales pipelines. 

Our
Technology 

Based
on our core technology infrastructure, we are building up additional functions on top of this stable and scalable infrastructure. The
system architecture is designed in modular form so that we continue to add new applications modules while we are growing our customer
base. In addition, we shall also be able to incorporate third party application module effectively to continue building new services
to cope with the digital transformation need of direct selling industry and supporting them capitalizing on the gig economy opportunity. 

Key
aspects or strengths of our technology include: 

scalable
 infrastructure; 
 
 quick
 adaptation to third party services, such as back end systems, payment and logistics; and 
 
 dedicated
 to continuous improvement of user experience in local context. 

Regulatory
Matters 

We
are subject to the laws and regulations of those jurisdictions in which we plan to conduct our services, primarily the United States
and certain countries in Asia, which are generally applicable to business operations, such as business licensing requirements, income
taxes and payroll taxes. In general, the development and operation of our business is not subject to special regulatory and/or supervisory
requirements. Please see Risk Factors and other information included in this report for further discussion on the above
matters. 

Employees
and Employment Agreements 

As
the beginning of 2022, we had no full time employees. We had four employees at the end of 2022, resulting from the Food and Beverage f b business of MOC HK Limited. We expect to maintain our headcounts at current levels with moderate increases in
line with business activities for the foreseeable future and if our financing permits. The Company has employees under written contracts
that provide for at will termination and include confidentiality clauses. 

As
of the date of this Report, we have not entered into any employment arrangement with any officers, except for our Chief Executive Officer,
Lee Wang Kei. Mr. Lee is paid 2,000 per month by HotApp International Limited, a subsidiary of the Company. Our largest stockholder,
Alset Inc., has provided staff without charge to our Company. We intend to outsource many functions of our business for the immediate
future. 

Insurance 

We
do not maintain property insurance, business interruption insurance or general third-party liability insurance, nor do we maintain product
liability or key-man insurance. 

8 

Additional
Information 

The
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission maintains an internet website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission. The periodic reports and other information
that the Company files with the Commission are available for inspection on the Commission s website free of charge as soon as reasonably
practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Commission. 

The
Company maintains a website at https://www.hapimetaverse.com where you may also access these materials free of charge. We have included
our website address as an inactive textual reference only and the information contained in, and that can be accessed through, our website
is not incorporated into and is not part of this report on Form 10-K. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the following factors and other information
before deciding to invest in our Company. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects for growth would likely suffer. As a result, you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Our
business is subject to numerous risk factors, including the following: 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION 

There
is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
report of Grassi Co., our independent registered public accounting firm, with respect to our consolidated financial statements
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 contains an explanatory paragraph as to our potential ability to continue as a going concern.
As a result, this may adversely affect our ability to obtain new financing on reasonable terms or at all. Investors may be unwilling
to invest in a company that will not have the funds necessary to continue to deploy its business strategies. 

Failure
to raise additional capital to fund future operations could harm our business and results of operations. 

As
reflected on our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 contained herein, we have incurred
net loss since inception, and have a working capital deficit of 2,076,017. We will require additional financing in order to maintain
our corporate existence and to implement our business plans and strategy. The timing and amount of our capital requirements will depend
on a number of factors, including our operational results, the need for other expenditures, and competitive pressures. If additional
funds are raised through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our then-existing stockholders
will likely be reduced significantly. We cannot make assurances that any financing will be available on terms favorable to us or at all.
If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, our ability to fund our business strategy, ongoing operations, take advantage
of unanticipated opportunities, and in turn our business, financial condition and results of operations will be significantly and adversely
affected. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

Management
has identified a material weakness in the design and effectiveness of our internal controls, which, if not remediated could affect the
accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting and result in misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. 

In
connection with the preparation of our Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

9 

During
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 conducted as part of our annual audit and preparation of our
annual consolidated financial statements, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our
disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Management determined
that at December 31, 2022, we had a material weakness that relates to the relatively small number of staff who have bookkeeping and accounting
functions (this staff is provided by Alset Inc., our largest shareholder, at no cost to us). This limited number of staff prevents us
from segregating duties within our internal control system. 

This
material weakness, which remained unremediated by the Company as of December 31, 2022, could result in a misstatement to the accounts
and disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to our annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not
be prevented or detected. If we do not remediate the material weakness or if other material weaknesses are identified in the future,
we may be unable to report our financial results accurately or to report them on a timely basis, which could result in the loss of investor
confidence and have a material adverse effect on our stock price as well as our ability to access capital and lending markets. 

Our
Company cannot predict if it can achieve profitable operations. 

The
Company has only had limited operations to date and requires significant additional financing to reach its projected milestones, which
include further product development, product marketing and general overhead expenditures. It may be difficult for the Company to attract
funding necessary to reach its projected milestones. Moreover, even if it achieves its projected milestones, the Company cannot predict
whether it will reach profitable operations. 

The
coronavirus or other adverse public health developments could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations, financial
condition and results of operations. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, and has since spread to
a number of other countries, including the United States. The COVID-19 pandemic s far-reaching impact on the global economy could
negatively affect various aspects of our business. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our business will depend on future
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may adversely impact our potential to expand our business activities. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted, and may continue
to impact, the global supply of certain goods and services in ways that may impact the sale of products to consumers that we, or companies
we may partner with, will attempt to make. The COVID-19 pandemic may prevent us from pursuing otherwise attractive opportunities. 

In
addition, the COVID-19 pandemic could directly impact the ability of our management and service providers to continue to work, and our
ability to conduct our operations in a prompt and efficient manner. Our management has shifted to mostly working from home since March
2020, but this has had minimal impact on our operations to date. However our management s ability to travel has been significantly
limited, and limitations on the mobility of our management may slow down our ability to enter into new transactions and expand existing
projects. 

To
date, we have not been required to expend significant resources related to employee health and safety matters related to the COVID-19
pandemic. We have a small management team, however, and the inability of any significant number of our management team to work due to
illness or the illness of a family member could adversely impact our operations. 

Our
business is highly competitive. Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. 

We
face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that provide tools to facilitate the sharing of
information, companies that enable marketers to display advertising and companies that provide development platforms for applications
developers. We compete with companies that offer full-featured products that replicate the range of communications and related capabilities
we provide. We also compete with companies that develop applications, particularly mobile applications, that provide social or other
communications functionality, such as messaging, photo- and video-sharing and micro-blogging, and companies that provide web- and mobile-based
information and entertainment products and services that are designed to engage users and capture time spent online and on mobile devices.
In addition, we face competition from traditional, online, and mobile businesses that provide media for marketers to reach their audiences
and/or develop tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. 

10 

Most,
if not all, of our current and potential competitors may have significantly greater resources or better competitive positions in certain
product segments, geographic regions or user demographics than we do. These factors may allow our competitors to respond more effectively
than us to new or emerging technologies and changes in market conditions. 

Our
competitors may develop products, features, or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater acceptance, may undertake more
far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. Certain
competitors could use strong or dominant positions in one or more markets to gain competitive advantage against us in our target market
or markets. As a result, our competitors may acquire and engage users or generate revenue at the expense of our own efforts, which may
negatively affect our business and financial results. 

We
believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including: 

the
 popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared
 to our competitors products, particularly with respect to mobile products; 
 
 the
 size and composition of our user base; 
 
 the
 engagement of our users with our products and competing products; 
 
 the
 timing and market acceptance of products, including developments and enhancements to our
 or our competitors products; 
 
 our
 ability to monetize our products; 
 
 customer
 service and support efforts; 
 
 acquisitions
 or consolidation within our industry, which may result in more formidable competitors; 
 
 our
 ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly software engineers,
 designers, and product managers; 
 
 our
 ability to cost-effectively manage and grow our operations; and 
 
 our
 reputation and brand strength relative to those of our competitors. 

We
are a development stage company and we may never generate significant revenues which could cause our business to fail. 

We
are a development stage company and have generated limited revenues as of the date of this Report. Since inception, the Company has incurred
net loss of 6,288,884 and has net working capital deficit of 2,076,017 at December 31, 2022. We expect to operate with net loss for
the next financial year-ending December 31, 2023 or longer. We cannot predict the extent of these future net losses, or when we may attain
profitability, if at all. If we are unable to generate significant revenue or attain profitability, we will not be able to sustain operations
and will have to curtail significantly or cease operations. 

We
have a limited operating history that investors can use to evaluate us, and the likelihood of our success must be considered in light
of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered by a small developing company. 

We
were incorporated in Delaware on March 7, 2012. We have no significant financial resources and have recorded minimal revenues in the
year ended December 31, 2022. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications
and delays frequently encountered by a small developing company starting a new business enterprise and the highly competitive environment
in which we will operate. Since we have a limited operating history, we cannot assure you that our business will be profitable or that
we will ever generate sufficient revenues to meet our expenses and support our anticipated activities. 

If
we do not successfully develop new products and services, our business may be harmed. 

Our
business and operating results may be harmed if we fail to expand our various product and service offerings (either through internal
product or capability development initiatives or through partnerships and acquisitions) in such a way that achieves widespread market
acceptance or that generates significant revenue and gross profits to offset our operating and other costs. We may not successfully identify,
develop and market new product and service offerings in a timely manner. If we introduce new products and services, they may not attain
broad market acceptance or contribute meaningfully to our revenue or profitability. Competitive or technological developments may require
us to make substantial, unanticipated capital expenditures in new products and technologies or in new strategic partnerships, and we
may not have sufficient resources to make these expenditures. Because the markets for many of our products and services are subject to
rapid change, we may need to expand and/or evolve our product and service offerings quickly. Delays and cost overruns could affect our
ability to respond to technological changes, evolving industry standards, competitive developments or customer requirements and harm
our business and operating results. 

11 

The
loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could
harm our business. 

We
depend on the services and performance of our key personnel, including Chan Heng Fai, Lee Wang Kei and Lum Kan Fai. The loss of key personnel,
including members of management, could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our business. 

Each
of Mr. Chan, Mr. Lee and Mr. Lum are engaged in other business ventures, including other technology-related businesses. In order to successfully
implement our businesses plans, we will need to recruit additional qualified personnel. 

We
may incur significant costs to be a public company to ensure compliance with U.S. corporate governance and accounting requirements, and
we may not be able to absorb such costs. 

We
may incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with corporate governance requirements,
including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We
expect these costs to equal at least 107,000 per year, consisting of 10,000 in legal, 80,000 in audit and 17,000 for financial printing
and transfer agent fees. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance
costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. We may not be able to cover these costs from our operations 
revenue and may need to raise or borrow additional funds. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more
difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy
limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating
and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional
costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. In addition, we may not be able to absorb these costs of being a public company which
will negatively affect our business operations. 

Alset
Inc. owns a significant amount of the outstanding common stock of the Company and could take actions which other investors may deem as
detrimental to the Company. 

Alset
Inc. beneficially owns approximately 99.693 of the outstanding common stock of our Company as of the date of this filing. Through this
ownership, this stockholder has the ability to substantially influence our board, our management, and our policies and business operations.
In addition, the rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders
of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. Because of this majority ownership, Alset Inc. may cause the Company to engage
in business combinations without having to seeking other stockholders approval. 

Such
concentration of ownership also may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control, which may be to the benefit of this
one stockholder but not in the interest of the other investors. Additionally, minority stockholders would not be able to obtain the necessary
stockholder vote to affect any change in the course of our business. This concentration of control could prevent minority stockholders
from removing from our Board directors who may be perceived as not performing at an appropriate level. 

We
may face liability for information displayed on or accessible via our website, and for other content and commerce-related activities,
which could cause us to suffer losses. 

We
could face claims for errors, defamation, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement based on the nature and content of information
displayed on or accessible via our website, which could adversely affect our financial condition. Even to the extent that claims made
against us do not result in liability, we may incur substantial costs in investigating and defending such claims. 

Our
insurance, if any, may not cover all potential claims to which we might be exposed to or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all
liabilities that we may incur. Any imposition of liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage would
cause us to suffer losses. 

12 

If
our costs and expenses are greater than anticipated and we are unable to raise additional working capital, we may be unable to fully
fund our operations and to otherwise execute our business plan. 

We
do not currently have sufficient funds or any agreements for additional funds, for us to continue our business for the next 12 months.
Should our costs and expenses prove to be greater than we currently anticipate, or should we change our current business plan in a manner
that will increase or accelerate our anticipated costs and expenses, the depletion of our working capital would be accelerated. To the
extent it becomes necessary to raise additional cash in the future as our current cash and working capital resources are depleted, we
will seek to raise it through the public or private sale of debt or equity securities, funding from joint-venture or strategic partners,
debt financing or short-term loans, or a combination of the foregoing. We may also seek to satisfy indebtedness without any cash outlay
through the private issuance of debt or equity securities. We currently do not have any binding commitments for, or readily available
sources of, additional financing. We cannot give you any assurance that we will be able to secure the additional cash or working capital
that we may require to continue our operations. 

If
we require additional capital and even if we are able to raise additional financing, we might not be able to obtain it on terms that
are not unduly expensive or burdensome to the Company or disadvantageous to our existing stockholders. 

If
we require additional capital and even if we are able to raise additional cash or working capital through the public or private sale
of debt or equity securities, funding from joint-venture or strategic partners, debt financing or short-term loans, or the satisfaction
of indebtedness without any cash outlay through the private issuance of debt or equity securities, the terms of such transactions may
be unduly expensive or burdensome to the Company or disadvantageous to our existing stockholders. For example, we may be forced to sell
or issue our securities at significant discounts to market, or pursuant to onerous terms and conditions, including the issuance of preferred
stock with disadvantageous dividend, voting or veto, board membership, conversion, redemption or liquidation provisions; the issuance
of convertible debt with disadvantageous interest rates and conversion features; the issuance of warrants with cashless exercise features;
the issuance of securities with anti-dilution provisions; and the grant of registration rights with significant penalties for the failure
to quickly register. If we raise debt financing, we may be required to secure the financing with all of our business assets, which could
be sold or retained by the creditor should we default in our payment obligations. 

We
may not timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology and network infrastructure to ensure that our services and solutions
are accessible within an acceptable load time. Additionally, other catastrophic occurrences beyond our control could interfere with access
to our services. 

A
key element to our potential growth is the ability of our users (whom we define as anyone who downloads and uses the app) in all geographies
to access our services and solutions within acceptable load times. We may, in the future, experience service disruptions, outages and
other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, and denial of service,
fraud or security attacks. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these website performance problems
within an acceptable period of time. If our services are unavailable when users attempt to access them as quickly as they expect, users
may seek other services to obtain the information for which they are looking, and may not return to use our services as often in the
future, or at all. This would negatively impact our ability to attract new users and increase engagement of our existing users. We expect
to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve mobile application performance and to enable rapid releases of new
features and products. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually
develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating
results may be harmed. 

Our
systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from catastrophic occurrences such as earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication
failures, terrorist attacks and other similar events. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other
unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. 

We
do not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential
harm to the growth of our business that may result from interruptions in our services as a result of system failures. 

13 

If
our security measures are compromised, or if our websites are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of members or customers
to access our solutions, or if our member data is compromised, members and customers may curtail or stop to use our solutions. 

Our
applications will involve the collection, processing, storage, sharing, disclosure and usage of members and customers information
and communications, some of which may be private. We are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, phishing attacks, attempts to overload
our servers with denial-of-service or other attacks and similar disruptions from unauthorized use of our computer systems, any of which
could lead to interruptions, delays, or website shutdowns, causing loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure or use of personally
identifiable or other confidential information. If we experience compromises to our security that result in website performance or availability
problems, the complete shutdown of our websites, or the loss or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, such as credit card
information, our members or customers may be harmed or lose trust and confidence in us, and decrease the use of our website and services
or stop using our services in their entirety, and we would suffer reputational and financial harm. 

In
addition, we could be subject to regulatory investigations and litigation in connection with a security breach or related issues, and
we could also be liable to third parties for these types of breaches. Such litigation, regulatory investigations and our technical activities
intended to prevent future security breaches are likely to require additional management resources and expenditures. If our security
measures fail to protect this information adequately or we fail to comply with the applicable credit card association operating rules,
we could be liable to both our customers for their losses, as well as the vendors under our agreements with them. In addition, we could
be subject to fines and higher transaction fees, we could face regulatory action, and our customers and vendors could end their relationships
with us. Any of these developments could harm our business and financial results. 

Public
scrutiny of internet privacy and security issues may result in increased regulation and different industry standards, which could deter
or prevent us from providing our current products and solutions to our members and customers, thereby harming our business. 

The
regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is evolving and is likely to remain in flux for the foreseeable future.
Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, display, processing, transmission and security of personal information by companies
offering online services have recently come under increased public scrutiny. The U.S. government, including the White House, the Federal
Trade Commission, the Department of Commerce and many state governments, are reviewing the need for greater regulation of the collection,
use and storage of information concerning consumer behavior with respect to online services, including regulation aimed at restricting
certain targeted advertising practices and collection and use of data from mobile devices. The FTC in particular has approved consent
decrees resolving complaints and their resulting investigations into the privacy and security practices of a number of online, social
media companies. Similar actions may also impact us directly. 

Our
business, including our ability to operate and expand internationally or on new technology platforms, could be adversely affected if
legislation or regulations are adopted, interpreted, or implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with our current business practices
that may require changes to these practices, the design of our websites, mobile applications, products, features or our privacy policy.
In particular, the success of our business is expected to be driven by our ability to responsibly use the data that our members share
with us. Therefore, our business could be harmed by any significant change to applicable laws, regulations or industry standards or practices
regarding the storage, use or disclosure of data our members choose to share with us, or regarding the manner in which the express or
implied consent of consumers for such use and disclosure is obtained. Such changes may require us to modify our products and features,
possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new products and features that make use of the data that we collect
from our members. 

We
will rely on outside firms to host our servers and to provide telecommunication connections, and a failure of service by these providers
could adversely affect our business and reputation. 

We
will rely upon third party providers to host a number of our servers and provide telecommunication connections. In the event that these
providers experience any interruption in operations or cease operations for any reason or if we are unable to agree on satisfactory terms
for continued hosting relationships, we would be forced to enter into a relationship with other service providers or assume hosting responsibilities
ourselves. If we are forced to switch hosting facilities, we may not be successful in finding an alternative service provider on acceptable
terms or in hosting the computer server ourselves. We may also be limited in our remedies against these providers in the event of a failure
of service. A failure or limitation of service or available capacity by any of these third-party providers could adversely affect our
business and reputation. 

14 

Our
products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors, our business could be
adversely affected. 

Our
products and internal systems rely on software, including software developed or maintained internally and/or by third parties, that is
highly technical and complex. In addition, our products and internal systems depend on the ability of such software to store, retrieve,
process and manage immense amounts of data. The software on which we rely has contained, and may now or in the future contain, undetected
errors, bugs or vulnerabilities. Some errors may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or internal use. Errors
or other design defects within the software on which we rely may result in a negative experience for users and marketers who use our
products, delay product introductions or enhancements, result in measurement or billing errors or compromise our ability to protect the
data of our users and/or our intellectual property. Any errors, bugs or defects discovered in the software on which we rely could result
in damage to our reputation, loss of users, loss of revenue or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business
and financial results. 

A
significant or prolonged economic downturn would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our
results of operations are expected to be affected by the level of business activity of our users, many of whom are expected to be businesses.
These businesses, in turn, can be affected by general economic conditions and the level of economic activity in the industries and markets
that they serve. On an aggregate basis, our clients may be less likely to hire as many senior executives or consultants during economic
downturns and periods of economic uncertainty. To the extent our clients delay or reduce hiring senior executives or consultants due
to an economic downturn or economic uncertainty, our results of operations will be adversely affected. A continued economic downturn
or period of economic uncertainty and a decline in the level of business activity of our clients would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any
intellectual property rights we develop will be valuable and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services
and brand. 

Any
trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights that we develop will be important assets to us. There can
be no assurance that the protections provided by these intellectual property rights will be adequate to prevent our competitors from
misappropriating our technology or that our competitors will not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent
or superior to our technology. There are events that are outside of our control that could pose a threat to our intellectual property
rights. Additionally, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use
of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results. 

We
may be subject to intellectual property rights claims in the future, which may be costly to defend, could require the payment of damages
and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. 

Companies
in the Internet, technology and media industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently
enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As our product usage
becomes more wide-spread, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims increases. Our technologies may not be able to withstand
any third-party claims or rights against their use. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming,
expensive to litigate or settle and could divert management resources and attention. An adverse determination also could prevent us from
offering our products and services to others and may require that we procure substitute products or services for these members. 

With
respect to any intellectual property rights claim, we may have to pay damages or stop using technology found to be in violation of a
third party s rights. We may have to seek a license for the technology, which may not be available on reasonable terms and may
significantly increase our operating expenses. The technology also may not be available for license to us at all. As a result, we also
may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot license
or develop technology for any infringing aspects of our business in the future, we may be forced to limit our product and service offerings
and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results could harm our brand and operating results. 

15 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

Once
publicly trading, the application of the penny stock rules could adversely affect the market price of our common shares
and increase your transaction costs to sell those shares. 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes
relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00
per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: 

that
 a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and 
 
 that
 a broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting
 forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain
 financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and 
 
 make
 a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person
 and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable
 of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating
to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

sets
 forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 
 
 that
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the
 transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made concerning the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and regarding
the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights
and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the future; any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We
do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend
on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the Board of Directors may consider
relevant. Our current intention is to apply net earnings, if any, in the foreseeable future to increasing our capital base and development
and marketing efforts. There can be no assurance that the Company will ever have sufficient earnings to declare and pay dividends to
the holders of our common stock, and in any event, a decision to declare and pay dividends is at the sole discretion of our Board of
Directors. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our
stock price appreciates. 

Our
common stock price is likely to be highly volatile which may subject us to securities litigation thereby diverting our resources which
may affect our profitability and results of operation. 

Once
listed, due to the nature of our Company and its business, the market price for our common stock is expected to be limited and highly
volatile. The following factors will add to our common stock price s volatility: 

the
 number of users of our applications; 
 
 actual
 or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results; 
 
 announcements
 of acquisitions; 
 
 additions
 or departures of our key personnel; and 
 
 sales
 of our common stock. 

16 

Some
of these factors are beyond our control. These factors may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating
performance. In the past, plaintiffs have initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility
in the market price of its securities. We may be the target of similar litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in
substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s attention and resources. 

In
addition, as a result of the expected volatility of our stock price, investors may be unable to resell their shares at a fair price or
at a price lower than their entry price. 

The
trading market for our common stock may be limited. 

If
a market for our common stock develops, it is expected to be limited and thinly traded, and we can provide no assurance to investors
that a more robust market will develop. If a market for our common stock does not develop, our stockholders may not be able to resell
the shares of our common stock they have purchased and they may lose all of their investment. 

By
issuing preferred stock, we may be able to delay, defer, or prevent a change of control. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation permit us to issue, without approval from our stockholders, a total of 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock.
Our Board of Directors can determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to, or imposed upon, the shares of
preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series. It is possible that our Board
of Directors, in determining the rights, preferences and privileges to be granted when the preferred stock is issued, may include provisions
that have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium over
the market price, or that adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our
common stock. 

We
have not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which stockholders may have more limited protections
against interested director transactions, conflicts of interests and similar matters. 

We
have not yet adopted any corporate governance measures and, since our securities are not yet listed on a national securities exchange,
we are not required to do so. We have not adopted corporate governance measures such as an audit or other independent committees of our
Board of Directors as we presently have only one independent director. If we expand our board membership in future periods to include
additional independent directors, we may seek to establish an audit and other committees of our Board of Directors. It is possible that
if our Board of Directors included additional independent directors and if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance
measures, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested
directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct. For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and
compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation
packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees may be made by a majority of directors who have an interest
in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures
in formulating their investment decisions. 

Securities
analysts may not cover our common stock and this may have a negative impact on our common stock s market price. 

The
trading market for our common stock in the future may depend on the research and reports that securities analysts publish about us or
our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. There is no guarantee that securities analysts will cover our common stock.
If securities analysts do not cover our common stock, the lack of research coverage may adversely affect our common stock s market
price, if any. If we are covered by securities analysts, and our stock is downgraded, our stock price would likely decline. If one or
more of these analysts ceases to cover us or fails to publish regularly reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

17 

Since
members of our board of directors are not residents of the United States and certain of our assets are located outside of the United
States, you may not be able to enforce a U.S. judgment for claims you may bring against such directors or assets. 

Members
of our senior management team, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have their primary residences and business
offices in Asia, and a portion of our assets and a substantial portion of the assets of these directors are located outside the United
States. As a result, it may be more difficult for you to enforce a lawsuit within the United States against these non-U.S. residents
than if they were residents of the United States. Also, it may be more difficult for you to enforce any judgment obtained in the United
States against our assets or the assets of our non-U.S. resident management located outside the United States than if these assets were
located within the United States. We cannot assure you that foreign courts would enforce liabilities predicated on U.S. federal securities
laws in original actions commenced in such foreign jurisdiction, or judgments of U.S. courts obtained in actions based upon the civil
liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
Applicable 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
US office is located at 4800 Montgomery Lane, Suite 210, Bethesda MD 20814. We occupy one office at this location free of rent based
on a month-to-month arrangement with an affiliate of Alset Inc., the Company s largest stockholder. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

The
Company is not a party to any proceedings, and no such proceedings are known to be contemplated. 

There
are no material proceedings to which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, or any beneficial owner of record of more than
five percent of any class of voting securities of the Company, or any associate of any such director, office, affiliate of the Company,
or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Company or
any of its subsidiaries. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 

Not
Applicable. 

18 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Presently,
there is no established public trading market for our shares of common stock. On June 9, 2015, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), cleared the Company s request under Rule 15c2-11 for an unpriced quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board and
in OTC Link under the symbol HTPN. Since that time, through the date of this Annual Report, the Company has not had any trading in its
stock. The Company s stock symbol is now GIGW and the Company s new name has been change to Hapi Metaverse Inc. 

Holders

As
of the date of this filing, we had 106 stockholders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

Since
inception we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth of our business,
our Board of Directors will have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. Payment of dividends in the future will depend
upon our earnings, capital requirements and other factors, which our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

On
July 30, 2018, the Company adopted an Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan is intended to encourage ownership of
our shares by employees, directors and certain consultants to the Company, in order to attract and retain such people, to induce them
to work for the benefit of the Company. The Plan provides for the grant of options and/or other stock-based or stock-denominated awards.
Subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Plan, 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company have been reserved for
issuance pursuant to awards under the Plan. The Plan will be administered by the Company s Board of Directors. This Plan shall
terminate ten (10) years from the date of its adoption by the Board of Directors. The Plan was approved by the stockholder holding a
majority of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

Recent
sales of unregistered securities; use of proceeds from registered securities 

On
December 20, 2018, the Board of Directors of AIL announced its intention to sell up to 3,200,000 shares of the Company to independent
third parties at US 0.50 per share for an aggregate cash consideration of up to US 1,600,000. The purpose of this proposed sale was to
raise funds to continue to support the general corporate and working capital of the Company, including but not limited to the operating
costs of the Company. During 2021, AIL has sold 1,449,200 shares of the Company to independent third parties, and AIL owned 99.693 of
the Company after such transactions. On August 30, 2022, Alset International Limited entered into a stock purchase with its controlling
stockholder, Alset Inc. (formerly known as Alset EHome International Inc.) in relation to the disposal of 505,341,376 shares of the Company s
common stock, representing approximately 99.69 of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company, to Alset Inc. After this
transaction, Alset Inc. became our largest stockholder. 

Performance
Graph 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers 

During
the period covered by this report, the Company did not repurchase any shares of the Company s common stock. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

19 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO 

 YEAR
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Results
of Operations 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

Revenue
consists primarily of the services rendered to customers in the amount of 28,143. The Company began generating revenue from a
project providing AI chatbot services to Value Exchange Int l (Hong Kong) Limited, a related company of the company and a
subsidiary of VEII located in Hong Kong, on a monthly basis in 2022. And revenue also generated from f b business after acquired
MOC on 5 October, 2022 was 41,772. Total revenues were 69,915 and 0, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

Cost
of revenue 

Cost of revenue consists primarily of outside service
fees incurred directly to the project. Total cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 9,151 and 0, respectively.
And the cost from f b revenue were 19,093 and 0 respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, of which 4,821 and
 0 were depreciation for leasehold improvement respectively. Total cost of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were
 28,244 and 0 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses consist primarily of salary and
benefits, professional fees, consulting expenses and maintenance expenses of existing software framework. We expect to maintain our operating
expenses with moderate changes in line with business activities. Total operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
were 411,562 and 172,370, of which 1,524 and 277 were depreciation expenses and 16,894 and 0 were amortization of right-of-use assets,
respectively. The increase was mainly due to the increase in consulting expenses for the exploration of new project and new market. 

Other
(Expenses) / Income 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have incurred 62,677 and 45,543) in foreign exchange gain (loss), 11 and 7 in interest
income, 0 and 32,500 in dividend income, 1,427,094) and 1,300,000 in unrealized (loss) gain on securities investment, and 0 and 7,800) in withholding federal tax respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
December 31, 2022, we had cash of 514,260 and a working capital deficit of 2,016,821. The increase in the working capital deficit during
the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the increase in the amount due to related parties. 

We
had a total stockholders deficit of 1,875,788 and an accumulated deficit of 6,288,884 as of December 31, 2022 compared with
a total stockholders deficit of 206,584 and an accumulated deficit of 4,560,449 as of December 31, 2021. This difference is
primarily due to the net loss incurred during the year. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net loss of 1,728,020, excluded loss from discontinued operations 648. 

We
had net cash used in operating activities of 402,687 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We had a negative change of 1,540 due to
prepaid expenses and 114,620 due to security deposit and other receivable and a positive change of 13,904 due to accounts payable and
accrued expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a net income of 1,106,794, excluded the loss from discontinued operations 3,259. 

20 

We
had net cash used in operating activities of 201,492 for the year ended December 31, 2021. We had a negative change of 1,300,000 due
to unrealized (gain) on security investment, 523 due to prepaid expenses and 3,434 due to security deposit and other receivable and
a negative change of 3,434 due to accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net cash used in investing activities of 1,817,956. We had used 1,743,735 in the purchase
of securities investment, used 70,523 in the acquisition of MOC and used 3,698 in the purchase of property and equipment. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net cash
used in investing activities of 651,990. We had used 650,000 in the purchase of securities investment and used 1,990 in the purchase
of property and equipment. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net cash provided by financial activities of 2,568,604, of which 2,568,604 was due to advances
from related parties. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net cash provided by financial activities of 893,589, of which 892,945
was due to advances from related parties and 644 was due to subsidiary s issuance of stock. 

We
will need to raise additional capital through equity or debt financings. However, we cannot be certain that such capital (from our largest
shareholder or third parties) will be available to us or whether such capital will be available on a term that is acceptable to us. Any
such financing likely would be dilutive to existing stockholders and could result in significant financial and operating covenants that
would negatively impact our business. If we are unable to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms, we will have insufficient
funds to operate our business and pursue our business plan. 

Consistent
with Section 144 of Delaware General Corporation Law, it is our current policy that all transactions between us and our officers, directors
and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors, are approved
by vote of the stockholders, or are fair to us as corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the board. We
will conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ).
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We believe that the estimates,
assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting policies described below have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated
financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. Because of the uncertainty inherent in these matters,
actual results could differ from the estimates we use in applying the critical accounting policies. Certain of these critical accounting
policies affect working capital account balances, including the policies for revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory
reserves and income taxes. These policies require that we make estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements
as of a given date. 

Within
the context of these critical accounting policies, we are not currently aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would
result in materially different amounts being reported. 

Revenue
recognition 

Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), establishes principles
for reporting information about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from the entity s
contracts to provide goods or services to customers. Under the new standard, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of
promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or
services. The Company adopted this new standard on January 1, 2018 under the modified retrospective method to all contracts not completed
as of January 1, 2018 and the adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements but we expanded our disclosures
related to contracts with customers below. 

Revenue
is recognized when (or as) the Company transfers promised goods or services or catering service to its customers in amounts that reflect
the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services or catering service, which occurs
when (or as) the Company satisfies its contractual obligations and transfers over control of the promised goods or services or catering
service to its customers. Costs to obtain or fulfill a contract are expensed as incurred. 

21 

The
Company began generating revenue from f b business by providing quality catering service and a project providing services to Value
Exchange Int l (Hong Kong) Limited, a subsidiary of Value Exchange International, Inc.( VEII located in Hong Kong,
on a monthly basis in 2022. VEII is a related party of the Company. Upon receipt of purchase order from this customer, we issue the corresponding
invoice and provide the service accordingly. Any payment received from this customer in advance is presented within other payables on
the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

Income
taxes 

Current
income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws of the relevant tax authorities. Deferred income taxes are recognized when
temporary differences exist between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial
statements. Net operating loss carry forwards and credits are applied using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Deferred
tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more-likely-than-not that a portion of or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified
as current and non-current based on their characteristics. 

The
impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon audit by the relevant tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than
a 50 likelihood of being sustained. Interest and penalties on income taxes will be classified as a component of the provisions for income
taxes. The Group did not recognize any income tax due to uncertain tax position or incur any interest and penalties related to potential
underpaid income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, respectively. 

Investment
in Securities - related party 

The Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements
with pursuant to which the Company purchased 6,500,000 and 7,276,163 shares of Value Exchange International, Inc., a Nevada corporation VEII on April 8, 2021 and October 17, 2022 respectively, which are recorded in fair value of 2,341,948 at the end of
the year. 1,427,094 unrealized loss are recognized for the year 2022. 

Off
 Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under applicable SEC rule. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
applicable. 

22 

Item
8. Financial Statements. 

HAPI
METAVERSE INC. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID: 
 
 24 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 25 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 26 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022 
 
 27 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 28 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 29 

23 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Hapi
Metaverse Inc. and Subsidiaries, formerly known as GigWorld Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Bethesda,
Maryland 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hapi Metaverse Inc. and Subsidiaries, formerly known as GigWorld Inc. and
Subsidiaries, (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022,and 2021 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s significant accumulated operating losses and working capital
deficit raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions,
and management s plans regarding those matters, are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

We
did not identify any critical audit matters during the course of our audit of the financial statement as of and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March
29, 2023 

24 

HAPI
METAVERSE INC. (FORMERLY KNOWN AS GIGWORLD INC.) 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other receivable related party 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in Securities - related party 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and Equipment, net 

Other non-current assets 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses related party 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued taxes 

Amount due to related parties 

Operating lease liabilities-Current 
 
 - 
 
 Current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 - 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Operating lease liabilities - Non-current 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL HAPI METAVERSEINC STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

25 

HAPI
METAVERSE INC. (FORMERLY KNOWN AS GIGWORLD INC.) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTs OF operations and COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year Ended 
 December 31,2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31,2021 

Revenues: 

Food Beverage 
 
 - 
 
 Services Rendered related party 
 
 - 
 
 Total of Revenue 
 
 - 

Cost of revenues 

Depreciation 
 
 - 
 
 Others Cost of revenues 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Cost of revenues 
 
 - 

Gross profit 
 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Depreciation 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) from operations 

Other income (loss): 

Interest income 

Other income 
 
 - 
 
 Dividend income 
 - 

Interest expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Witholding Federal Tax 
 - 

Foreign exchange gain (loss) 

Unrealized (loss) gain on Securities Investment, related party 

Gain on disposal of a subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Total other (loss) income 

(Loss) Income before taxes 

Income tax provision 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net (loss) income from Continuing Operations 

Net (loss) from Discontinuing Operations, Net of Tax 

Net (loss) attributable to Non-controlling interests 

Net (loss) income applicable to common shareholders 

Comprehensive (Loss) Income: 

Net (loss) income 

Foreign currency translation (loss) gain 

Total comprehensive (loss) income 

Net income (loss) per share - basic and diluted 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted number of shares outstanding - 

Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

26 

HAPI
METAVERSE INC. (FORMERLY KNOWN AS GIGWORLD INC.) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 1, 2021 TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Common 
 Shares 
 Par Value 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total Hapi 
 Metaverse Inc 
 Stockholders 
 Deficit 
 Non- Controlling 
 Interests 
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

- 

Subsidiary s issuance of stock 

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Gain on purchase of Value Exchange Stock from related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

27 

HAPI
METAVERSE INC. (FORMERLY KNOWN AS GIGWORLD INC.) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year Ended December 31,2022 
 Year Ended December 31,2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (Loss) Income from operation including non-controlling interests 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to cash used in operations: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expenses - Lease 
 
 - 
 
 (Gain) on disposal of a subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss (gain) on securities investment 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable-trade 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Inventories 
 
 - 
 
 Security deposit, and other receivable 

Accounts payable, other payable and accrued expenses 

Change in Operating Lease Liability 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in discontinued operating activities 
 
 - 

Net cash used in Operating Activities 

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Acquisition of MOC HK 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of securities investment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Subsidiary s issuance of stock 
 - 

Advance from related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

Effects of exchange rates on cash 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at end of year 

The
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

28 

HAPI
METAVERSE INC. (FORMERLY KNOWN AS GIGWORLD INC.) 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and has net working capital deficit of at December 31,
2022. Management has concluded that due to the conditions described above, there is a substantial doubt about the entity s ability
to continue as a going concern through March 29, 2024. We have evaluated the significance of the conditions in relation to our ability
to meet our obligations and believe that our current cash balance along with our current operations will not provide sufficient capital
to continue operations through 2023. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon achieving sales growth, management
of operating expenses and ability of the Company to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and pay its liabilities arising
from normal business operations when they come due, and upon profitable operations. 

Our
majority stockholder has advised us not to depend solely on it for financing. We have increased our efforts to raise additional capital
through equity or debt financings from other sources. However, we cannot be certain that such capital (from our stockholders or third
parties) will be available to us or whether such capital will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. Any such, financing likely
would be dilutive to existing stockholders and could result in significant financial operating covenants that would negatively impact
our business. If we are unable to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms, we will have insufficient funds to operate
our business or pursue our planned growth. 

These
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 

of the voting common stock and controls operations. All intercompany transactions
and balances among consolidated subsidiaries have been eliminated. 

HotApp International Limited 
 Hong Kong 

Gig Stablecoin Inc. (f.k.a. Crypto Exchange Inc.) 
 Nevada 

HWH World Inc. 
 Delaware 

HWH World Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 - 

Smart Reward Express Limited 
 Hong Kong 

Hapi Caf Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 
 - 
 
 MOC HK Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 
 - 
 
 Shenzhen Leyouyou Catering Management Co., Ltd. 
 People s Republic of China 
 
 - 
 
 Hapi Metaverse Inc. 
 Texas 
 
 - 

comprising ordinary shares. 

Smart
Reward plans to be principally engaged in the business of developing a platform allowing small and medium sized merchants to set-up their
own reward program, with the aim of creating a loyalty exchange program for participating merchants. 

HotApp
International Limited is the owner of of the issued and outstanding shares of Smart Reward. The remaining of the issued and outstanding
shares of Smart Reward are held by Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of VEII. 

HotApp
International Limited holds 
HotApp International Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HotApp BlockChain Pte. Ltd., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hapi
Metaverse Inc. The remaining 
are held by Value Exchange Int l (China) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Value Exchange International Inc. Hapi Metaverse
Inc. owns and of the total issued and outstanding shares of Value Exchange International Inc as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021. 

Accordingly,
the Company in total holds more than of Smart Reward, and Smart Reward is consolidated in the Company s financial statements. 

comprising ordinary
shares. HCHK plans to be principally engaged in the food and beverage business in Hong Kong. 

HotApp
BlockChain Pte. Ltd. is the owner of of the issued and outstanding shares of HCHK. This business was acquired on September 5, 2022. 

comprising 
ordinary shares. MOC plans to be principally engaged in the food and beverage business in Hong Kong Hapi Cafe Ltd. is the owner of 
of the issued and outstanding shares of MOC. This business was acquired on October 5, 2022. And during the acquisition, a goodwill 
had been generated for the Company. 

Hapi
Cafe Ltd. is the owner HCCN. This business was acquired on October 10, 2022. 

comprising ordinary shares. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

, and , in Hong Kong Dollars HK ), and Singapore Dollars S ), respectively.
As of December 31, 2021, cash of the Group includes, on an as converted basis to US dollars, , and , in Hong Kong Dollars HK ), and Singapore Dollars S ), respectively. 

leasehold improvement 

by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the Group is exposed to risk due
to its concentration of cash in foreign countries. The Group places its cash with financial institutions with high-credit ratings and
quality. 

of being sustained. Interest and penalties on income taxes will be classified as a component of the provisions for income
taxes. The Group did not recognize any income tax due to uncertain tax position or incur any interest and penalties related to potential
underpaid income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, respectively. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded other comprehensive loss from a translation loss of in the consolidated
financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded other comprehensive loss from a translation gain of
 in the consolidated financial statements. 

 and ), respectively. 

Accrued professional fees 

Other including receipt in advance from customer 

Other including receipt in advance from customer related party 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Discontinued operations 

Accrued professional fees 
 - 

Total 
 - 

- 
 
 Computer equipment 

Total cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation # 
 
 - 
 
 Leasehold improvement # 
 
 - 
 
 Computer equipment # 

Total accumulated depreciation # 

NBV at the end of year 

Leasehold improvement 
 
 - 
 
 Computer equipment 

Total NBV 

# and , respectively, of which and 0 were booked under cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, and and were booked under general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Income tax at statutory rate 

Items not taxable for tax purposes 

Items not deductible for tax purposes 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Deferred income tax assets/(liabilities): 

Operating loss carry forwards 

Fair value adjustment on investment 
 
 - 

- 

Unrealized
 exchange (gain)/loss 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total deferred (liabilities) assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

On
December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into legislation, lowering the corporate income tax rate to effective January
1, 2018 and making many other significant changes to the US income tax code. Under ASC740, the effects of changes in tax rates and laws
are recognized in the period in which the new legislation is enacted. 

The
Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax assets for period ended December 31, 2022 because it is not presently
known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carry-forwards. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately in tax loss carry-forwards that can be utilized in future periods to reduce
taxable income. The Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties
for unrecognized tax benefits. 

The
federal income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS, generally for three years after they are filed. The
tax returns for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are still subject to examination by the taxing authorities. 

billion shares of common stock and million shares of preferred stock. The authorized share capital
of the Company s common stock was increased from million to billion on May 5, 2017. Both share types have a par value.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had issued and outstanding, of common stock, and shares of preferred stock. 

Common
Shares: 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, dated October 15, 2014, the Company issued shares of common stock to AIL. Such amount represented
 ownership in the Company. 

On
July 13, 2015, AIL acquired shares of the Company s common stock by converting outstanding loans made to the Company into
common stock of the Company at a rate of per share (rounded to the nearest full share). After such transactions AIL owned 
of the Company. 

On
March 27, 2017, the Company entered into a Loan Conversion Agreement with AIL, pursuant to which AIL agreed to convert of debt
owed by the Company to AIL into common shares at a conversion price of . The captioned shares were issued on June
9, 2017, and AIL owned of the Company after such transactions. 

On
December 20, 2018, the Board of Directors of AIL announced its intention to sell up to shares of the Company to independent
third parties at US per share for an aggregate cash consideration of up to US . The purpose of this proposed sale was to
raise funds to continue to support the general corporate and working capital of the Company, including but not limited to the operating
costs of the Company. During 2021, AIL has sold shares of the Company to independent third parties, and AIL owned of
the Company after such transactions. On August 30, 2022, Alset International Limited entered into a stock purchase with its controlling
stockholder, Alset Inc. (formerly known as Alset EHome International Inc.) in relation to the disposal of shares of the Company s
common stock, representing approximately of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company, to Alset Inc. After this
transaction, Alset Inc. became our largest stockholder. 

Preferred
Shares: 

Preferred Stock were issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares of Common Stock of the Company have been reserved for issuance
pursuant to awards under the Plan. The Plan will be administered by the Company s Board of Directors. This Plan shall terminate
ten (10) years from the date of its adoption by the Board of Directors. There have been no awards issued under the Plan as of December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares of Value Exchange International, Inc. s common stock for an aggregate subscription
price of . On October 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Chan Heng
Fai, who is the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors and the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest stockholder
of Alset Inc., the Company s majority stockholder. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company bought an aggregate of shares
of Value Exchange International, Inc. with an aggregate purchase price of . The Company recognized a gain on the purchase
of this stock of in the consolidated statement of stockholders deficit for the year ended December 31,2022 Financial assets
measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,2022
and December 31, 2021: 

- 
 - 

Total Investment in securities at Fair Value 
 
 - 
 - 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Fair Value 

Fair Value Measurement Using 
 Amount at 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Fair Value 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Asset 

Investment Securities Fair Value 
 
 - 
 - 

Total Investment in securities at Fair Value 
 
 - 
 - 

shares
of the Company s common stock, representing approximately of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company,
to Alset Inc. After this transaction, Alset Inc. became our largest stockholder. Chan Heng Fai, the Chairman of the Company s Board
of Directors, is also the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Alset Inc. s Board, as well as the majority stockholder of Alset
Inc. Lui Wai Leung Alan, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, is also the Co-Chief Financial Officer of Alset Inc. Chan Heng
Fai is compensated by Alset Inc. and Alset International Limited. Lui Wai Leung Alan is compensated by Alset International Limited. Our
Chief Executive Officer, Lee Wang Kei, is paid per month by HotApp International Limited, a subsidiary of the Company. Alset Inc.
has provided staff to our Company without charge since becoming our majority stockholder. 

The
Company sold one of its subsidiaries, HWH World Pte. Limited, to Health Wealth Happiness Pte. Ltd (a subsidiary of former majority stockholder
Alset International Limited) for consideration of S on April 18, 2022. The Company has acquired a company, Hapi Cafe Limited, from
Chan Heng Fai (the majority stockholder of Alset Inc.) for consideration of S on September 5, 2022. Hapi Cafe is a coffee shop chain
initiative in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan consisting of a four-in-one concept, comprising a coffee shop, co-working place, travel, and
metaverse show case. Hapi Metaverse technology will be utilized by the Hapi Cafe membership program. 

The
Company has a project with an affiliate (a subsidiary of Value Exchange International, Inc.) that commenced in 2022. Value Exchange
International, Inc. provides IT services and solutions for customers in Asia, covering Helpdesk, Managed Operations, Systems
Integration, and Consulting Services. The project has generated revenue of ,
a receivable including customer s deposit and prepayment of 
and a payable of 
from the affiliate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has an amount due to Alset Inc of ,
Alset International Limited of ,
an amount due to fellow subsidiaries of ,
an amount due to director of plus an amount due to an associated company of Alset International Limited of .
As of December 31, 2021, the Company had an amount due to Alset International Limited of 
plus an amount due to an associated company of Alset International Limited of . The above amounts due to related parties were interest free and no repayment schedule and deadline have been adopted. 

shares in HWH World
Pte. Limited, representing of the share capital of HWH World Pte. Limited, for a consideration amount of S . The shares were
disposed to Health Wealth Happiness Pte. Ltd, a subsidiary of Alset International Limited. 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

The
aggregate financial results of discontinued operations were as follows: 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Income (Loss) from operations 

Income (Loss) from discontinued operations 

generated in a business combination represents
the purchase price of in excess of identifiable tangible and intangible assets. Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite
useful life are not amortized. Instead they are reviewed periodically for impairment. 

The
Company evaluates goodwill on an annual basis in the fourth quarter or more frequently if management believes indicators of impairment
exist. Such indicators could include, but are not limited to (1) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in business climate,
(2) unanticipated competition, or (3) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. The Company first assesses qualitative factors
to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill.
If management concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, management
conducts a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The impairment test involves comparing the fair value of the applicable reporting unit
with its carrying value. The Company estimates the fair values of its reporting units using a combination of the income, or discounted
cash flows, approach and the market approach, which utilizes comparable companies data. If the carrying amount of a reporting
unit exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the
total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The Company s evaluation of goodwill completed during the year resulted
in no impairment losses. 

Total purchase consideration 

Purchase Price Allocation 

Assets acquired 

Current assets 

Property and Equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Current liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

Accrued taxes 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total purchase consideration 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

years, with a weighted-average discount rate of the . 

The
current portion of operating lease liabilities and the non-current portion of operating lease liabilities are presented on the balance
sheets. Total lease expenses amounted to and which was included in general and administrative expenses in the statements of
operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total cash paid for operating leases amounted to and
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and ,2021, respectively. Supplemental balance sheet information related to operating leases
was as follows (in ): 

Lease liabilities - current 

Lease liabilities - non-current 

Total lease liabilities 

2024 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Maximum Credit Line with simple interest accrued on any advances of the money
under the Credit Agreement at . The principal amount of any advance of money under the Credit Agreement (each being referred to as
an Advance is due in a lump sum, balloon payment on the third annual anniversary of the date of the Advance Advance
Maturity Date ). Accrued and unpaid interest on any Advance is due and payable on a semi-annual basis with interest payments due
on the last business day of June and last business day of December of each year. A Lender may demand that any portion or all of the unpaid
principal amount of any Advance as well as accrued and unpaid interest thereon may be paid by shares of Value Exchange Common Stock in
lieu of cash payment. 

Value
Exchange must request Advances from the Lenders. Either Lender may elect to separately, fully fund the Advance, or both Lenders may jointly
elect to fund the Advance based on Lenders agreement on the portion of the Advance to be funded by each Lender. Lenders may severally
or jointly reject any request for an Advance and neither Lender has an obligation to fund any Advance under the Credit Agreement. Accordingly,
the Company will determine how much to loan to Value Exchange pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 

The
Credit Agreement grants conversion rights to each Lender. Each Advance shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Value
Exchange Common Stock at the option of the Lender who made that Advance (being referred to as a Conversion ), at any time
and from time to time, at a price per share equal the Conversion Price (as defined below). The Conversion Price for a Conversion
shall be the average closing price of the Value Exchange Common Stock for the three (3) consecutive trading days prior to date of the
Notice of Conversion. The Lenders shall also have certain conversion rights upon a change of control of Value Exchange, or a breach of
the Credit Agreement by Value Exchange. 

In
the event that a Lender elects to convert any portion of an Advance into shares of Value Exchange Common Stock in lieu of cash payment
in satisfaction of that Advance, then Value Exchange would issue to the Lender five (5) detachable warrants for each share of Value Exchange
Common Stock issued in a Conversion Warrants ). Each Warrant will entitle the Lender to purchase one (1) share of Common
Stock at a per-share exercise price equal to the Conversion Price. The exercise period of each Warrant will be five (5) years from date
of issuance of the Warrant. 

Our
Chairman, Chan Heng Fai, and another member of our Board of Directors, Lum Kan Fai, are both members of the Board of Directors of Value
Exchange. In addition to Mr. Chan, two other members of the Board of Directors of our majority stockholder, Alset Inc., are also members
of the Board of Directors of Value Exchange (Mr. Wong Shui Yeung and Mr. Wong Tat Keung). The Company currently owns a total of 
shares (representing of Value Exchange. 

On
February 23, 2023, the Company and Alset Inc., a Texas corporation (NASDAQ: AEI) Alset entered into a Subscription Agreement (the Subscription Agreement ). Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Company
has borrowed (the Loan Amount from Alset in exchange for a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note ).
The term of the Note is three years with simple interest at a rate of percent per annum. Alset may require repayment upon 30 days 
notice. The Company shall be entitled to repay all or any portion of the Loan Amount to Alset early and without penalty. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In
connection with the preparation of our Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

38 

During
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 conducted as part of our annual audit and preparation of our
annual financial statements, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls
and procedures and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective for those reasons set forth below. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements included in this annual report. The financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and reflect management s
judgment and estimates concerning effects of events and transactions that are accounted for or disclosed. 

Management
is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to our ability to record, process, summarize and report reliable data.
Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control over financial reporting, including
the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of internal control. Accordingly, even effective internal control
over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement presentation. Further, because of
changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 

In
order to ensure that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, management regularly assesses controls and did so most
recently for its financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over
financial reporting described in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO)
of the Treadway Commission. In connection with management s evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management determined that the Company did not maintain effective controls over financial
reporting due to limited staff with U.S. GAAP and SEC Reporting experience. Management determined that the ineffective controls over
financial reporting constitute a material weakness. 

This
annual report filed on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in
this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
continue taking steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal controls over financial reporting. During the period covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not been able to completely remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate
such weaknesses, we plan to appoint qualified personnel to establish an audit committee with financial accounting, GAAP, and SEC experience. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
That Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

39 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Identification
of directors and officers 

The
following table sets forth the name and age of officers and director as of the date hereof. Our executive officers are elected annually
by our board of directors. Our executive officers hold their offices until they resign, are removed by the Board, or his successor is
elected and qualified. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Chan
 Heng Fai 
 
 78 
 
 Executive
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Lee
 Wang Kei 
 
 32 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Lum
 Kan Fai 
 
 60 
 
 Vice
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Lui
 Wai Leung Alan 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

On
October 21, 2014, the Company reported under Form 8-K the Sale Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement with Alset
International Limited, formerly known as Singapore eDevelopment Limited, a Singapore exchange listed company, dated October 15, 2014.
The Purchase Agreement also granted AIL the right to nominate one member to the Company s Board of Directors. 

The
mailing address for each of the officers and directors named above is c/o the Company at: 4800 Montgomery Lane, Suite 210, Bethesda,
Maryland 20814. 

Business
Experience 

Mr. Chan has served as a Director since October
of 2014, as the Executive Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors since December of 2017, and the Acting Chief Executive Officer
from August of 2018 until September of 2019. Mr. Chan previously served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer from December of
2014 until June of 2017. Mr. Chan is an expert in banking and finance, with 45 years of experience in these industries. He has also restructured
numerous companies in various industries and countries during the past 40 years. Mr. Chan has served as the Chief Executive Officer of
Alset International Limited, a diversified holding company listed on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited,
since April 2014, and has served as a director of that company since May of 2013. Since March, 2018, Mr. Chan has served as a Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Alset Inc., a Nasdaq listed company. Mr. Chan has also served as the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp., a Nasdaq listed company, since October 2021. Mr. Chan has served as a member of the Board
of Directors of LiquidValue Development Inc. since January of 2017, and has served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of LiquidValue Development
Inc. since December of 2017. He has served as a non-executive director of DSS, Inc., an NYSE listed company, since January 2017 and as
Chairman of the Board since March of 2019. Mr. Chan has also served as a non-executive director of Holista CollTech Ltd., an ASX listed
company, since July 2013 and has served as a director of Vivacitas Oncology Inc. since May of 2017. Mr. Chan has served as a director
of OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. and Optimum Bank since June 2018. Mr. Chan has served as a member of the Board of Value Exchange International
Inc. since December of 2021. 

Mr.
Chan s previous experiences include serving as Managing Chairman of ZH International Holdings Limited (formerly known as Heng Fai
Enterprises Limited), an investment holding company listed on the HKSE, from 1992 to 2015. Mr. Chan was formerly the Managing Director
of SingHaiyi Group Ltd., a property development, investment and management company listed on the Singapore Exchange Mainboard, from November
2003 to September 2013, and the Executive Chairman of China Gas Holdings Limited, a Hong Kong listed investor and operator of city gas
pipeline infrastructure in China from 1997 to 2002. Mr. Chan served on the Board of RSI International Systems, Inc., the developer of
RoomKeyPMS, a web based property management system, from June 2014 to February 2019. 

Mr.
Chan has also served as a director of Global Medical REIT Inc., a healthcare facility real estate company, from December 2013 to July
2015. He was a director of American Housing REIT Inc. from October of 2013 to July of 2015. He served as a director of Skywest Ltd.,
a public Australian airline company from 2005 to 2006. Mr. Chan was a director of Global Med Technologies, Inc., a medical company engaged
in the design, development, marketing and support information for management software products for healthcare-related facilities, from
May 1998 until December 2005. 

40 

Director
Qualifications of Chan Heng Fai: 

The
board of directors appointed Mr. Chan in recognition of his abilities to assist the Company in expanding its business and the contributions
he can make to the Company s strategic direction. 

Mr.
Lee has served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer since September of 2020. Mr. Lee previously served as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer from December 2017 until August 2018 and served as the Company s Chief Technology Officer from June 2017
until August 2018. Mr. Lee has served as a System Architect for the Company since August of 2015, where he has helped lead the Company s
software development, and from April of 2015 to July of 2015, Mr. Lee served as a Consultant to the Company. Mr. Lee has served as Head
of Development for DSS Asia Limited since August 2018. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lee served as Software Project Manager for Appcraft
Asia from 2014-2015 and served as Software Architect for myFunboxx from 2012-2014. 

Mr.
Lum has served as a member of the Company s Board of Directors since June of 2015. Mr. Lum served as Chief Technology Officer CTO from June of 2015 until June of 2017. In June of 2017, the Company appointed Mr. Lum Kan Fai as the Company s
CEO and President, and Mr. Lum resigned as CTO. In December of 2017, Mr. Lum Kan Fai resigned as CEO and President of the Company and
was appointed as Vice Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Lum currently is the President, Digital Group of DSS, Inc. DSS ), a NYSE listed company and the President of DSS Asia, a subsidiary of DSS. Mr. Lum is responsible for P L long
term development of DSS digital product division and the Asia Pacific operations of DSS. Mr. Lum has served as a member of the Board of Value Exchange International
Inc. since May of 2021. Mr. Lum was the founder, and since 2009
has served as Chief Executive Officer, of FUNboxx Ltd. Prior to that, Mr. Lum held senior management positions with Vitop Holding, a
HK listed company, York International (Now Johnson Controls), Apple and Datacraft Asia. Mr. Lum graduated from the University of Essex
(UK) in 1985, with a first class honor degree in Computer and Communication Engineering. 

Director
Qualifications of Mr. Lum Kan Fai: 

The
board of directors appointed Mr. Lum in recognition of his extensive knowledge in information technology business and his ability to
assist in the Company s continuous growth. He has over 30 years of technology business experience in multinational corporations. 

Mr. Lui Wai Leung Alan has served as Chief
Financial Officer since May of 2016. Mr. Lui has been Chief Financial Officer of Alset International Limited, the Company s majority
stockholder, since November 2016 and served as its Acting Chief Financial Officer from June 2016 until November 2016. Since October of
2016, Mr. Lui has also served as a director of BMI Capital Partners International Ltd, a Hong Kong investment consulting company. He has
also served as a director of LiquidValue Asset Management Pte Limited (formerly known as Hengfai Asset Management Pte. Ltd.), a Singapore
fund management company, since April, 2018. Mr. Lui has served as Co-Chief Financial Officer of LiquidValue Development Inc. since December
2017. Mr. Lui has served a Co-Chief Financial Officer of Alset Inc., a Nasdaq listed company, since March 2018. From June of 1997 through
March of 2016, Mr. Lui served in various executive roles at ZH International Holdings Ltd. (a Hong Kong-listed company formerly known
as Heng Fai Enterprises Ltd), including as Financial Controller. Mr. Lui oversaw the financial and management reporting and focusing on
its financing operations, treasury investment and management. He has extensive experience in financial reporting, taxation and financial
consultancy and management in Hong Kong. Mr. Lui is a Certified Practicing Accountant in Australia and received a Bachelor s Degree
in Business Administration from the Hong Kong Baptist University in 1993. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Not
Applicable. 

41 

Corporate
Governance 

Board
of Directors 

The
varying business experience of each of our directors led to the conclusion that each such party should be a member of our Board of Directors.
The minimum number of directors we are authorized to have is one and the maximum is eight. In no event may we have less than one director. 

Directors
on our Board of Directors are elected for one-year terms and serve until the next annual security holders meeting or until their
death, resignation, retirement, removal, disqualification, or until a successor has been elected and qualified. All officers are appointed
annually by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. Currently, directors receive no compensation for their services
on our Board. 

All
directors will be reimbursed by us for any accountable expenses incurred in attending directors meetings provided that we have
the resources to pay these fees. We will consider applying for officers and directors liability insurance at such time when we
have the resources to do so. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Concurrent
with having sufficient members and resources, our Board of Directors intends to establish an audit committee and a compensation committee.
The audit committee will review the results and scope of the audit and other services provided by the independent auditors and review
and evaluate the system of internal controls. The compensation committee will review and recommend compensation arrangements for the
officers and employees. No final determination has yet been made as to the memberships of these committees or when we will have sufficient
members to establish committees. We believe that we will need a minimum of three independent directors to have effective committee systems. 

As
of the date hereof, we have not established any Board committees. 

Family
Relationships 

No
family relationship exists between any director, executive officer, or any person contemplated to become such. 

Director
Independence 

In
light of the relationships between certain members of our Board and our majority stockholder, none of the members of our management can
be deemed to be independent. Our board of directors has voluntarily adopted the corporate governance standards defining the independence
of our directors imposed by the NASDAQ Capital Market s requirements for independent directors pursuant to Rule 5605(a)(2) of the
Marketplace Rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. 

Potential
Conflicts 

None
of the members of our management work for the Company on a full-time basis. Both our Executive Chairman and our Chief Financial Officer
are employed by our largest stockholder, Alset International Limited, formerly known as Singapore Development Limited, and their services
are being temporarily provided to us at no cost. Certain conflicts of interest may arise between us and our officer(s) and director(s)
in that they may have other business interests in the future to which they devote their attention, and they may be expected to continue
to do so although management time must also be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise that can be resolved
only through their exercise of such judgment as is consistent with each officer s understanding of his/her fiduciary duties to
us. 

We
will seek to add additional officer(s) and/or director(s) as and when the proper personnel are located and terms of employment are mutually
negotiated and agreed, and we have sufficient capital resources and cash flow to make such offers. 

We
cannot provide assurances that our efforts to eliminate the potential impact of conflicts of interest will be effective. 

42 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time
 of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offences); 

been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities,
 futures, commodities or banking activities; 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading
 Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; and 

been
 subject or a party to or any other disclosable event required by Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
currently do not have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We intend to adopt one in the immediate future. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table for 2022 and 2021 

The
following table presents summary information regarding the total compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each of the named executive
officers for services rendered to us for the calendar years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Chan Heng Fai, Executive Chairman 
 2022 

Lee Wang Kei, CEO 
 2022 

24,000 
 24,000 
 
 Lum Kan Fai, Director, Vice Chairman 
 2022 

Sanjib Kalita (resigned on September 30, 2022) 
 2022 

Lui Wai Leung Alan, CFO 
 2022 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Chan Heng Fai, Executive Chairman 
 2021 

Lee Wang Kei, CEO 
 2021 

24,000 
 24,000 
 
 Lum Kan Fai, Director, Vice Chairman 
 2021 

Sanjib Kalita 
 2021 

Lui Wai Leung Alan, CFO 
 2021 

Other
than as set forth in the table above, there has been no cash or non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to any of our officers
and directors since inception. On July 30, 2018, the Company adopted the Equity Incentive Plan intended to encourage ownership of Shares
by Employees and directors of and certain consultants to the Company in order to attract and retain such people, to induce them to work
for the benefit of the Company. 

43 

Director
Compensation 

Our
directors will not receive a fee for attending each board of directors meeting or meeting of a committee of the board of directors. All
directors will be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending board of director and
committee meetings. 

Employment
Agreements 

As
of the date of this report, the Company has not entered into any employment arrangement with any director or officer, except for our
Chief Executive Officer, Lee Wang Kei. Mr. Lee is paid 2,000 per month by HotApp International Limited, a subsidiary of the Company. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of March 29, 2023 with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock, the
sole outstanding class of our voting securities, by (i) any person or group owning more than 5 of each class of voting securities, (ii)
each director, (iii) each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table in the section entitled Executive Compensation 
above and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. As March 29, 2023, we had 506,898,576 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power over
securities. Except in cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each
stockholder identified in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as beneficially
owned by the stockholder. 

Shares
of common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Form
10-K are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Name and Address (1) 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage Owned 
 
 Greater than 5 Holders 

Alset Inc. (2) 
 505,341,376 
 99.693 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Chan Heng Fai (3) 
 505,341,376 
 99.693 
 
 Lee Wang Kei 
 0 
 0 
 
 Lum Kan Fai 
 0 
 0 
 
 Lui Wai Leung Alan 
 0 
 0 
 
 All directors and officers as a group (4 persons) 

(1) 

Unless
otherwise stated, the address is 4800 Montgomery Lane, Suite 210, Bethesda MD 20814, the address of the Company 

(2) 
 The
 address is: 4800 Montgomery Lane, Suite 210, Bethesda, Maryland. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr. Chan, as the Chief Executive Officer of Alset International Limited is deemed to be the beneficial owner of those shares owned by
Alset International Limited. Alset International Limited s majority stockholder is a subsidiary of Alset Inc., a Nasdaq-listed company.
Mr. Chan is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Alset Inc. Directly and through an entity he owns, Mr. Chan is the largest stockholder
of Alset Inc. 

44 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

AIL is the Company s majority stockholder. Chan
Heng Fai, the Executive Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, is also the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AIL. In
addition, Mr. Chan is also the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest stockholder of Alset Inc., which is the majority stockholder
of AIL. Lui Wai Leung Alan, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, is also the Chief Financial Officer of AIL and the Co-Chief Financial
Officer of Alset Inc. As of the date of this report, the Company has not entered into any employment arrangement with any director or
officer, except for our Chief Executive Officer, Lee Wang Kei. Mr. Lee is paid 2,000 per month by HotApp International Limited, a subsidiary
of the Company. 

On
December 31, 2014, the Company owed Alset International Limited (AIL), its majority stockholder, 4,428,438. This amount reflects a loan
of 50,000 and the US equivalent of S 5,702,500. It also includes 32,574 in payments made by AIL on behalf of the Company. On December
28, 2014, AIL loaned the Company under a promissory note (the Note 3,988,831 (S 5,250,533.93). The Note is non-interest
bearing and matures on June 25, 2015. The Note has no prepayment penalty. The other loans and expenses covered by AIL for the benefit
of the Company are not covered under a loan document. 

On
July 13, 2015, the Company entered into a Loan Conversion Agreement with AIL, pursuant to which AIL converted outstanding loans made
to the Company into common stock of the Company at a rate of 5.00 per share (rounded to the nearest full share). The total amount converted
consists of outstanding principal in the amount of 5,250,554 Singapore Dollars or 3,888,437 USD as of exchange rate on July 10, 2015,
which amount was evidenced by a promissory note in favor of AIL effective December 28, 2014 AIL Promissory Note ). The
principal amount of 3,888,437 was converted to common stock of the Company, and in exchange, AIL received 777,687 shares of common stock
of the Company. The other loans and expenses covered by AIL for the benefit of the Company are not covered under a loan document. 

On
March 25, 2015, HotApp BlockChain Pte. Ltd., formerly known as HotApps International Pte Ltd. HIP acquired 100 of issued
share capital in HotApp International Limited, a Hong Kong company, for a cash consideration of HK 1.00 from Mr. Chan Heng Fai, a substantial
stockholder and the Company s Chairman and former CEO. HotApp International Limited is a corporation incorporated in Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China with a total issued share capital of HK 1.00 represented by one
(1) issued share at HK 1.00 each. The consideration of the acquisition was based on the issued share capital of HotApp International
Limited, which is principally engaged in the sales and marketing of mobile application. HotApp International Limited was dormant and
has a net equity deficiency of HK 5,456 due to incorporation expenses as at the date of acquisition. 

On
January 25, 2017, the Company entered into an Agreement for Services with iGalen International Inc. iGalen ), a company
specializing in dietary supplements, to provide iGalen with a mobile enterprise resource planning platform Mobile App for iGalen s members. Under the terms of the agreement, iGalen, a U.S.-based network marketing company which was 53 owned by AIL,
agreed to share 3 of its entire annual global revenue with the Company for the financial year ending December 31, 2017. In exchange,
the Company assumed responsibility for maintaining and upgrading the Mobile App platform, as well as providing the required cloud infrastructure.
The Company agreed to absorb the cost of development of the Mobile App, and agreed not to charge individual members for use of the Mobile
App s standard functions. 

45 

On
March 27, 2017, the Company entered into a Loan Conversion Agreement with AIL, pursuant to which AIL agreed to convert 450,890 of debt
owed by the Company to AIL into 500,988,889 common shares at a conversion price of 0.0009. The captioned shares were issued on June
9, 2017, and AIL owned 99.979 of the Company after such transactions. 

On
December 20, 2018, the Board of Directors of AIL announced its intention to sell up to 3,200,000 shares of the Company to independent
third parties at US 0.50 per share for an aggregate cash consideration of up to US 1,600,000. The purpose of this proposed sale was to
raise funds to continue to support the general corporate and working capital of the Company, including but not limited to the operating
costs of the Company. As of December 31, 2021, AIL has sold 1,449,200 shares of the Company to independent third parties, and AIL owned
99.693 of the Company after such transactions. 

On
March 27, 2017, AIL and the Company entered into a Preferred Stock Cancellation Agreement, by which AIL agreed to cancel its 13,800,000
shares of Perpetual Preferred Stock issued by the Company. On June 8, 2017, a Certificate of Retirement for 13,800,000 shares of the
Perpetual Preferred Stock has been filed with the office of Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

On
October 25, 2018, HotApp BlockChain Pte. Ltd., formerly known as HotApps International Pte. Ltd. HIP entered into an
Equity Purchase Agreement with DSS Asia Limited DSS Asia ), a Hong Kong subsidiary of DSS International Inc. DSS
International ), pursuant to which HIP agreed to sell to DSS Asia all of the issued and outstanding shares of HotApps Information
Technology Co. Ltd., also known as Guangzhou HotApps Technology Ltd. Guangzhou HotApps ). Guangzhou HotApps was a wholly
owned subsidiary of HIP, which was primarily engaged in engineering work for software development, mainly voice over internet protocol.
Guangzhou HotApps was also involved in a number of outsourcing projects, including projects related to real estate and lighting. 

The
parties to the Equity Purchase Agreement agreed that the purchase price for this transaction would be 100,000, which would be paid in
the form of a two-year, interest free, unsecured, demand promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000, and that such note would
be due and payable in full in two years. The closing of the Equity Purchase Agreement was subject to certain conditions; these conditions
were met and the transaction closed on January 14, 2019. 

Mr.
Chan Heng Fai is the Executive Chairman and a Member of the Board of Directors of the Company. He is also the Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of Alset International Limited, the majority stockholder of the Company. Mr. Chan is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer
and largest stockholder of Alset Inc., Alset International Limited s majority stockholder. Mr. Chan is also
the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of DSS International and a significant stockholder and Executive Chairman of the Board of DSS,
Inc., which is the sole owner of DSS International. Lum Kan Fai, a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, is also an employee
of DSS International. 

Acquisition of Additional Value Exchange Securities 

On October 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Stock
Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Chan Heng Fai, who is the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors and
the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest stockholder of Alset Inc., the Company s majority stockholder. Pursuant to the
Agreement, the Company bought an aggregate of 7,276,163 shares of VEII for the following purchase prices: (i) 1,733,079.12 for 7,221,163
shares, representing a price of .24 per share; (ii) 2,314 for 10,000 shares, representing a price of .2314 per share; (iii) 5,015
for 25,000 shares, representing a price of .2006 per share; and (iv) 3,326 for 20,000 shares, representing a price of .1663 per share.
Collectively, these purchases represent an aggregate purchase price of 1,743,734.12 for 7,276,163 shares of VEII. Such purchase prices
were negotiated between the parties to the Agreement. 

Mr. Chan and another member of our Board of Directors,
Lum Kan Fai Vincent, are both members of the Board of Directors of VEII. In addition to Mr. Chan, two other members of the Board of Directors
of Alset Inc. are also members of the Board of Directors of VEII (Mr. Wong Shui Yeung and Mr. Wong Tat Keung). Following the acquisitions
of shares pursuant to the Agreement, the Company now owns a total of 13,776,163 shares of VEII. 

Convertible Credit Agreement 

On January 27, 2023, the Company and American Wealth
Mining Corp. AWMC, and together with the Company, the Lenders entered into a Convertible Credit Agreement
(the Credit Agreement with VEII. The Credit Agreement provides VEII with a maximum credit line of 1,500,000 Maximum
Credit Line with simple interest accrued on any advances of the money under the Credit Agreement at 8 . The principal amount of
any advance of money under the Credit Agreement (each being referred to as an Advance is due in a lump sum, balloon payment
on the third annual anniversary of the date of the Advance Advance Maturity Date ). Accrued and unpaid interest on any Advance
is due and payable on a semi-annual basis with interest payments due on the last business day of June and last business day of December
of each year. A Lender may demand that any portion or all of the unpaid principal amount of any Advance as well as accrued and unpaid
interest thereon may be paid by shares of VEII Common Stock in lieu of cash payment. 

VEII must request Advances from the Lenders. Either
Lender may elect to separately, fully fund the Advance, or both Lenders may jointly elect to fund the Advance based on Lenders 
agreement on the portion of the Advance to be funded by each Lender. Lenders may severally or jointly reject any request for an Advance
and neither Lender has an obligation to fund any Advance under the Credit Agreement. Accordingly, the Company will determine how much
to loan to VEII pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 

The Credit Agreement grants conversion rights to each
Lender. Each Advance shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of VEII Common Stock at the option of the Lender who made
that Advance (being referred to as a Conversion ), at any time and from time to time, at a price per share equal the Conversion
Price (as defined below). The Conversion Price for a Conversion shall be the average closing price of the VEII Common Stock for
the three (3) consecutive trading days prior to date of the Notice of Conversion. The Lenders shall also have certain conversion rights
upon a change of control of VEII, or a breach of the Credit Agreement by VEII. 

In the event that a Lender elects to convert any portion
of an Advance into shares of VEII Common Stock in lieu of cash payment in satisfaction of that Advance, then VEII would issue to the Lender
five (5) detachable warrants for each share of VEII Common Stock issued in a Conversion Warrants ). Each Warrant will entitle
the Lender to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock at a per-share exercise price equal to the Conversion Price. The exercise period
of each Warrant will be five (5) years from date of issuance of the Warrant. 

Loan from Alset Inc. 

On February 23, 2023, the Company and Alset Inc.,
a Texas corporation (NASDAQ: AEI) Alset entered into a Subscription Agreement (the Subscription Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Company has borrowed 1,400,000.00 (the Loan Amount from Alset in exchange
for a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note ). The term of the Note is three years with simple interest at a rate of 8 percent
per annum. Alset may require repayment upon 30 days notice. The Company shall be entitled to repay all or any portion of the Loan
Amount to Alset early and without penalty. 

Alset Inc. is our largest stockholder. Our Chairman,
Chan Heng Fai, is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and majority stockholder of Alset Inc. Our Chief Financial Officer, Lui Wai Leung
Alan, is also the Co-Chief Financial Officer of Alset Inc. 

We
believe that the foregoing transactions were in our best interests. Consistent with Section 144 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
it is our current policy that all transactions between us and our officers, directors and their affiliates will be entered into only
if such transactions are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors, are approved by vote of the stockholders or are fair
to us as a corporation as of the time they were authorized, approved or ratified by the board. We will conduct an appropriate review
of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis, and, where appropriate, we will utilize our audit committee for the review of
potential conflicts of interest. 

Except
as set forth above, none of the following persons has any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction to which we are a party
since our incorporation or in any proposed transaction to which we are proposed to be a party: 

(A) 
 Any
 of our directors or officers; 

(B) 
 Any
 proposed nominee for election as our director; 

(C) 
 Any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 10 of the voting rights attached to our common stock;
 or 

(D) 
 Any
 relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same house as such person or who
 is a director or officer of any parent or subsidiary of our Company. 

46 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
following table indicates the fees paid by us for services performed for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 61,650 
 74,365 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 15,413 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total 
 77,063 
 74,365 

Audit
Fees . This category includes the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by the independent auditors during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for the audit of our financial statements and review of previous years 
Form 10-Qs. 

Tax
Fees . This category includes the aggregate fees billed for tax services rendered in the preparation of our federal and state
income tax returns. 

All
Other Fees . This category includes the aggregate fees billed for all other services, exclusive of the fees disclosed above, rendered
during the year ended December 31,2022 and December 31, 2021. 

47 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) 
 List of Financial Statements included in Part II hereof: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholder Equity (Deficit) for the Period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(a)(2) 
 List of Financial Statement schedules included in Part IV hereof: 

None 

(a)(3) 
 Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are included herewith: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 21, 2014). 

3.1.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2014). 

3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2017 filed on April 2, 2018). 

3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2021). 

3.1.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2023). 

3.2.1 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2017 filed on April 2, 2018). 

10.1 
 
 HotApp Blockchain Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2018). 

10.2 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 5, 2021, by Value Exchange International Inc. GigWorld Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, by and between Chan Heng Fai and the Company, dated as of October 17, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 23, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2023). 

48 

10.5 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 23, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2023). 

10.6 
 
 Convertible Credit Agreement, dated January 27, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2023). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive and Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed with this document 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

HAPI METAVERSE
INC. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lee Wang Kei 

Lee
 Wang Kei 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Lui Wai Leung, Alan 

Lui
 Wai Leung, Alan Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Lee Wang Kei 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Lee
 Wang Kei 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Lui Wai Leung, Alan 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Lui
 Wai Leung, Alan 
 
 (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Chan Heng Fai 
 
 Executive
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Chan
 Heng Fai 

/s/
 Lum Kan Fai 
 
 Vice
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Lum
 Kan Fai 

50 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
List 

Entity
 Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 

HotApp BlockChain Pte. Ltd. 

(previously known as HotApps International Pte Ltd.)

Republic of Singapore 

Gig Stablecoin Inc. (previously known as Crypto Exchange
 Inc.) 
 
 State
of Nevada, United States 

HWH World Inc. 
 
 State of Delaware, United States 

HWH World Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Republic of Singapore 

HotApp International Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Smart Reward Express Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Hapi Cafe Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

MOC HK Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Shenzhen Leyouyou Catering Management Co., Ltd 
 
 People s Republic of China 

Hapi Metaverse Inc. 
 
 State of Texas, United States 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to 

 Rules
13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 as
Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Lee Wang Kei, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hapi Metaverse Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lee Wang Kei 

Lee
 Wang Kei 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to 

 Rules
13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 as
Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Lui Wai Leung, Alan certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hapi Metaverse Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lui Wai Leung, Alan 

Lui
 Wai Leung, Alan 

Chief
Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hapi Metaverse Inc. (the Company for the twelve month period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officers
hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of his or her knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
 and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lee Wang Kei 

Lee
 Wang Kei 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lui Wai Leung, Alan 

Lui
 Wai Leung, Alan 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 gigw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 gigw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 gigw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 gigw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

