<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1841125_0001213900-23-024827.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4599721</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>332778</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>914058</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>978017</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1186583</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1057493</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024827.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330192132
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024827
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Golden Arrow Merger Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841125
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				861256660
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40223
		FILM NUMBER:		23782327

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 E. 53RD STREET
		STREET 2:		13TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-430-2214

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 E. 53RD STREET
		STREET 2:		13TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024827.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_goldenarrow.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
(Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol (s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Stock Market LLC Warrants to purchase one share of Class A common stock GAMCW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Units, each consisting of one share of Class
A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant GAMCU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive
officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the shares of Class A common stock of
the registrant (based upon the closing price of the registrant s Class A common stock at that date as reported by The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC), excluding outstanding shares beneficially owned by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, was . 

As of March 27, 2023, there were shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 46 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 46 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 47 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 51 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 52 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 52 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 58 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 58 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 60 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 62 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 63 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 64 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 65 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or unless the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended
 and restated certificate of incorporation are to our certificate of incorporation
 in effect as of the date hereof; 

common
 stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock; 

equity-linked
 securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable
 or exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock issued in a financing transaction
 in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private
 placement of equity or debt; 

founder
 shares are to shares of our Class B common stock and, if and when applicable, the
 shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof; 

Golden
 Arrow, we, us, our or the company 
 are to Golden Arrow Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation; 

initial
 stockholders are to our sponsor and the other holders of our founder shares prior
 to our initial public offering; 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

private
 placement warrants are to the warrants issued in a private placement simultaneously
 with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public
 shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our
 initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter
 in the open market); 

public
 stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers
 and directors to the extent our sponsor, officers or directors purchase public shares, provided
 that each of their status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect
 to such public shares; 

public
 warrants are to (1) our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial
 public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter
 in the open market) and (2) any private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion
 of working capital loans that are transferred to third parties that are not our sponsor or
 its permitted transferees following the consummation of our initial business combination; 

sponsor 
 are to Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; and 

warrants 
 are to our public warrants and private placement warrants, as well as any warrants issued
 upon conversion of working capital loans upon consummation of our initial business combination,
 collectively. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report are forward-looking in nature. Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, 
 might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements
about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 expectations regarding recent opportunities and future trends in the healthcare and healthcare-related
 infrastructure industries; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from
 the recent COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions,
 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, geopolitical unrest, natural disasters or a
 significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
 opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our
 financial performance; or 

the
 other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere
 in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the Securities Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ). 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

iii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General 

We
are a blank check company formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual
Report as our initial business combination. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector, or geography,
we have initially focused our search on identifying a prospective target business in the healthcare or healthcare-related infrastructure
industries in the United States and other developed countries. 

In January 2021, our sponsor purchased 7,187,500 founder shares for
a capital contribution of 25,000. In February 2021, our sponsor transferred 35,000 founder shares to each of our directors. Prior to
the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per-share purchase price
of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to us by the number of founder shares issued. Up to 937,500
founder shares were subject to forfeiture by our initial stockholders depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
option was exercised so that the number of founder shares would remain equal to 20 of our common stock after our initial public offering.
The over-allotment option was exercised in full on May 6, 2021; thus, these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. As a result of
redemptions following the Extension vote, described below, as of the date of this Annual Report, the founder shares held by our initial
stockholders represent approximately 77.4 of our outstanding shares of common stock. See Extension below for more details. 

The
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253465) for our initial public offering was declared effective by SEC on March 16, 2021.
On March 19, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 25,000,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Each unit
consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof
to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial
public offering, we consummated the private placement of 4,500,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor at a price of 1.50 per
private placement warrant, generating total gross proceeds of 6,750,000. 

On
May 6, 2021, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, resulting in our issuance of an additional 3,750,000 units
at a public offering price of 10.00 per unit. In addition, we consummated the sale of an additional 500,000 private placement warrants
at 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 750,000. After giving effect to the exercise and close of the option,
an aggregate of 28,750,000 units were issued in the initial public offering, with aggregate gross proceeds of 287,500,000. 

A total of
 287,500,000 (or 10.00 per unit sold in our initial public offering) of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the private
placement was placed in a trust account established for the benefit of our public shareholders (the trust account ), with
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and up until the Extension vote, as described below, was invested only
in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

Upon implementation of the Extension, the 21.3 million of remaining
trust funds were deposited in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank until the earlier of: (i) the completion of our initial
business combination within the required time period and (ii) the distribution of the trust account, as described below, except that interest
earned on the trust account can be released to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses up to 100,000, as applicable. 

Our units began trading on March 18, 2021 on The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC Nasdaq under the symbol GAMCU. Commencing on May 7, 2021, the shares of Class A common stock and warrants
comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq under the symbols GAMC and GAMCW, respectively. Those
units not separated continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol GAMCU. 

1 

Extension 

On March 15, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (as amended, the charter (the Charter Amendment ). The Charter Amendment
extended the date by which we have to consummate a business combination (the Extension for an additional nine months, from
March 19, 2023 (the Termination Date to up to December 19, 2023 by electing to extend the date to consummate an initial
business combination on a monthly basis for up to nine times by an additional one month each time after the Termination Date, until December
19, 2023 or a total of up to nine months after the Termination Date, or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors (the
 Board ), unless the closing of our initial business combination shall have occurred, which we refer to as the Extension, 
and such later date, the Extended Date , provided that the Sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted designees) will deposit
into the trust account an amount determined by multiplying 0.03 by the number of public shares then outstanding, up to a maximum of 105,000
for each such one-month extension unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred, in exchange
for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination (each, an Extension Payment. 

In connection with the votes to approve the Extension, the holders
of 26,649,519 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately
 10.16 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 270,869,315, leaving approximately 21,349,573 in the trust account. 

On March 16, 2023, our sponsor
voluntarily converted the 7,047,500 shares of Class B common stock it held into 7,047,500 shares of Class A common
stock in accordance with our charter (the Conversion ). Following the implementation of the Extension and the Conversion,
we had 9,147,981 shares of Class A common stock outstanding and 140,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. As of the date of
this Annual Report, the founder shares held by our initial stockholders represent approximately 77.4 of our outstanding shares of common
stock. 

Members of our team have deployed billions of dollars of equity capital
buying and building industry-leading businesses and have developed a vast network of relationships with entrepreneurs, corporate executives,
consultants, bankers, and other advisors who seek out the partnership of our management team when embarking on significant capital investment
or potential change-of-control transactions. Our team has built proprietary networks and relationships that allow us to source transactions
that are not broadly marketed. We use the same criteria that have guided our successful collective investment histories in underwriting,
analyzing, and structuring a prospective transaction. We consider various types of companies that are appropriate for this particular
corporate structure when assessing potential opportunities. 

Our
Management Team 

We
are led by an experienced team of managers, operators, and investors bound by shared insight. Combining our strong idiosyncratic views
developed over decades of experience, we believe we are uniquely qualified to identify and successfully merge with a valuable target
company. 

For
more information about our management team, See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of this Annual Report. 

Competitive
Advantage 

The
network, sourcing, valuation, diligence, and execution capabilities of our management team, sponsor and advisors should provide us what
we believe to be a significant and attractive pipeline of opportunities from which to evaluate and select a target business that will
benefit from our collective expertise. We capitalize on the following competitive advantages in our pursuit of target assets: 

Extensive
 Private and Public Investing Experience . Our team is comprised of individuals
 who have extensive private equity, crossover, and public equities experience. We leverage
 the structuring and asset management expertise as well as the public markets insights of
 our team in identifying and executing potential business combinations. Mr. Babich has 20
 years of investing and operating experience in the healthcare sector. In late 2020, Mr. Babich
 merged two Ambulatory Surgery Center software businesses, which created the leading modern
 software suite for the fast-growing ASC market. Mr. Doft, as CEO of Highline Capital, has
 been investing in healthcare companies in both public and private markets for more than 25
 years, and has participated in several earlier stage private financings, including the creation
 of special purpose vehicles to facilitate profitable private investments in both Novocure
 and Passage Bio. Mr. Rechtschaffen, both personally and as CEO of AREX Capital and at
 his prior firms, has been investing in healthcare companies in both public and private markets
 for nearly two decades, including early-stage investments in Ambulnz, a leading provider
 of mobile medical services and transportation, and Veridikal, a leading provider of software-driven
 analytics and audit services to healthcare companies. Mr. Hirt has led over 3 billion of
 private equity investments throughout his career, including healthcare-industry investments
 in Epax Neutraceuticals and Trygg Pharma. 

2 

Execution
 and Structuring Capability for Complex Transactions . We believe we have the
 organizational resources, significant transaction experience, and reputation required to
 effectively and efficiently source opportunities, analyze companies, negotiate and optimize
 structures, and ultimately complete an acquisition of a target company. These types of transactions
 may be complex and require creative structuring, industry knowledge and expertise, rigorous
 due diligence, and extensive negotiation and documentation. We believe that our expertise
 and experience in executing transactions with varying degrees of complexity may enhance our
 ability to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. 

Proprietary
 Sourcing and Deep Network of Industry Relationships Across Healthcare . We
 believe that our reputation, deep experience and proactive approach to sourcing transactions,
 and extensive industry relationships will continue to provide numerous investment opportunities.
 Mr. Babich s operational and managerial expertise in the healthcare space make
 him a compelling partner for healthcare companies seeking capital solutions. In addition,
 members of our board have been longtime investors in both public and private healthcare firms.
 Moreover, given the combination of Mr. Babich s and our board members long track
 records and reputations, as well as their broad and diverse networks, there will be significant
 potential for them to source new opportunities that may not be broadly marketed. 

Creating
 Long-Term Shareholder Value . Marrying a well-positioned business with the
 capital it needs is but one way we intend to create value. Our collective track record helping
 companies grow, expand margins, and tackle opportunity, as well as our significant collective
 understanding of the factors that allow public companies to be successful and well-received
 by market participants, leads us to believe that more sustained value creation beyond the
 initial transaction is possible. 

Compelling
 Thesis on Healthcare Infrastructure . Our team has extensive interactions with
 the broader economy. We have developed a specific worldview on how healthcare will evolve
 as a result of societal and economic changes. In addition, complexity associated with healthcare
 payment mechanics are well understood by the management team and provide for a deeper understanding
 of the opportunity set available to the company. We believe this viewpoint and industry perspective
 enables us to successfully source and structure potential deals as well as ultimately drive
 growth and create value through continued innovation, partnerships and relationships, among
 other growth factors. 

Industry
Opportunity 

While
we may acquire a business in any industry or sector, our focus is on the healthcare infrastructure sector in the United States and other
developed countries. We believe that the picks and shovels of healthcare is an extremely attractive opportunity given the
funding in 2020 and beyond from both the private and public sectors for healthcare and biotech companies. 

2020
was indeed the year of COVID-19. But it was also the year of funding for the healthcare industry. The combination of venture, growth,
and public financings reached historically high levels. Driven by low interest rates, change-driven innovation, and the democratization
of becoming public, up and coming healthcare companies filled their coffers with cash, ensuring many years of fully-funded research 
development and technical advances. 

3 

Concurrently,
science emerged as the real hero of 2020. The success of messenger RNA enabled vaccines to go from concept to lab to clinic to approval
in less than a year. This astonishing accomplishment led to a renewed appreciation for life sciences. It seemed as if primary issuance
of new life sciences shares occurred daily. As of the end of 2020, the life sciences industry was flush with funds like never before. 

Digital
healthcare delivery experienced similar dynamics in 2020. There was an enormous amount of new capital raised especially for those providing
services to consumers. However, the ability to bring these offerings to consumers in scale, utilize the derived data, and develop relationships
with established payers such as insurance companies and Medicare has not occurred to a material extent. The infrastructure is not in
place yet for consumers to fully move away from their established providers and established habits. 

One
key for these cutting-edge biotech or digital services companies to succeed is to stick to their core competencies which means outsourcing
non mission-critical functions to trusted outsourcing partners. From conducting clinical trials to manufacturing to revenue life cycle
management to electronic health records, life sciences and healthcare firms rely on an existing healthcare ecosystem or infrastructure
to complete their missions. In services, more often than not, innovation is digital, requiring a new infrastructure that has not existed
before in scale but is rapidly developing now. Electronic medical records, genomic sequencing, and telehealth are examples of the enormous
impact new digitally capable business models have on today s health care system. 

The
next few years will witness the dramatic leap forward in life sciences and digital health care models. Driven by both 2020 s funding
and the COVID-19 experience, these firms are poised to succeed. Moreover, the model of delivery to the patient must change. The United
States spends ~20 of its GDP on healthcare, which is significantly more than any other nation. In addition, more of this payment burden
is being placing on consumers through high deductibles and out-of-network services. The only way to maintain the high quality of healthcare
that consumers have come to expect as a birthright while flattening the curve of rising healthcare costs is through bringing the same
style of innovation that has occurred in every other sector in the economy to the infrastructure of the healthcare world. 

We
hope to identify a target, or several, that falls in the sweet spot of these important trends. 

Key
Industry Considerations 

Large
 Target Market . The healthcare industry represents an enormous target market.
 Total U.S. national health expenditure exceeded 3.5 trillion in 2018, and the Center for
 Medicare and Medicaid Services has estimated that total healthcare spending will approach
 20-25 of total U.S. Gross Domestic Product over the coming years. As of August 2019, the
 number of private companies in the healthcare industry is significant, with over 55,000 operating
 companies focused on various sub-sectors of the healthcare services continuum in the U.S.
 alone. 

Favorable
 Macro Trends . Total global healthcare expenditure has continued to grow recently
 at a pace substantially above the rate of inflation, and this growth is projected to continue,
 spurred by an aging population, increased prevalence of chronic disease, and improved access
 to healthcare. While the magnitude of healthcare spending continues to grow, this expense
 has put significant pressure on public, private, and individual payors. This dynamic has
 offered opportunities to companies that can control cost and/or improve the overall quality
 of healthcare. 

Increased
 Public Sector Spending . Events like the COVID-19 pandemic have contributed
 to increasing dislocation and rapid evolution across the healthcare landscape. This has exposed
 the lack of public healthcare infrastructure in addressing the first national pandemic in
 100 years. Similar to the response of the federal government post 9-11 we believe the next
 decade will be characterized by significantly more government spending and mandate for healthcare,
 which has bi-partisan support. This will be especially pronounced through infrastructure
 initiatives and public health data modernization. 

4 

Expansive
 Universe of Targets . We focus our investment effort broadly across the healthcare
 industry, with an emphasis on the full continuum of healthcare services, healthcare information
 technology, supply chain or business support services, medical technology, medical devices,
 and diagnostics. We believe that our investment and operating expertise in healthcare across
 multiple industry verticals give us a large, addressable universe of potential targets. The
 diversity of the target universe and the number of sub-sectors maximize the likelihood that
 the management team will be able to identify and execute an attractive transaction. 

Acquisition
Strategy 

Our
acquisition strategy is to identify and partner with a target in the healthcare infrastructure industry and to help transform that enterprise
into a successful public company. We focus on targets that may provide digital and/or physical services to key healthcare industry participants,
including services providers, device and pharmaceutical manufacturers, medical technology companies, and supply chain companies. Furthermore,
we focus on companies that are generating cost savings and improving efficiency and quality of care for the healthcare industry. 

Our
selection process leverages our deep experiences as public and private equity investors and our networks of relationships with industry
leaders, private equity and venture capital firms, strategic partners, and other service providers to give us multiple avenues to develop
acquisition opportunities. Our objective is to source the highest quality targets while avoiding competitive auction processes. Targets
may include late-stage growth companies that need sizable capital injections to aggressively capture a nascent market opportunity; family-owned
businesses seeking to facilitate generational transfer without complete monetization; business units of enterprises seeking both independence
and dedicated funding; negative cashflow growth companies; and sponsor-owned companies pursuing recapitalization. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Consistent
with our acquisition strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
prospective target businesses. We use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter
our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Attractive
 Business Model. Among the criteria that we emphasize in evaluating our acquisition targets
 are significant existing and/or potential recurring revenue streams, strong steady-state
 margins, opportunities for operational improvement, and attractive free cash flow characteristics,
 including low capital intensity and strong free cash flow conversion. 

Strong
 Competitive Position. We focus on acquisition targets that have existing demonstrable
 and sustainable competitive advantages, with a clear path to sustain and/or develop a leading
 market position in their respective industries. Furthermore, we focus on industries or niches
 that have high barriers to entry and that we believe exhibit rational competitive behaviors
 over the short, medium, and long term. 

Innovative
 Product and/or Service Offerings. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have
 innovative product and/or service offerings that serve to lower costs and improve efficiency
 and quality for customers. This may involve identifying targets with technology-driven business
 models that seek to improve or replace incumbent and/or physically-driven solutions. 

Compelling
 Growth Outlook. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for
 significant growth. The targets that we seek to focus on have large total addressable markets;
 clear secular growth drivers over the short, medium, and long term; avenues for growth from
 exploiting existing opportunities and expanding into adjacent markets and new geographies;
 and significant potential to pursue synergistic acquisitions and drive outsized inorganic
 top-line growth. 

5 

Experienced
 Management Team. We focus on target businesses that have complete, experienced management
 teams with a vision for creating a substantially larger enterprise. Furthermore, we focus
 on acquisition opportunities in which the management team of the target have substantial
 equity ownership in the newly public company and is aligned with us and incentivized to create
 long-term shareholder value. 

Benefits
 from Long-Term Sponsorship. We intend to acquire a company that we believe will benefit
 from our differentiated industry network, brand, and value creation capabilities. We seek
 to partner with a potential target s management team and anticipate that the financial
 and operational experience of our management team and board will enhance a target company s
 ability to grow and succeed as a public company. 

Benefits
 from Being a Public Company. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit
 from being a public company as a result of a lower cost of capital, an enhanced public profile,
 and the ability to use publicly-traded stock-based compensation to attract and retain employees,
 among other things. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our management
team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not
meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder
communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer
documents that we would file with the SEC. 

Our
Acquisition Process 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal
and other information that will be made available to us. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Members
of our management team directly or indirectly own our securities, and accordingly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each
of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors are from time to time made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue,
for a business combination, but we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf) contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive
discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to a business combination transaction with us. 

6 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional fiduciary, contractual or other obligations
or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which
is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor
these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such
entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. 

We
do not believe, however, that the fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

In
addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours
or may pursue other business or investment, even prior to us entering into a definitive agreement for our initial business combination.
Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination.
However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

We
will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders
may elect to redeem their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or don t
vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide
our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a
stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes
payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of our
proposed business combination or allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. If we decide to allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer, we will file
tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net
tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination and, if we seek
stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. We have
no specified maximum percentage threshold for conversions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and even those public
stockholders who vote in favor of our initial business combination have the right to convert their public shares. As a result, this may
make it easier for us to consummate our initial business combination. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that an initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal
to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if
permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount). We refer to this as the 80 of net assets test. If our board
of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the
satisfaction of such criteria. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority
of our independent directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq, these rules will not be applicable
to us. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination,
although there is no assurance that will be the case. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own or
acquire shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however,
structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to
register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business
combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target
and us in our initial business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties
in connection with financing our initial business combination. In such cases, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target.
However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business
combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 
of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired by us is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets
test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses. 

7 

We
are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend
our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Competition 

We
encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may
be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for
the types of businesses we intend to acquire. 

Many
of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the
net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the
acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable is limited by our available financial resources. Our sponsor or any of its
affiliates may make additional investments in us, although our sponsor has no obligation or other duty to do so. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash
in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by
target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial
business combination. 

Human
Capital Resources 

We
currently have one officer and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much
of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that
any such person devotes in any time period to our company will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
corporate website address is www.goldenarrowspac.com. The information contained on, or accessible through our corporate website or any
other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. Our executive offices are located at 10
E. 53 rd Street, 13 th Floor, New York, NY 10022 and our telephone number is (212) 430-2214. 

8 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our units, Class A common stock and public warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including
the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may
be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial
statements may be required to be audited in accordance with PCAOB standards. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool
of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us
to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the
prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation
will be material. 

We
will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements on our internal
control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition,
Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
 emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply
to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth
company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s
second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the
prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the
JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

9 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in
this section, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Such risks include, but are not limited to : 

We
 are a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have
 no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our
 public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination,
 which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our
 public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
 will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless
 we seek stockholder approval of such business combination. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors,
 officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into certain transactions,
 including purchasing shares or warrants from the public, which may influence the outcome
 of our proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial
 condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
 for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
 or optimize our capital structure. 

The
 requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
 frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
 and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
 targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our
 ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for
 our stockholders. 

COVID-19
 and the impact on businesses and debt and equity markets could have a material adverse effect
 on our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately
 consummate a business combination. 

Our
 search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate
 a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by negative impacts on the global
 economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the recent invasion
 of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals
 and entities. 

Past
 performance by members of our management team and their respective affiliates may not be
 indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

10 

If
 a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection
 with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
 its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain
 limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell
 your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
 may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors 
 ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You
 are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check
 companies. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities,
 it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable
 to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their stock, and
 our warrants will expire worthless. 

If
 the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being
 held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our
 search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination
 and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay
 our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain such
 loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain
 of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated
 with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by
 us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
 business opportunity or other transaction should be presented. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares of common stock. 

Our liquidity condition and proximity to our liquidation date expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Provisions
 in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover
 of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our
 Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Risks
Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

We
are a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to
achieve our business objective. 

We
are a newly incorporated company with no operating results to date. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which
to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses.
We may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never
generate any operating revenues. 

11 

Our
public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
reasons. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of
a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in
our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction. Accordingly, we may consummate our
initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our outstanding public shares do not approve of the business combination
we consummate. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of
such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted
transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. We
expect that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 77.4 of our outstanding shares of common stock
at the time of any such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more
likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders and their permitted
transferees agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of such business combination. 

You
may not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Additionally, since our board
of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or
opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect
the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period
of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which
we describe our initial business combination. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Prospective targets
will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

12 

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption
rights and, therefore, we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the
purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust
account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption
than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account
or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business
combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
increases. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until
we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however,
at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer
a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you
are able to sell your stock in the open market. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination by the Extended Date. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we
may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the
end of the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business
combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

COVID-19
and the impact on businesses and debt and equity markets could have a material adverse effect on our search for a business combination,
and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of
other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target
business with which we consummate a Business Combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to
complete a Business Combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with
potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate
a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 (including
variant mutations of the virus) and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19
or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an
extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, such as the proposed Business Combination with Seamless,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

13 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent upon its ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted
by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including
as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable
to us or at all. 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may receive
only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date.
We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability
to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt
markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic persists both in the U.S. and globally and, while the
extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business
combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable
on terms acceptable to us or at all. The recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions may also have similar effects,
and the impact of such effects on us will depend on future developments that cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. Furthermore,
we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to
have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate
and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting
sanctions, may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. It may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks
described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions.
Additionally, financial markets may be adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflict, including between Russia and Ukraine,
terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events globally. 

If
we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each
case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case,
our public stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than 10.00 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our
warrants will expire worthless. Please see Risk Factors Risks Relating to the Trust Account If third parties bring
claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable,
such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe
the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our
public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street
name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer or proxy materials
documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business
combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event
that a stockholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

14 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their stock, and our warrants will expire
worthless. 

We
encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may
be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for
the types of businesses we are seeking to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target
businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants,
our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable is limited by our available financial
resources. Our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in us, although our sponsor and its affiliates have no
obligation or other duty to do so. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain
target businesses. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights
may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they
potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating and completing an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see Risk Factors Risks Relating to the Trust Account 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

If
the funds not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least the Extended Date, we may be unable
to complete our initial business combination. 

The
funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least the Extended Date, assuming
that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition
plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through our initial public offering and potential loans from certain
of our affiliates are discussed in the section of this Annual Report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not
be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively
impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. 

We
believe that, upon the closing of our initial public offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient
to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of our initial public offering; however, we cannot assure you
that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay commitment fees
for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around
for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right
to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach
or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a prospective
target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Please
see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to the Trust Account If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share 
and other risk factors herein. 

15 

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are
insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business
combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our
initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain such loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to
operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their respective affiliates is
under any obligation or other duty to loan funds to, or invest in, us in such circumstances. Any such loans may be repaid only from funds
held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the trust account. In such case, our public stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see Risk Factors Risks Relating to the Trust Account If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring
and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the
price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify
all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through
a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise.
As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though
these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder
or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders
or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board
of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors
and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior
to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

16 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our
stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be
reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our public stockholders
in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. 

Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

Under
the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation
to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public
stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required
time period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth
in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice
period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject
any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability
of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the
claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary
of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24 th 
month from the closing of our initial public offering (or the end of any Extension Period) in the event we do not complete our initial
business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

Because
we do comply with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will
provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following
our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
bankers, consultants, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL,
any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata
share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the
third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against
us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more)
and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our
trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial
business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could
then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

17 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial
business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant
to a Registration Rights Agreement entered into upon the closing of our initial public offering, at or after the time of our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder
shares after those shares convert to shares of our Class A common stock. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants and their
permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital
loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We
will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for
trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of
the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to complete. This is because the stockholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities described above are registered for
resale. 

Because
we are neither limited to evaluating target businesses in a particular industry, sector or geographic area nor have we selected any specific
target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular
target business s operations. 

While
we have initially focused our search on identifying a prospective target business in the healthcare or healthcare-related infrastructure
industries in the United States and other developed countries, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company
in any industry, sector or geographic area. However, we are not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, permitted
to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. There
is no basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations,
cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete our initial business
combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine
with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks
inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may
be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than
a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders
who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value
of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in acquisition targets that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if such business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue
an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable
to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise
would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders
who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value
of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

18 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective
business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise
their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to
have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable
law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for
us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and
retaining key personnel. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking
an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which
we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile
revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the
significant risk factors. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce
the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm regarding fairness.
Consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we are not required
to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that
the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying
on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial
community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related
to our initial business combination. 

19 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may
receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we
may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only
approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire
worthless. Please see Risk Factors Risks Relating to the Trust Account If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than
 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of
our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, we do not currently expect that any of
them will do so. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure
you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating
a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In
addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The
departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be
ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain
associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of
an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
cause our key personnel to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. However,
we do not expect that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals
to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether
or not we will proceed with any potential business combination, as we do not expect that any of our key personnel will remain with us
after the completion of our initial business combination. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us
will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

20 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities
we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,
the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant
holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the
value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a
business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. As a result, we may need to reconstitute the management team of the post-transaction company
in connection with our initial business combination, which may adversely impact our ability to complete an acquisition in a timely manner
or at all. 

Since
our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with
respect to any public shares they may hold), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

In January 2021, our sponsor purchased 7,187,500 founder shares for
a capital contribution of 25,000. As of the date of this Annual Report, the founder shares represent approximately 77.4 of our outstanding
shares of common stock. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. 

In
addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,000,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 7,500,000, or 1.50 per
warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination within the allocated time period. 

The
personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business
combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business
combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline for completing our initial business combination nears. 

21 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This
lack of diversification may materially negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several
business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may
be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify
a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, including the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting sanctions, or increases
in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase
the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result
in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

22 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. 

Recently,
the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies
are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and
the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage
as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential
liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order
to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to
any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination
entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own or acquire shares
will own less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial
business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock
in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection
with financing our initial business combination. In such cases, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders
may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than
we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the
target business. 

23 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold . As a result, we may be
able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the
transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct
redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated
agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the
aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus
any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for
redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination (including, potentially,
with the same target). 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will
make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that some of our stockholders or warrant holders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the
definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination
and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities.
We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial
business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. To the extent any such amendment would be deemed to fundamentally
change the nature of any of the securities offered through the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering,
we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

Certain
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding
provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at
least 65 of our outstanding common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may
be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the
completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter
which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination
activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these
provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions (other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors
prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval by holders of a majority of at least 90 of the outstanding shares
of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting) related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit
proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts
except in specified circumstances and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved
by holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock. Unless specified
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our
stockholders, and, prior to our initial business combination, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of our Class B common stock is required to approve the election or removal of directors. We may not issue additional securities that can
vote pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation on any initial business combination or any amendments to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our initial stockholders, who beneficially own approximately 77.4 of our common stock, may
participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion
to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
which governs our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability
to complete our initial business combination with which you do not agree. 

24 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
The Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval
of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are
contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our public stockholders are not parties
to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor,
officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our public stockholders would need to
pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

Certain
agreements related to our initial public offering may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Certain
agreements, including the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors, and the registration rights agreement among
us and our initial stockholders, may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions, including
transfer restrictions on our founder shares and private placement warrants, that our public stockholders might deem to be material. While
we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination,
it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve
one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments
would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise
have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to
allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any target business we cannot ascertain the capital
requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net
proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect
redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection
with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination.
We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. None of our sponsor or its affiliates are
obligated to provide, or seek, any such financing or, except as expressly set forth herein, to provide any other services to us. To the
extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled
to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate.
In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing
to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect
on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

25 

Our
initial stockholders control the election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold
a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert
a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial stockholders own approximately 77.4 of our outstanding
common stock. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our Class B common stock have the right to appoint all
of our directors and may remove members of our board of directors for any reason. Holders of our public shares have no right to vote on
the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended
by holders of a majority of at least 90 of the outstanding shares of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. As a result, you
will not have any influence over the election of directors prior to our initial business combination. 

Neither
our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities.
Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our
Class A common stock. In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our company, our initial stockholders may exert a substantial
influence on other actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase
any additional shares of common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence
over these actions. Accordingly, our initial stockholders may exert significant influence over actions requiring a stockholder vote. 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If
(x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock, (y) the aggregate
gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding
of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
Market Value of our Class A common stock is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price. This may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

26 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by negative impacts on the global economy,
capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against
Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities. 

United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption
following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion,
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States,
the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus
and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank
Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue
to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia.
The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United
States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact
on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable,
the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well
as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy
and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on
the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions,
could adversely affect our search for a business combination, particularly in Europe since that region includes Russia, and any target
business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, although we are not seeking a target business in Russia. The extent
and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but
could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result
in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks
described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities, cross-border transactions
or our ability to raise equity or debt financing in connection with any particular business combination. If these disruptions or other
matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations
of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect
to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement
disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents,
whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial
reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some
targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

27 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and
report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in
the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company,
will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over
financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly
burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination
may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. 

The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions
that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include
staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares,
and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our shares of Class B common stock,
which are held by our initial stockholders, are entitled to vote on the election of directors, which may make more difficult the removal
of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our
securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law,
which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may
discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be
initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with
our company or our company s directors, officers or other employees. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that,
unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company,
(2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company to our
company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our
company or any director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal
affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (a) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there
is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the
personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination) or (b) which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will
not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or otherwise arising under
federal securities laws, for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum.
We note, however, that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest
in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions is filed in
a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a foreign action in the name of any stockholder, such
stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State
of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ),
and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such stockholder s counsel
in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder. 

This forum selection clause may discourage claims or limit stockholders 
ability to submit claims in a judicial forum that they find favorable and may result in additional costs for a stockholder seeking to
bring a claim. While we believe the risk of a court declining to enforce this forum selection clause is low, if a court were to determine
the forum selection clause to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs in conjunction with our efforts
to resolve the dispute in an alternative jurisdiction, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

28 

Data privacy and security breaches, including, but not
limited to, those resulting from cyber incidents or attacks, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses and/or misplaced or lost data,
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption, reputational harm, criminal liability and/or financial loss. 

In searching for targets for our initial business combination, we depend
on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties
with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or privacy and security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or
the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information,
and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data privacy or security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences and therefore could be liable for privacy and security breaches, including
potentially those caused by any of our subcontractors. 

We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against,
or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents or other incidents that result in a privacy or security breach.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to reputational
harm, criminal liability and/or financial loss. 

If our management team pursues a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with
investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to
a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business
combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due
diligence in a foreign market, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase
price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company,
we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including
any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with
 commercial an d legal requirements
 of overseas markets; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

changes
 in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak; 

tax
 issues, including limits on our ability to change our tax residence from the United States,
 complex withholding or other tax regimes which may apply in connection with our initial business
 combination or to our structure following our initial business combination, variations in
 tax laws as compared to the United States, and potential changes in the applicable laws in
 the United States and/or relevant non-U.S. jurisdictions; 

29 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

crime,
 strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, such as
 the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia; 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States; 

obligatory
 military service by personnel; and 

government
 appropriation of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If
we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such combination or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer,
either of which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our initial business combination and our structure thereafter
may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be
more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

Although we will attempt to structure our initial business combination
in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we
may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial business combination
and subject to requisite stockholder approval, we may structure our business combination in a manner that requires stockholders and/or
warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders or warrant
holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrant holder may need
to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of
such holder s shares or warrants. In addition, we may effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction
or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business
is located). As a result, stockholders and warrant holders may be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect
to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. 

Furthermore, we may effect a business combination with a target company
that has business operations outside of the United States, and, possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect
such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions
with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings
in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by taxing authorities. This additional complexity
and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. 

If our management following our initial business combination
is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead
to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, any or all of our management
could resign from their positions as officers of the post-business combination company, and the management of the target business at the
time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws.
If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws.
This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

30 

After our initial business combination, substantially all
of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country.
Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political, social and
government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government
policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically
and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy
experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease
in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with
which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business
to become profitable. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause
a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income
would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely
affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected
by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting
currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial
condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that
we are able to consummate such transaction. 

Our liquidity condition and proximity to our liquidation
date expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We may not have sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated obligations
and may be unable to raise additional funds to alleviate our liquidity needs. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations
in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that our liquidity condition, as well as mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our company s
ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should our company
be required to liquidate after the Extended Date. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if our
company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our securities are currently listed on Nasdaq. Although we currently
meet the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue
to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq
prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must
maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally
300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance
with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order
to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. 

31 

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange
and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter
market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require
 brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly
 result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decr eased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in
 the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a
federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered
securities. Because our securities are listed on Nasdaq, they qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states
are pre-empted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there
is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities
in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued
by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and
might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further,
if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject
to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other
person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act),
will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering,
which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
does not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination
and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a
result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell
your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

32 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into certain transactions, including purchasing
shares or warrants from the public, which may influence the outcome of our proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
of our securities. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination,
although they are under no obligation or other duty to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such public
stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise
its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase public
shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such
selling public stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The price per share paid in any
such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection
with our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable
securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their
affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their
public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, such persons have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. The purpose
of any such transaction could be to (1) vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote
such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3)
satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at
the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such transactions
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float 
of our Class A common stock or warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and such registration may not be in place
when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless
basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement,
we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination
to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are
redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental
change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by
reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in
which case, the number of shares of Class A common stock that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject
to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will
be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their
warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the
exercising holder or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time
of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security 
under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to
do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will
not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register
or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net
cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register
or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of
the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of
such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders
who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class
A common stock included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private
placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included
as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include
our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Class A common stock underlying their warrants
while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying shares of Class A common stock.
If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem warrants even
if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

33 

We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock
or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than
one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions described herein. Any such issuances
would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the
issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of the date of this
Annual Report, there were 190,852,019 and 19,860,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A and Class B common stock available, respectively,
for issuance, which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or upon the conversion
of the Class B common stock. Shares of Class B common stock are automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the
time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment
as set forth herein. On March 16, 2023, our sponsor voluntarily converted the 7,047,500 shares of Class B common stock it held into 7,047,500
shares of Class A common stock in accordance with our charter. Immediately after our initial public offering, there were no shares of
preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common
stock, and may issue shares of preferred stock, in order to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan
after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock to redeem the warrants or upon
conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions described herein. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other
things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders
thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation on any
initial business combination or any amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The issuance of additional shares
of common or preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights
 senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could
 cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants;
 and 

may
 not res ult in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

34 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise
incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report
to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our initial public offering, we may choose
to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless
we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account.
As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence
of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on
 demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
 our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital
 expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service r equirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other
 disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

35 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that
may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants.
As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the warrants could be converted into cash or stock, the exercise
period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased,
all without your approval. 

Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval
by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the
registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders
of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public
warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments
to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than
initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after
they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the last reported sales
price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date
we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a
result, we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption
of the outstanding warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be
disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants;
or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants commencing
ninety days after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the last
reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants for cash or on a cashless basis prior to redemption. The value received
upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a
later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including
because the number of common shares received is capped at 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective
of the remaining life of the warrants. 

None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so
long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

36 

Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase 9,583,333 shares of our Class A common
stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment as provided herein), as part of the units in our initial public offering
and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of
5,000,000 shares of Class A common stock. Our initial stockholders currently hold 7,187,500 founder shares, consisting of 7,047,500 shares
of Class A common stock and 140,000 shares of Class B common stock. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. On March 16, 2023, our sponsor voluntarily converted the 7,047,500
shares of Class B common stock it held into 7,047,500 shares of Class A common stock in accordance with our charter. In addition, if our
sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such
loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants. 

To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to complete our
initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon
exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance
will increase the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the Class A common stock issued to
complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to complete a business combination
or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because each unit offered in our initial public offering
contained one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other
blank check companies. 

Each unit offered in our initial public offering contained one-third
of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and
only whole units will trade. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of Class A common stock
and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the
dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for
one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we
believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to
be worth less than if they included a whole warrant. 

A market for our securities may not fully develop or be
sustained, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more
potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion
of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may not fully develop or, if developed,
it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be fully developed and sustained. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes
in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC (the SEC Staff issued the Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs dated April 12, 2021 (the SEC Statement ), wherein the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common
to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to being treated
as equity. Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers following
a business combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants. As a result of the
SEC Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our warrants, and pursuant to the guidance in ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), determined the warrants should be classified as derivative liabilities measured at fair value on our balance
sheet, with any changes in fair value to be reported each period in earnings on our statements of operations. 

37 

As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial
statements may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we
expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses
could be material. 

Risks Relating to Our Management Team 

Past performance by members of our management team and
their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with,
members of our management team and their respective affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance,
including related to acquisitions, of members of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee either: (1) that
we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect
to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s or
their affiliates performance. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. 

Our officers and directors allocate their time to other
businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of
interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors are not required to, and do not, commit
their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search
for a business combination and their other responsibilities. We do not currently have, and do not intend to have, any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our business combination. Each of our officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors
for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific
number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities. If
our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in
excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact
on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

38 

We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their
departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals.
We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial
business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers.
The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all
of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by
us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity or other transaction
should be presented. 

Following the completion of our initial public offering and until we
consummate our initial business combination, we have engaged in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses.
Our sponsor and officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment
vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. We do not have employment contracts with our officers and directors that will limit
their ability to work at other businesses. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in
the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of
our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or
she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business
combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines
to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to
another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest
in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in
his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to
undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor
or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures, even prior to
us entering into a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present
additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts
would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

39 

Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective
affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors,
officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired
or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination
with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any
such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities
may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

Members of our management team and board of directors have
significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies. Certain of those persons have
been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or otherwise.
This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

During the course of their careers, members of our management team
and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies.
Certain of those persons have been, may be or may in the future become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including
relating to the business affairs of such companies, transactions entered into by such companies, or otherwise Any such litigation, investigations
or other proceedings could result in substantial judgments against those individuals and may divert the attention and resources of our
management team and board of directors away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination
and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more
target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors which may raise
potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors
with other businesses, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with or competitive with our sponsor, officers and directors,
and their respective affiliates. Our directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities. Such entities may compete
with us for business combination opportunities. Although we are not specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated
entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to
our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated
with our sponsor, officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination
may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Moreover, we may, at our option, pursue an affiliated joint acquisition
opportunity with our sponsor or its affiliates or with other entities to which an officer or director has a fiduciary, contractual or
other obligation or duty. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination,
or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a future issuance of securities to any such parties, which
may give rise to certain conflicts of interest. 

40 

Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of: (1) 10.00 per public share; or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so in certain instances. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent
directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not
likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account
available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

Risks Relating to the Trust Account 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds
from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered
public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against
the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as
well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against
our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the
monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into
an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be
significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition
proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field
of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to
execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to
be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a
service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they
may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination
within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will
be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following
redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially
held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. 

41 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below: (1) 10.00 per public share; or (2) such
lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by
a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover,
in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor, which is a newly formed entity,
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations,
and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from
the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your
public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection
with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein;
(2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by The Extended Date or (B)
with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the redemption
of all of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination by The Extended Date, subject to applicable law
and as further described herein. In addition, if we have not completed an initial business combination within the required time period
for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval
prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond the
end of such period before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right
or interest of any kind in or to the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account
with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially
at a loss. 

42 

General Risk Factors 

You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to
investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale
of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has
not been selected, we may have been deemed to be a blank check company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because
we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet of our company demonstrating this fact,
we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors
will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to
complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject
to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the
funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of
the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely
restricted and, as a result, we may abandon our efforts to consummate a business combination and liquidate. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain
activities of special purpose acquisition companies SPACs (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), relating to, among
other things, circumstances in which SPACs could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder.
The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section
3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period to announce
and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file
a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial Business Combination
no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering (the IPO Registration
Statement ). The company would then be required to complete its initial Business Combination no later than 24 months after the effective
date of the IPO Registration Statement. 

There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the
Investment Company Act to a SPAC. It is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment
company. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company
Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements. We do not believe
that our principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if we
are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act, we would be subject
to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, unless we are able to modify our activities
so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead
to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our stockholders would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor
operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock and warrants following such a transaction, and our
warrants would expire worthless. 

43 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply
with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional
and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring
of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and
application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and
results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results
of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules that would, among
other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies;
amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving such companies; update and expand
guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection with proposed
business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions;
and impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These rules, if
adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate
and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting
company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available
to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make
it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders
may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although
circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of
the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these
exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices
of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading
prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange
Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to
opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election
to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued
or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new
or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements
with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the
extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

44 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of
that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the
extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public
companies difficult or impossible. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection
with redemptions by us of our shares of common stock. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR
Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases
(including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the excise tax. 

Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022
may be subject to the excise tax, including in connection with an initial business combination, certain amendments to our charter or otherwise.
Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value
of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with an initial business combination, certain amendments to our charter or otherwise,
(ii) the structure of an initial business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances
in connection with an initial business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with such initial business combination but issued
within the same taxable year of such initial business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury.
In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us, and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of
the excise tax have not been determined. The proceeds placed in the trust account in connection with our initial public offering and any
Extension Payments, as well as any interest earned thereon, will not be used to pay for any excise tax payable pursuant to the IR Act. 

We may not be able to complete an initial business combination
with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S.
government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), or ultimately prohibited . 

Our sponsor, Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC, is a Delaware limited liability
company, and is not controlled by, nor has substantial ties with any non-U.S. person. We do not expect the Company to be considered a
 foreign person under the regulations administered by CFIUS. However, if our initial business combination with a U.S. business
is subject to CFIUS review, the scope of which was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ),
to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even
with no underlying U.S. business, FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories
of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction,
we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with
the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination.
CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect
to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company without first obtaining
CFIUS clearance, which may limit the attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities
that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could
complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose
acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

45 

Moreover, the process of government review, whether by the CFIUS or
otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our initial business combination. If we cannot complete our initial business
combination by the Extended Date because the review process drags on beyond such timeframe or because our initial business combination
is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public stockholders
may only receive 10.00 per public share or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause
you to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price
appreciation in the combined company. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 10 E. 53rd Street, 13th
Floor, New York, NY 10022. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding
currently pending against us or any members of our management team. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

46 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our equity securities trade on Nasdaq. Each of our units consists of
one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant and, commencing on March 17, 2021, trades on Nasdaq under the
symbol GAMCU. The Class A common stock and warrants underlying our units began trading separately on Nasdaq under the symbols
 GAMC and GAMCW, respectively, on May 7, 2021. 

Holders of Record 

On March 22, 2023, there were 1 holder of record of our units, 2 holders
of record of our Class A common stock, 4 holders of record of our Class B common stock and 3 holders of record of our warrants. Such numbers
do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and
do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the
future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion
of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the
discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate
declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. If we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Use of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering 

On March 19, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 28,750,000
units and on May 6, 2021, we consummated the sale of an additional 3,750,000 units as a result of the exercise in full of the underwriters 
over-allotment option, in each case at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 287,500,000. The securities
sold in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-253465). The
registration statement became effective on March 16, 2021. In connection with the votes to approve the Extension, the holders of 26,649,519
shares of Class A common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of
approximately 10.16 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 270,869,315, leaving approximately 21,349,573 in
the trust account. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are
included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. Certain information contained in
the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of
Delaware on December 31, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering (defined below) and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants (defined below), our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of
our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an in initial business combination will be successful. 

Extension 

On March 15, 2023, our stockholders approved the Charter Amendment.
The Charter Amendment extended the date by which we have to consummate a business combination (the Extension for an additional
nine months, from March 19, 2023 to the Extended Date, provided that the sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted designees) will deposit
into the trust account the Extension Payment, determined by multiplying 0.03 by the number of public shares then outstanding, up to a
maximum of 105,000 for each such one-month extension unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have
occurred, in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination. 

47 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues
to date. Our only activities from December 31, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary
to prepare for the initial public offering, described below, and, subsequent to the initial public offering, identifying a target company
for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account (defined below). We
incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as
for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 9,846,711,
which consisted of the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 7,138,542, change in fair value of convertible notes of 811,150,
interest earned on investment held in the trust account of 4,000,465, offset by operational costs of 1,343,799 and provision for income
taxes of 759,647. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 5,268,961,
which consisted of the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 6,756,458 and interest earned on investment held in the trust account
of 17,003, offset by formation and operational costs of 1,022,676 and transaction costs related to the initial public offering of 481,824. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On March 19, 2021, we consummated the initial public offering of 25,000,000
units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we
consummated the sale of 4,500,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant in a private placement to the sponsor generating
gross proceeds of 6,750,000. 

Following the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
warrants, a total of 250,000,000 was placed in the trust account. We incurred 14,246,969 in initial public offering related costs, including
 5,000,000 of underwriting fees, 8,750,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 496,969 of other offering costs. 

On May 6, 2021, in connection with the underwriters exercise
of their over-allotment option in full, we consummated the sale of an additional 3,750,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating
total gross proceeds of 37,500,000. In addition, we also consummated the sale of an additional 500,000 private placement warrants at
 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 750,000. A total of 37,500,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of
the additional units and private placement warrants was placed in the trust account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the trust
account to 287,500,000. 

In connection with the votes to approve the Extension, the holders
of 26,649,519 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately
 10.16 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 270,869,315, leaving approximately 21,349,572 in the trust account.
Upon implementation of the Extension, the remaining trust funds were deposited in an interest-bearing demand deposit account
at a bank. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities
was 1,647,496. Net income of 9,846,711 was affected by change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 7,138,542, change in fair value
of convertible notes of 811,150, interest earned on investment held in the Trust Account of 4,000,465. Changes in operating assets and
liabilities provided 455,950 of cash for operating activities. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities
was 1,052,786. Net income of 5,268,961 was affected by non-cash changes in fair value of warrant liabilities of 6,756,458, interest
earned on investment held in trust account of 17,003 and transaction costs associated with the initial public offering of 481,824. Other
changes in operating assets and liabilities used 30,110 of cash for operating activities. 

48 

As of December 31, 2022, we held investments in the trust account in
the amount of 290,646,467. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022,
we have withdrawn 871,000 of interest earned from the trust account to be used toward Delaware franchise tax and income tax obligations. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account,
including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete our business combination.
To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our business combination, the
remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 348,749. We intend to use
the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete
a business combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction
costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are
not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the
event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into warrants, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

On February 25, 2022 and August 26, 2022, we issued two promissory
notes to our sponsor (the 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal
amount of 500,000 and 400,000, respectively. The 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes are non-interest bearing and payable upon consummation
of our initial business combination. At our sponsor s discretion, the 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes may be converted into warrants
of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

As of December 31, 2022, there was a 900,000 balance outstanding under
the 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes. The 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes were valued using the fair value method. The fair value of
the notes as of December 31, 2022, was 88,850, which resulted in a change in fair value of the convertible promissory note of 811,150
for the year ended December 31, 2022 recorded in the statement of operations. 

On March 8, 2023, we issued a third convertible promissory note to
our sponsor (the 2023 Convertible Promissory Note pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of
 750,000. The 2023 Convertible Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of a business combination. At
the sponsor s discretion, the 2023 Convertible Promissory Note may be converted into warrants of the post-business combination entity
at a price of 1.50 per warrant, provided that the aggregate of such warrants together with any warrants issued upon conversions pursuant
to the 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes do not exceed 1,000,000 warrants. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

In connection with the Extension Payments, on March 17, 2023,
we issued an unsecured promissory note to our sponsor in the aggregate amount of 567,130 (the Extension Note to our sponsor. On March 17, 2023, we deposited an Extension Payment in the amount of 63,015, representing 0.03 per public share remaining
in the trust account following redemptions, which enabled us to extend the period of time we had to consummate an initial business combination
by one month from March 19, 2023 to April 19, 2023. The extension was the first of nine one-month extensions permitted under our charter.
The Extension Note bears no interest and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation our initial business combination.
The Extension Note is not convertible into private placement warrants and the principal balance may be prepaid at any time. 

On January 8, 2021, we issued a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory
note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 200,000, which was originally due on March
19, 2021. On March 18, 2022, we amended and restated the promissory note to extend the due date of amounts outstanding under the promissory
note to the earlier of December 31, 2022 and the date of consummation of our initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were amounts of 0 and 141,367 outstanding under the promissory note, respectively. 

If our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking
in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient
funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either
to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation
of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

49 

Going Concern 

As a result of the Extension, we have up to an additional nine months,
from March 19, 2023 to up to December 19, 2023 to consummate a business combination, provided that the sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted
designees) will deposit into the trust account the Extension Payment in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note
payable upon consummation of a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by the
Extended Date. If we are unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination by this
date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Management has determined that the possible liquidity condition
as we continue to incur costs and the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution
raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to consummate a business combination prior
to the mandatory liquidation date. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required
to liquidate after December 19, 2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered
off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated
entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose
of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any
special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating
lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit,
or 10,062,500 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely
in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

We entered into an agreement with Jones International Group for consulting
services related to a search for a target business. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 210,000 of consulting fees. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have
identified the following critical accounting estimates: 

Warrant Liabilities 

We account for the warrants in accordance with the guidance contained
in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40-15 under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment
and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrants
to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any
change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The Private Placement Warrants and the warrants included as part of
the units in the Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants and together with the Private Placement Warrants, the warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a lattice model, specifically a binomial lattice model incorporating
the Cox-Ross-Rubenstein methodology. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant
quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject to possible conversion in
accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to
mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock
(including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption
upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common
stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be
outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible
redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance
sheets. 

50 

Net Income per Common Share 

Net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the
weighted average number of common stock outstanding for the period. We have two classes of shares which are referred to as Class A common
stock and Class B Common stock. Income is shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per common share is calculated
by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the respective period. Accretion associated
with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting
Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an
Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major
separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts
to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU
2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early
adoption permitted. The impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-06 is being assessed by the company, however no significant impact on the financial
statements is anticipated. 

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective,
accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report and
is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

51 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based
on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure
controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all
disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected
all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on
certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Report does not include an attestation report of our internal
controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

52 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our current directors and executive officers are listed below. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Timothy Babich 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Jacob Doft 
 
 54 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Lance Hirt 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Andrew Rechtschaffen 
 
 46 
 
 Director 
 
 Brett Barth 
 
 52 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Lloyd Dean 
 
 73 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Jack Hidary 
 
 55 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Steven Klosk 
 
 66 
 
 Independent Director 

Timothy Babich has served as our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer since our inception. In 2018, Mr. Babich founded, and he continues to manage, Nexxus Holdings, an investment
firm primarily dedicated to managing his investments. In addition, Mr. Babich was the founder and chairman of FCM Bank, a European based,
online challenger bank. FCM Bank was founded in 2012 and sold in 2017 to a private European payments platform. Mr. Babich also is
the co-founder of the RUNX1 Research Program, a medical foundation dedicated to finding a cure for an inherited predisposition to leukemia.
In 2006, Mr. Babich founded Fortelus Capital Management, a London-based, multi-billion dollar investment manager focused on European special
situation investments, where he currently serves as CEO and director. Prior to founding Fortelus in 2006, Mr. Babich was a Member of the
General Partner at Silver Point Capital, a Greenwich, CT-based special situations fund. He joined Silver Point s founder in early
2001 after the founder retired as head of Goldman Sachs Global Special Situations Group. Mr. Babich graduated from the University
of Pennsylvania in 1999, summa cum laude, with undergraduate degrees from Wharton and Engineering (Computer Sciences) as part of the Management
 Technology (M T) dual degree program, along with an MBA from Wharton. He currently serves as Chairman of the Board for the M T
program. 

Jacob Doft has served as Chairman of our board of directors
since our inception. In 1995, Mr. Doft co-founded Highline Capital Management, L.P., a New York-based investment management firm, where
he currently serves as Chief Executive Officer. Before co-founding Highline, Mr. Doft worked at Gleacher and Co., Inc. where his time
was predominantly spent helping firms consider strategic mergers, acquisitions, and restructurings. Mr. Doft received a B.S. from Wharton
School and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. He currently serves as a member of the Wharton Undergraduate Executive Board. 

Lance Hirt has served as one of our directors since our
inception. Since 2016, Mr. Hirt has served as a Managing Partner at Stonecourt Capital LP, a New York based private investment firm. Previously,
from 2003 to 2016, he was a partner at Lindsay Goldberg LLC, a private equity firm, during which time the firm invested 10 billion of
equity capital across 35 portfolio companies. Prior to that, he was a Managing Director in the M A department at Morgan Stanley, where
he also served as the Operating Officer for the global M A Division. Mr. Hirt began his career as a management consultant at Touche
Ross Co. and subsequently practiced law at Sullivan Cromwell. Mr. Hirt has served on the board of directors of 21 portfolio
companies during his 19-year private equity career. His investment experience spans a broad set of industries and geographies. Mr. Hirt
graduated from Yeshiva College with a B.A. in Economics and received an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a Juris Doctorate from
Harvard Law School. Mr. Hirt currently serves as a Trustee of Yeshiva University. 

53 

Andrew Rechtschaffen has served as one of our directors
since our inception. Since 2017, Mr. Rechtschaffen serves as Founder and Chief Executive Officer of AREX Capital Management, LP, an equities-focused
investment firm. Prior to AREX, Mr. Rechtschaffen was a Partner at Greenlight Capital where he was a member of the investment team from
2002 to 2005 and 2011 to 2017, becoming a Partner in 2005 and again in 2014. Between these periods, he was a Managing Director at Citadel
Investment Group managing a multi-billion-dollar portfolio in the Principal Strategies Group and the founder of Obrem Capital Management.
He began his career as an Associate in Morgan Stanley s Investment Banking Division. Mr. Rechtschaffen has served as director of
Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: FRGI) since 2020 and currently serves as a director of the Wharton Alumni Executive Board. Mr. Rechtschaffen
was awarded the Alan C. Greenberg Young Leadership Award by UJA-Federation of New York, Wall Street Financial Services Division.
Mr. Rechtschaffen graduated from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, summa cum laude, with a Bachelor of Science degree
and an MBA. 

Brett Barth has served on our board of directors since
March 2021. Mr. Barth co-founded BBR Partners in 2000 and is a Co-Chief Executive Officer, co-managing the firm and overseeing BBR s
investment approach and implementation. He has extensive experience vetting investment opportunities across the asset class spectrum and
through a range of market environments, working with both traditional and alternative investment managers. Mr. Barth is also a member
of BBR s Executive Committee and Co-Chair of its Investment Committee. Prior to founding BBR, Mr. Barth was in the Equities Division
of Goldman Sachs. Previously, he served in Goldman s Equity Capital Markets groups in New York and Hong Kong. He began his career
in Goldman Sachs Corporate Finance Department. Mr. Barth previously served as a director of Cowen Inc. He is also a Member of the
Investment Advisory Counsel for Waycrosse, Inc., a premier multi-generational, single-family office based in Minneapolis, MN. Mr. Barth
is a trustee of the University of Pennsylvania as well as a member of the Board of Advisors of the Graduate School of Education. He previously
served as both the Chair of the Penn Fund, the University of Pennsylvania s undergraduate annual giving program, and as the Inaugural
Chair of the Undergraduate Financial Aid Leadership Council. Mr. Barth is a member of the board of the UJA-Federation of New York and
chairs the endowment s Investment Committee. Mr. Barth was awarded the Alan C. Greenberg Young Leadership Award by UJA-Federation
of New York, Wall Street Financial Services Division. Mr. Barth graduated summa cum laude with concentrations in Finance and Accounting
from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 

Lloyd Dean has served on our board of directors since
March 2021. Mr. Dean has served as Chief Executive Officer of CommonSpirit Health, one of the nation s largest non-profit healthcare
systems, since February 2019 when CommonSpirit Health merged with Dignity Health, where Mr. Dean served Chief Executive Officer since
June 2000. Prior to that, Mr. Dean served as Chief Operating Officer of Advocate Health Care, a healthcare organization, from 1997 to
2000. Mr. Dean has served on the board of directors of McDonald s Corporation since 2015 and previously served on the boards of
Navigant Consulting, Inc., Wells Fargo Company, the Bar Area Council, the Catholic Health Association of the U.S., Mercy Housing
California, and Cytori Therapeutics. Mr. Dean is Co-Chair of the California Future Health Workforce Commission, an organization composed
of senior leaders from California s leading health philanthropies. In 2019, California Governor Gavin Newsom appointed Mr. Dean
to his Task Force on Business and Jobs Recovery, and he is the Board Chair for the Committee on Jobs, an organization that brings employment
to the San Francisco Bay Area. 

Jack Hidary has served on our board of directors since
March 2021. Mr. Hidary is a serial technology entrepreneur and author. Mr. Hidary established the Hidary Foundation, which supports breakthroughs
in oncology, and was recognized as a Global Leader of Tomorrow at the World Economic Forum in Davos. He served as Chairman and Co-Founder
of Vista Research, an independent financial research company, from 2001 until its acquisition in 2005 by Standard Poor s.
In 1995, Mr. Hidary co-founded the IT portal EarthWeb, and served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer through its initial public
offering in 1998. Mr. Hidary serves on several private company boards, including as Chairman of Radimmune, a biotech company, and XPrize.org.
Mr. Hidary studied at Columbia University and received the Stanley Fellowship in Clinical Neuroscience at The National Institutes of Health,
where he worked on the application of neural networks to medical imaging. 

54 

Steven Klosk has served on our board of directors since
March 2021. Mr. Klosk served as a director of Cambrex Corporation (formerly NYSE: CBM), a leading global small molecule contract development
and manufacturing organization Cambrex ), from 2008 until June 2020, and served as its President and Chief Executive Officer
from 2008 until its acquisition by Permira in December 2019. Having joined Cambrex in 1992, Mr. Klosk held positions of increasing responsibility,
including Executive Vice President, Administration, through 2005, when he assumed direct responsibility for the leadership of the Biopharmaceutical
Business Unit as Chief Operating Officer. In August 2006, Mr. Klosk assumed the responsibility of the Pharma business as Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer Biopharma Pharma, and in February 2007, was appointed to Executive Vice President,
Chief Operating Officer and President, Pharmaceutical Products and Services, the last role he held prior to being appointed President
and Chief Executive Officer. Earlier in his career Mr. Klosk served as Vice President, Administration for The Genlyte Group, Inc., a publicly
traded producer of lighting fixtures. Mr. Klosk earned a B.S. from Cornell University and a J.D. from New York Law School. Mr. Klosk has
served on the board of directors of Lisata Therapeutics. (Nasdaq: LSTA) since 2014. He also currently serves on the board of directors
of Recipharm and BIOVECTRA, each a pharmaceutical contract development and manufacturing organization CDMO ), NJ Biopharmaceuticals
LLC, a pharmaceutical contract research organization and BioIVT, a global provider of biologic specimens for pharma/biotech research.
Mr. Klosk also serves as Chairman of the board of directors of Formulated Solutions, a topicals CDMO. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board consists of seven members. Our board of directors is divided
into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed
prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting
of Jacob Doft, Brett Barth, Lloyd Dean, expired at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of
directors, consisting of Lance Hirt and Steven Klosk, will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of
the third class of directors, consisting of Andrew Rechtschaffen and Jack Hidary, will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Prior to consummation of our initial business combination, holders
of our Class B common stock have the right to elect all of our directors and remove members of our board of directors for any reason.
Holders of our public shares do not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. On March 15, 2023, holders of
our Class B common stock re-elected Jacob Doft, Brett Barth and Lloyd Dean to serve as Class I directors for a three-year term, or until
the election and qualification of their respective successors in office, subject to their earlier death, resignation or removal. These
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by holders of a majority of at least
90 of the outstanding shares of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Approval of our initial business combination will require
the affirmative vote of a majority of our board directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors. Subject to any
other special rights applicable to the stockholders, prior to our initial business combination, any vacancies on our board of directors
may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of directors that
includes any directors representing our sponsor then on our board of directors, or by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of our Class B common stock. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the
discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons
to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the
Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including without limitation, a President,
Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, and a Treasurer) as our board of directors from time to time may determine. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee
and a compensation committee, both of which are composed solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that
has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee
is available to view at our website, www.goldenarrowspac.com, under the Governance Documents section. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our audit committee are Brett Barth, Lloyd Dean and
Steven Klosk. Mr. Klosk serves as chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board
of directors has determined that Mr. Klosk qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC
rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

55 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose
and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting
 board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with
 legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s
 qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and
 independent registered public accounting firm; 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent
 registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting
 firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting
 firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval
 policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the
 independent registered public accounting firm have with us in order to evaluate their continued
 independence; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
 firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control
 procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control
 review, or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting firm, or by any inquiry
 or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years
 respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to
 deal with such issues; 

meeting
 to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements
 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing
 our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
 as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
 with regulators or govern ment agencies and any employee complaints or published reports
 that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and
 any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation committee are Brett Barth, Lloyd Dean
and Steven Klosk. Mr. Dean serves as chair of the compensation committee. 

56 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the
purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and
 any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all
 of our other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewin g,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its
sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly
responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice
from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with
Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board
of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly
selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who shall participate
in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Brett Barth, Lloyd Dean, Steven Klosk and Jack Hidary. In accordance
with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not
have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended
for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting
of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election
to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications
that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director,
the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional
reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

57 

Code of Ethics and Committee Charters 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics Code of Ethics applicable
to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics, our Audit Committee Charter and our Compensation
Committee Charter as exhibits to our registration statement for our initial public offering. You may also review these documents by accessing
our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions
of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Copies of our Code of Ethics, our Audit Committee Charter and our Compensation
Committee Charter are available on our corporate website, www.goldenarrowspac.com, under the Governance Documents section. The
information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by
reference into this report. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our officers or directors have received any compensation for
services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers, directors and their respective affiliates are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors
or our or any of their respective affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined company.
All compensation will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for
determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial
business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors
that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may
influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our
management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our shares of common stock as of March 31, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect
to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of
 common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of common stock; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the
table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

58 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock Beneficially Owned(2) 
 Number Shares of Class B Common Stock Beneficially Owned(2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock (3) 
 
 Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC (4) 
 7,047,500 
 - 
 75.9 
 
 Timothy Babich (4) 
 7,047,500 
 - 
 75.9 
 
 Jacob Doft (4) 
 7,047,500 
 
 75.9 
 
 Lance Hirt (4) 
 7,047,500 
 - 
 75.9 
 
 Andrew Rechtschaffen (4) 
 7,047,500 
 - 
 75.9 
 
 Brett Barth 
 - 
 35,000 

Lloyd Dean 
 - 
 35,000 

Jack Hidary 
 - 
 35,000 

Steven Klosk 
 - 
 35,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) 
 7,047,500 
 140,000 
 77.4 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned(5) 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Class A Common Stock (6) 
 
 Fir Tree Capital Management LP (7) 
 2,051,217 
 22.4 
 
 Magnetar Financial LLC (8) 
 1,978,986 
 21.6 
 
 Jane Street Group, LLC (9) 
 2,096,562 
 22.9 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Golden
Arrow Merger Corp., 10 E. 53rd Street, 13th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

(2) Interests shown consist solely
of founder shares. On March 16, 2023, our sponsor voluntarily converted the 7,047,500 shares of Class B common stock it held into 7,047,500
shares of Class A common stock in accordance with our charter. Following the Conversion, we had 9,147,981 shares of Class
A common stock outstanding and 140,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock will automatically
convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder,
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) Based on 9,287,981 shares of common
stock outstanding at March 31, 2023, of which 9,147,981 were Class A common stock and 140,000 were Class B common stock. 

(4) Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC, our
sponsor, is the record holder of the shares of Class A common stock reported herein. According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14,
2022, our sponsor is controlled by Messrs. Babich, Doft, Hirt and Rechtschaffen. Accordingly, Messrs. Babich, Doft, Hirt and Rechtschaffen
share voting and dispositive power over the shares of Class A common stock held by our sponsor and may be deemed to beneficially own
such shares. 

(5) Interests shown consist solely of Class A common stock. 

(6) Based on 9,147,981 shares of Class
A common stock outstanding at March 31, 2023. 

(7) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Fir Tree Capital Management LP,
an investment adviser. The business address of Fir Tree Capital Management LP is 55 West 46th Street, 29th Floor, New York, NY 10036. 

(8) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023 by Magnetar Financial LLC, relating
to the shares held for the Magnetar Funds (as defined therein). Magnetar Financial LLC serves as the investment adviser to the Magnetar
Funds. Magnetar Capital Partners LP serves as the sole member and parent holding company of Magnetar Financial LLC. Supernova Management
LLC is the general partner of Magnetar Capital Partners LP. The manager of Supernova Management is David J. Snyderman. Magnetar Financial
LLC, Magnetar Capital Partners LP, Supernova Management LLC and Mr. Litowitz each share voting and investment power over the shares. The
business address of each of the foregoing persons is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13th Floor, Evanston, IL 60201. 

(9) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Jane Street Group, LLC., a broker
dealer, Jane Street Capital, LLC and Jane Street Global Trading, LLC. Jane Street Group, LLC, Jane Street Capital, LLC
and Jane Street Global Trading, LLC share voting and investment power over the shares. The business address of each
of the foregoing persons is 250 Vesey Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10281. 

59 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

In January 2021, our sponsor purchased 7,187,500 founder shares for
a capital contribution of 25,000. In February 2021, our sponsor transferred 35,000 founder shares to each of our directors. The number
of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares
of common stock upon completion of this offering. Up to 937,500 founder shares were subject to forfeiture by our initial stockholders
depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. The over-allotment option was exercised
in full on May 6, 2021; thus, these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

As a result of redemptions in connection with the Extension, as of
the date of this Annual Report, the founder shares represent approximately 77.4 of our outstanding shares of common stock. 

Simultaneous with the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor
purchased 4,500,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant in a private placement, generating total proceeds
of 6,750,000. 

On May 6, 2021, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option
in full and we consummated the sale of an additional 500,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor at 1.50 per private placement
warrant, generating gross proceeds of 750,000. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors or any of their respective affiliates
are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates and determine which expenses and
the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

On January 8, 2021, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 200,000 to
be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering, pursuant to a promissory note issued by us to the sponsor. These
loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were originally due at the earlier of June 30, 2021 and the closing of our initial public
offering. On March 18, 2022, we amended and restated the promissory note originally issued to our sponsor on January 8, 2021, to extend
the due date of amounts outstanding under the promissory note to the earlier of December 31, 2022 and the date of consummation of our
initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 0 and 141,367 outstanding under the promissory note, respectively. 

On February 25, 2022 and August 26, 2022, we issued the 2022 Convertible
Promissory Notes to our sponsor pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 500,000 and 400,000, respectively.
The 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes are non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable upon consummation of our initial business combination.
At our sponsor s discretion, the 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes may be converted into warrants of the post-business combination
entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there
was a 900,000 balance outstanding under the 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes. 

On March 8, 2023, we issued the 2023 Convertible Promissory Note to
our sponsor pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 750,000. The 2023 Convertible Promissory Note is non-interest
bearing and payable upon the consummation of a business combination. At the sponsor s discretion, the 2023 Convertible Promissory
Note may be converted into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant, provided that the aggregate
of such warrants together with any warrants issued upon conversions pursuant to the 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes do not exceed 1,000,000
warrants. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

In connection with the Extension Payments, on March 17, 2023, we issued
the Extension Note to our sponsor. On March 17, 2023, we deposited an Extension Payment in the amount of 63,015, representing 0.03
per public share remaining in the trust account following redemptions, which enabled us to extend the period of time we had to consummate
an initial business combination by one month from March 19, 2023 to April 19, 2023. The extension was the first of nine one-month extensions
permitted under our charter. The Extension Note bears no interest and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation
our initial business combination. The Extension Note is not convertible into private placement warrants and the principal balance may
be prepaid at any time. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan us additional funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay
such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not
close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our
trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans (including the Convertible Promissory Notes) may be convertible
into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.
Prior to the completion of our business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, an affiliate
of our sponsor or our officers and directors, if any, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide
a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

60 

After our initial business combination, members of our management team
who remain with us, if any, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being
fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished
to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials
or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors
of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration rights agreement with the sponsor,
and our directors and officers, with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder
shares. 

Related Party Policy 

We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or
ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance
with any such policy. 

Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts
of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or
as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial
transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the Company. We filed our
Code of Ethics as an exhibit to the registration statement for our initial public offering. 

Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible
for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority
of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party
transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent
of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors
and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related
party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate
an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee
of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
or from an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore,
no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates,
for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following
payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion
of our initial business combination: 

repayment
 of an aggregate of up to 200,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related
 and organizational expenses; 

reimbursement
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial
 business combination; and 

re payment
 of loans which may be made by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and
 directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
 the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed
 with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at
 a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

61 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq rules require that a majority of our board of directors be independent
within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. We have three independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq rules and applicable SEC rules prior to completion
of this offering. Our board of directors has determined that each of Brett Barth, Lloyd Dean, Jack Hidary and Steven Klosk is an independent
director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent
registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
fees were approximately 138,720 and 81,352, respectively, for the services Withum performed in connection with reviews of our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, the audit of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report and services performed
in connection with our initial public offering. 

Audit-Related Fees. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, Withum did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax Fees . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, tax
fees were approximately 9,360 and 0, respectively, for services Withum provided to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no fees billed for services provided by Withum other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed in connection with the effectiveness
of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing
services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since
the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all audit services and
permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
 exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion
of the audit). 

62 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report or
incorporated herein by reference: 

(1) Our Financial Statements are listed on page F-1 of this Annual Report 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) Financial Statements Schedule 

None. 

63 

(3) Exhibits: 

The following documents are included as
exhibits to this Annual Report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 (1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 3.2 (2) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Monterey Bio Acquisition Corporation, dated March 15, 2023. 
 
 3.3 (3) 
 
 Bylaws. 
 
 4.1 (4) 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. 
 
 4.2 (4) 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 4.3 (4) 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. 
 
 4.4 (1) 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 16, 2021, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 4.5 (5) 
 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant. 
 
 10.1 (3) 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 8, 2021, issued to Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC. 
 
 10.2 (3) 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated January 8, 2021, between the Registrant and Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC. 
 
 10.3 (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 16, 2021, among the Registrant, Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC and each of the executive officers and directors of the Registrant. 
 
 10.4 (1) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 16, 2021, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 10.5 (2) 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 15, 2023, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 10.6 (1) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 16, 2021, among the Registrant, Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC and each of the executive officers and directors of the Registrant. 
 
 10.7 (1) 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 16, 2021, between the Registrant and Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC. 
 
 10.8 (1) 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. 
 
 10.9 (5) 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated March 18, 2022, issued to Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC. 
 
 10.10 (5) 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 25, 2022, issued to Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC. 
 
 10.11 (6) 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 26, 2022, issued by Golden Arrow Merger Corp. to Golden Arrow Sponsor LLC. 
 
 10.12 (7) 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 8, 2023, issued by Golden Arrow Merger Corp. to Golden Arrow Sponsor
LLC . 
 
 10.13 (2) 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 17, 2023, issued by Golden Arrow Merger Corp. to Golden Arrow Sponsor
LLC . 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-40223), filed with the SEC on March 22, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-40223), filed with the SEC on March 22, 2023. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
No. 333-253465), filed with the SEC on February 24, 2021. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1,
as amended (File No. 001-253465), filed with the SEC on March 5, 2021. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No.
001-40223), filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-40223), filed with the SEC on September 1, 2022. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to an
exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40223), filed with the SEC on March 10, 2023. 

ITEM 16. FORM
10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

64 

GOLDEN ARROW MERGER CORP. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-22 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of 

Golden Arrow Merger Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Golden Arrow Merger
Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional
funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by December 19, 2023, then the
Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and
subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 	 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2020. 

March 30, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

GOLDEN ARROW MERGER CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Promissory note related party 

Convertible notes - related party 

Income taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Warrant liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value, shares authorized, shares at a redemption value of per share at December 31, 2022 and per share at December 31, 2021 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding (excluding 28,750,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

GOLDEN ARROW MERGER CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Formation and operational costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Transaction costs allocated from initial public offering 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Total other income (expense), net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Basic net income per share, Class B common stock 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Diluted net income per share, Class B common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

GOLDEN ARROW MERGER CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 1, 2021 

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Accretion for Class A common stock subject to redemption amount 

Cash paid in excess of fair value of private warrants 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion for Class A common stock subject to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

GOLDEN ARROW MERGER CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transaction costs allocated from initial public offering 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Proceeds from convertible promissory notes - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of year 

Cash End of year 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Offering costs paid through promissory note 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

GOLDEN ARROW MERGER CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public
Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. On May 6, 2021, the Company
sold additional Units (the Additional Units at per Additional Unit, generating additional gross proceeds
of , which is also described in Note 3. The Additional Units were identical to the Units sold pursuant to the Initial Public
Offering. 

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Golden Arrow Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds
of , which is described in Note 4. 

, consisting
of in cash underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United
States and will be invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company
Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution
of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 

of the net assets
held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The
Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust
Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s
warrants. 

F- 7 

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the
Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period. 

). 

F- 8 

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per
Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due
to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third
party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply
to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver
is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm),
prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

and working
capital deficit of . The Company intends to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target
businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations
of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective
target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

of interest
income from the Trust Account to be used toward Delaware franchise tax and income tax obligations. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

shares of Class A
common stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the
Company s balance sheets. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

were charged against their carrying value
upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, and of the offering costs was related to the warrant liabilities and charged
to the statement of operations as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 11 

. The provision for income taxes was deemed to be immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had dilutive securities that are Public Warrants
and Private Placement Warrants that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of
the Company. The warrants are not exercisable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. As a result, diluted net income
per common share is the same as basic net income per common share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net income per common share 

F- 12 

Denominator: 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted net income per common share 

. The Company has significant cash balances at financial institutions which throughout the year regularly exceed
the federally insured limit of . Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on
the Company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts, and
management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Units, at a price of per Unit. On May 6, 2021, the Company sold Additional
Units at per Additional Unit. The Additional Units were identical to the Units sold pursuant to the Initial Public Offering. 

Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per warrant, or in the aggregate.
On May 6, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Additional Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private
Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, or in the aggregate, if the over-allotment option is exercised
in full or in part by the underwriters. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at
an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants
was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to
fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants will expire
worthless. 

F- 13 

to cover
certain of the Company s offering costs in consideration for the issuance of shares of the Company s Class B common
stock (the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the
extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares would equal,
on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering.
As a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option on May 6, 2021, no shares remain subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date
on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public
Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts of and outstanding under the Promissory Note, respectively,
which were originally due on March 19, 2021. On March 18, 2022, the Company amended and restated the Promissory Note to extend the due
date of amounts outstanding under the promissory note to the earlier of December 31, 2022 and the date of consummation of a Business Combination. 

of such Working Capital Loans may
be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was amount outstanding. 

. The promissory note is non-interest bearing and payable
upon the consummation of a Business Combination. At the Sponsor s discretion, the promissory note may be converted into warrants
of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
On August 26, 2022 the Company issued a second promissory note to the Sponsor pursuant to which it may borrow up to an aggregate principal
amount of . The promissory note is non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of a Business Combination. At the Sponsor s
discretion, the promissory note may be converted into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant.
The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts of and
 outstanding under the two promissory notes, respectively (together, the Convertible Promissory Notes ). The Convertible
Promissory Notes were valued using the fair value method. The fair value of the Convertible Promissory Notes as of December 31, 2022,
was , which resulted in a change in fair value of the convertible promissory note of for the year ended December 31, 2022
recorded in the statements of operations (see Note 10). 

F- 14 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 15 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in
the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

of the Founder Shares or transfer of the Founders
Shares. As of December 31, 2022, this compensation was deemed to not have been earned. 

in these consulting fees. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designation, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares
of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding
and all of which are subject to possible redemption and presented as temporary equity. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. 

of the total number of all shares of common stock
outstanding upon completion of the Proposed Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in
connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a
Business Combination. 

F- 16 

Public Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares.
No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become
exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

F- 17 

per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price
or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more
than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s Business Combination on
the date of the completion of such Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of
the Company s common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates
its Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the and
 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to and of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. 

Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold
in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of a Business
Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis
and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or its permitted transferees. If
the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement
Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

F- 18 

Start-up/organization expenses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and in
U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income, respectively. 

and ,
respectively. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 19 

in money market funds which are primarily invested in U.S. Treasury securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company withdrew in interest income from the Trust Account. 

in money market funds which are primarily invested in U.S. Treasury securities. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account. 

Liabilities: 

Warrant Liabilities Public Warrants 
 1 

Warrant Liabilities Public Warrants 
 2 

Warrant Liabilities Private Placement Warrants 
 3 

Convertible promissory notes related party 
 3 

F- 20 

Strike price 

Effective expiration date 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

Initial measurement, over-allotment 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Transfers to Level 1 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

the
Public Warrants were able to be separately traded. 

F- 21 

Strike price 

Expiration date of warrants 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

by the number of public shares then outstanding, up to a maximum of
 for each such one-month extension unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred,
in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination. 

shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately
 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately , leaving approximately in the trust account. 

shares of Class B common stock it held into shares of Class A common stock in accordance with the Company s charter (the
 Conversion ). Following the implementation of the Extension and the Conversion, the Company had shares of Class
A common stock outstanding and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. As of the date of this Annual Report, the founder shares
held by the initial stockholders represent approximately of the outstanding shares of common stock. 

F- 22 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Golden Arrow Merger Corp. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Timothy
 Babich 

Timothy Babich 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated
on March 30, 2023. 

Signatures 
 
 Capacity
 in Which Signed 

/s/ Timothy
 Babich 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Timothy Babich 
 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Jacob
 Doft 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Jacob Doft 

/s/ Lance
 Hirt 
 
 Director 
 
 Lance Hirt 

/s/ Andrew
 Rechtschaffen 
 
 Director 
 
 Andrew Rechtschaffen 

/s/ Brett
 Barth 
 
 Director 
 
 Brett Barth 

/s/ Lloyd
 Dean 
 
 Director 
 
 Lloyd Dean 

/s/ Jack Hidary 
 
 Director 
 
 Jack Hidary 

/s/ Steven
 Klosk 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven Klosk 

65 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_goldenarrow.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Timothy Babich, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Golden
Arrow Merger Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Timothy Babich 

Timothy Babich 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex32-1_goldenarrow.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Golden
Arrow Merger Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy Babich, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my
knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Timothy Babich 

Timothy Babich 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 gamc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 gamc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 gamc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 gamc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 gamc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

