<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_930245_0001472375-23-000058.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1690559</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>69725</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>392736</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>354348</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>344910</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>480905</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001472375-23-000058.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322154310
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001472375-23-000058
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL ACQUISITIONS Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000930245
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		IRS NUMBER:				880203976
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24970
		FILM NUMBER:		23752827

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6730 SOUTH LAS VEGAS BLVD.
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7023177301

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6730 SOUTH LAS VEGAS BLVD.
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALL AMERICAN SPORTPARK INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SAINT ANDREWS GOLF CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940916

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001472375-23-000058.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 ixform10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
 organization) 
 (I. R. S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. [ ] Yes 
 [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. [ ] Yes 
 [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). [X] [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a
smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] 
 Accelerated filer [ ] 

[X] 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [X] [ ] No 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market
value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately
 based on the last sale price reported for the registrant s Common
Stock on the OTC Markets Group Inc. Pink Tier of 0.52 per share. 

The number of shares of Common Stock, 0.001
par value, outstanding on March 22, 2023 was shares. 

ii 

GLOBAL ACQUISITIONS
 CORPORATION 

 FORM 10-K 

 INDEX 

Page 

Number 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 4 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 4 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 4 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 5 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 5 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 5 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 6 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 6 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 11 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 11 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 11 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 12 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 13 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 13 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 14 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 15 

iii 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 17 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 18 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 20 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 21 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10 K SUMMARY. 
 23 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets 
 F-2 

Statements of Operations 
 F-3 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

SIGNATURES 

iv 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

On October 18, 2016, the Company
completed the closing of the Transfer
Agreement for the sale and transfer of the Company s 51 interest in All
American Golf Center, Inc. AAGC ), which constituted substantially all of the
Company s assets. As a result of the closing of the Transfer Agreement, the
Company now has no or nominal operations and no or nominal assets and is
therefore considered to be a Shell Company as that term is defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). 

At this time, our purpose is to
seek, investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire an interest in
business opportunities presented to us by persons or firms who or which desire
to seek the perceived advantages of a corporation whose securities are
registered pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

HISTORICAL DEVELOPMENT 

The Company was incorporated in Nevada on March 6, 1984, under the name
 Sporting Life, Inc. The Company s name was changed to St. Andrews Golf
Corporation on December 27, 1988, to Saint Andrews Golf Corporation on
August 12, 1994, and to All-American SportPark, Inc. on December 14, 1998. Effective February 15, 2021 the name of the
Company was changed to Global Acquisitions Corporation. 

In December 1994, the Company completed an initial public offering of
1,000,000 Units, each Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock and one
Class A Warrant. The net proceeds to the Company from this public offering were
approximately 3,684,000. The Class A Warrants expired unexercised on March 15,
1999. 

On July 12, 1996, the Company entered into a lease agreement of land in Las
Vegas, Nevada, on which the Company developed a Golf Center and All-American
SportPark, SportPark properties. The discontinued SportPark that opened for
business in October 1998 was disposed of in May 2001. 

On June 15, 2011, the Company entered into a Stock Transfer Agreement with
Saint Andrews pursuant to which the Company transferred 49 of the outstanding
common stock of All-American Golf Center, Inc. ("AAGC"), a subsidiary
of the Company, to Saint Andrews Golf Shop, Ltd. ("Saint Andrews") in
exchange for the cancellation of 600,000 of debt owed by the Company to Saint
Andrews. 

Saint Andrews is owned by Ronald Boreta, the Company's President and a
Director and John Boreta, his brother. John Boreta is a principal shareholder
of the Company and became Director of the Company in 2012. The debt owed by the
Company to Saint Andrews was from advances made in the past by Saint Andrews to
provide the Company with working capital. 

On June
10, 2016, the Company entered into a Transfer Agreement for the sale and
transfer of the Company s remaining 51 interest in AAGC, which constituted
substantially all of the Company s assets. On October 18, 2016, the
Company completed the closing of the Transfer Agreement pursuant to which the
Company transferred the 51 interest in AAGC to Ronald Boreta and John Boreta
(the Boretas ), and also issued to the Boretas 1,000,000 shares of the
Company s common stock, in exchange for the cancellation of promissory notes
held by the Boretas and the interest accrued thereon totaling 8,864,255. 

1 

In
connection with the closing of the Transfer Agreement, AAGC assumed the
obligation of the Company to pay Ronald Boreta for deferred salary of 340,000.
In addition, AAGC cancelled 4,267,802 in advances previously made by it to the
Company to fund its operations. 

Also in
connection with the closing of the Transfer Agreement, entities controlled by
the Boretas cancelled 1,286,702 owed to them by the Company. The Company
cancelled 27,615 owed to the Company by entities controlled by the Boretas. 

As a
result of the closing of the Transfer Agreement, the Company now has nominal
operations and assets . 

BUSINESS PLAN 

Our business plan is to seek, investigate, and, if warranted, acquire an interest
in a business opportunity. Such an acquisition may be made by merger, exchange
of stock, or otherwise. We have very limited sources of capital, and will
likely be able to take advantage of only one business opportunity. As of the
date of this report we have been investigating business opportunities, but we
have not reached any preliminary or definitive agreements or understandings
with any person concerning an acquisition or merger. 

Our search for a business opportunity will not be limited to any particular
geographical area or industry and may include both U.S. and international
companies. Our management has complete discretion in seeking and participating
in a business opportunity, subject to the availability of such opportunities,
economic conditions and other factors. Our management believes that companies
who desire a public market to enhance liquidity for current stockholders, or
plan to acquire additional assets through issuance of securities rather than
for cash, will be potential merger or acquisition candidates. 

The selection of a business opportunity in which to participate may be
complex and will be made by management in the exercise of their business
judgment which may act without consent, vote, or approval of our shareholders.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify and merge with or acquire
any business opportunity which will ultimately prove to be beneficial to the
Company and our shareholders. Should a merger or acquisition prove
unsuccessful, it is possible management may decide not to pursue further
acquisition activities and management may abandon such a search and the Company
may become dormant or be dissolved. 

The Company expects that business
opportunities will come to our attention from various sources, including our
officers and directors, our stockholders, professional advisors, such as
securities broker-dealers, investment banking firms, venture capitalists and
others who may present unsolicited proposals. 

2 

Our management will analyze the
business opportunities; however, none of our management are professional
business analysts. Our management has had limited experience with mergers and
acquisitions of business opportunities. Our due diligence related to business
opportunities is expected to encompass, meetings with the target business s
management and inspection of its facilities, as necessary, as well as a review
of financial and other information which is made available to our management.
This due diligence review may be conducted either by our management or by
unaffiliated third parties we may engage. Our limited funds and the lack of
full-time management may limit our ability to conduct an exhaustive
investigation and analysis of a target business before we consummate a business
combination. We anticipate that we will rely upon funds provided by advances
and/or loans from management and significant stockholders to conduct the
investigation and analysis of any potential businesses opportunity. We may also
rely upon the issuance of our common stock in lieu of cash payments for
services or expenses related to any analysis. Management decisions, therefore,
will likely be made without independent analysis. We will likely make decisions
based on information provided by the promoters, owners or other persons
associated with the business opportunity. 

The legal structure of our
participation in a business opportunity may include, but will not be limited
to, leases, purchase and sale agreements, licenses, joint ventures and other
contractual arrangements. We may act directly or indirectly through an interest
in a partnership, corporation or other form of organization. We may be required
to merge, consolidate or reorganize with other corporations or forms of
business organizations. In addition, our present management and stockholders
most likely will not have control of a majority of our voting shares following
a merger or reorganization transaction. As part of such a transaction, our
existing directors may resign and new directors may be appointed to fill those
vacancies without any vote by our stockholders. 

Our participation in a business opportunity would likely come through the
issuance of common stock or other securities. 
In certain circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an
acquisition is a so-called "tax free" reorganization under Section
368(a) (1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code") depends upon whether the owners of the acquired business own
80 or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction were
structured to take advantage of these provisions rather than other "tax
free" provisions provided under the Code, all prior stockholders would in
that circumstance retain 20 or less of the total issued and outstanding shares
of the surviving entity. This would result in substantial dilution to the
equity of those persons who were our shareholders prior to such reorganization. 

Significant stockholders may actively negotiate or otherwise consent to the
purchase of all or a portion of their common stock as a condition to, or in
connection with, a proposed reorganization, merger or acquisition. It is not
anticipated that any such opportunity would be afforded to other stockholders
or that such other stockholders would be afforded the opportunity to approve or
consent to any particular stock buy-out transaction. We have not adopted any
procedures or policies for the review, approval or ratification of any related
party transactions. 

COMPETITION 

We face substantial competition in our effort to locate attractive business
opportunities. Business development companies, venture capital partnerships and
corporations, venture capital affiliates of large industrial and financial
companies, special purpose acquisition companies (SPACs), small investment
companies, and wealthy individuals are our primary competition. Many of these
entities have significantly greater experience, resources and managerial
capabilities than we do and may be in a better position than we are to obtain
access to attractive business opportunities. 

3 

COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAWS 

The Company is subject to the Exchange Act of 1934 and is required to file
annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on
a regular basis, and will be required to timely disclose certain material
events (e.g., changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a
significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; and
bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. We are also subject to Section
14(a) of the Exchange Act which requires the Company to comply with the rules
and regulations of the SEC regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in
Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our stockholders at a special or annual
meeting of stockholders or pursuant to a written consent will require us to
provide our stockholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C
of Regulation 14A; preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to
the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive copies of this
information are forwarded to our stockholders. 

Since we are a shell company, if we
were to acquire a non-reporting company, we would be required to file a Current
Report on Form 8-K that would include
all information about such non-reporting issuer as would have been required
to be filed by that entity had it filed a Form 10 Registration Statement with
the SEC. 

EMPLOYEES 

The Company currently has no employees. 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

Not required. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

The Company has no properties. The Company s corporate offices are located at
6730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119 in space shared with
AAGC. 

4 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company is not presently a party to any legal proceedings, except for
routine litigation that is incidental to the Company s business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

This item is not applicable to the Company. 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS,
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

MARKET INFORMATION. The Company s common stock is currently traded in the
over-the-counter market and is quoted on the OTC Markets Group Inc. Pink Tier
under the symbol AASP. 

The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices of the common
stock for the periods indicated. 

HIGH 
 
 LOW 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 
 0.71 
 
 0.33 

Second Quarter 
 
 0.64 
 
 0.28 

Third Quarter 
 
 0.45 
 
 0.27 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 0.40 
 
 0.28 

Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

First Quarter 
 
 2.05 
 
 0.43 

Second Quarter 
 
 1.90 
 
 0.77 

Third Quarter 
 
 1.70 
 
 0.51 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 0.91 
 
 0.35 

5 

HOLDERS 

The number of holders of record of the Company s 0.001 par value common
stock as of March 10, 2023 was approximately 650. This does not include
approximately 400 shareholders who hold stock in their accounts at
broker/dealers. 

DIVIDENDS 

Holders of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be
declared by the Company s Board of Directors. No dividends have been paid with
respect to the Company s common stock and no dividends are expected to be paid
in the foreseeable future. It is the present policy of the Board of Directors
to retain all earnings to provide for the growth of the Company. Payment of
cash dividends in the future will depend, among other things, upon the
Company s future earnings, requirements for capital improvements and financial
condition. 

SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES. 

During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company had no sales of
unregistered securities. 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following information should be read in conjunction with the Company s
Financial Statements and the Notes thereto included in this report. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). In connection with the
preparation of the financial statements, we are required to make assumptions
and estimates about future events that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our
assumption and estimate on historical experience and other factors that
management believes are relevant at the time our financial statements are
prepared. On a periodic basis, management reviews the accounting policies,
assumptions and estimates to ensure that our financial statements are presented
fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their
effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from
the estimates and assumptions, and such differences could be material. 

Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2, Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Financial Statements. The
following accounting policies are most critical in fully understanding and
evaluating our reported financial results. 

6 

Use of
Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant
estimates and assumptions made by management include, but are not limited to,
the determination of the provision for income taxes. The Company bases the
estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair
value of financial instruments 

The Company adopted the ASC-820 Fair Value Measurement related to fair
value measurement at inception. The standard defines fair value, establishes a
framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure of fair value
measurements. The standard applies under other accounting pronouncements that
require or permit fair value measurements and, accordingly, does not require
any new fair value measurements. The standard clarifies that fair value is an
exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be
determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
an asset or liability. The recorded values of long-term debt approximate their
fair values, as interest approximates market rates. As a basis for considering
such assumptions, the standard established a three-tier fair value hierarchy,
which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1: Observable inputs
such as quoted prices in active markets; 

Level 2: Inputs, other than
quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or
indirectly; and 

Level
3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which
require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
carrying amount of prepaid, accounts payable and accrued liability and due to
related parties approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these
instruments. 

Earnings per share 

Basic earnings per share excludes
any dilutive effects of options, warrants and convertible securities. Basic
earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding
common shares during the applicable period. Diluted earnings per share is
computed using the weighted average number of common and dilutive common stock
equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Common stock equivalent shares
are excluded from the computation if their effect is antidilutive. 

7 

RECENT ACCOUNTING
PRONOUNCEMENTS 

The Company believes there was no new accounting
guidance adopted but not yet effective that either has not already been
disclosed in prior reporting periods or is relevant to the readers of the
Company s financial statements. 

OVERVIEW OF CURRENT OPERATIONS 

On October 18, 2016, the Company completed the closing of the Transfer
Agreement for the sale and transfer of the Company s 51 interest in All
American Golf Center, Inc. AAGC ), which constituted substantially all of the
Company s assets. As a result of the closing of the Transfer Agreement, the
Company now has no or nominal operations and no or nominal assets and is
therefore considered to be a Shell Company as that term is defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

At this time, our purpose is to seek, investigate and, if such investigation
warrants, acquire an interest in business opportunities presented to us by
persons or firms who or which desire to seek the perceived advantages of a
corporation whose securities are registered pursuant to the Exchange Act. We will not restrict our search to any
specific business or geographical location. 

This discussion of our proposed business is purposefully general and is not
meant to be restrictive of our discretion to search for and enter into
potential business opportunities. 

Management anticipates that we may be able to participate in only one
potential business venture because we have nominal assets and limited financial
resources. This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk
to our shareholders because it will not permit us to offset potential losses
from one venture against gains from another. 

We may seek a business opportunity with entities that have recently
commenced operations, or that wish to utilize the public marketplace in order
to raise additional capital in order to expand into new products or markets, to
develop a new product or service, or for other corporate purposes. We may
acquire assets and establish wholly-owned subsidiaries in various businesses or
acquire existing businesses as subsidiaries. 

The Company has not entered into any definitive or binding agreements and
there are no assurances that such transactions will occur. Such a combination would normally take the
form of a merger, stock-for-stock exchange or stock-for-assets exchange. The Company may determine to structure any
business combination to be within the definition of a tax-free reorganization
under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. 

It is anticipated that any securities issued in any such business
combination would be issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration
under applicable federal and state securities laws. In some circumstances,
however, as a negotiated element of its transaction, the Company may agree to
register all or a part of such securities immediately after the transaction is
consummated or at specified times thereafter. If such registration occurs, it
will be undertaken by the surviving entity after the Company has entered into
an agreement for a business combination or has consummated a business
combination. The issuance of additional securities and their potential sale
into any trading market in the Company's securities may depress the market
value of the Company's securities in the future. 

8 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 VERSUS YEAR ENDING
DECEMBER 31, 2021. 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE G A 

G A expenses consist principally of administrative payroll, professional
fees, and other corporate costs. These expenses decreased by 40,934 to 57,428
in 2022 from 98,362 in 2021. The decrease is attributed to a 26,065 decrease
in legal expenses from 2021 and a decrease of 10,103 for professional fees
paid in connection with the Company s name change in 2021. 

NET LOSS 

In 2022, the net loss from operations was 57,428 as compared to net loss of
 98,362 in 2021. The decrease in the net loss was due to decreased legal fees
and professional fees in 2022. 

CASH FLOW 

The net cash used for operating activities decreased from 109,833 in 2021
to 59,584 in 2022. The net cash provided by financing activities from related
parties were equal to these amounts in each year. The Company was dependent on related
parties to fund its operation. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCE 

We currently have no cash and do not have an ongoing source of revenue
sufficient to cover our operating costs. 
We intend to obtain funding from related parties to cover our expenses;
however, there is no assurance that such funding will continue to be
available. Our ability to continue as a
going concern on a long term basis is dependent upon our ability to find a
suitable business opportunity and acquire or enter into a merger with such
company. 

During the next 12 months we anticipate incurring additional costs related
to the filing of Exchange Act reports. We believe we will be able to meet these
costs through advances and loans provided by management. We may also rely on the issuance of our
common stock in lieu of cash to convert debt or pay for expenses. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This document contains forward-looking statements. All statements other
than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for
purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to,
any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items; any statements
of the plans, strategies and objections of management for future operations;
any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements
regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements or belief;
and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

9 

Forward-looking statements may include the words may, could, estimate, 
 intend, continue, believe, expect or anticipate or other similar
words. These forward-looking statements present our estimates and assumptions
only as of the date of this report. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
dates on which they are made. We do not undertake to update forward-looking
statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after
the dates they are made. You should, however, consult further disclosures we
make in future filings of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable,
actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any
of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results
of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change.
The factors affecting these risks and uncertainties include, but are not
limited to: 

the inability of management to effectively implement our strategies and business plan; 

the willingness of management to pay for our ongoing expenses; and 

the other risks and uncertainties detailed in this report. 

COVID-19 IMPACT 

The COVID-19 outbreak and pandemic has resulted in a
widespread health crisis that could materially and adversely affect the
economies and financial markets worldwide. In addition, the operations
and financial position of any potential target business with which we
consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued
concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel limit the ability to have
meetings with the personnel and representatives of potential target companies
and may adversely affect our ability to negotiate and consummate a transaction
in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our search for a
business combination will depend on future developments which are uncertain and
cannot be predicted. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of
global concern continue for an extensive period, our ability to consummate a
business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we
ultimately consummate a business combination may be materially adversely
affected. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

Not required. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements are set forth on pages F-1 through F-11 hereto. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

10 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s management
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act).
Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report due to a
control deficiency. Specifically, at December 31, 2022 we did not have
sufficient personnel to allow segregation of duties to ensure the completeness
or accuracy of our information. Due to the size of the Company and its limited
operations, we are unable to remediate this deficiency until we acquire or
merge with another company. 

11 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(f). 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework,
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO Framework ). Based on our evaluation under the COSO Framework, our
management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not
effective as of December 31, 2022. 
Specifically we did not have sufficient personnel to allow segregation
of duties to ensure the completeness or accuracy of our information. Due to the
size of the Company and its limited operations, we are unable to remediate this
deficiency until we acquire or merge with another company. 

The annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered
public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm
pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that
permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

There were no changes in internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

12 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Directors and Executive Officers of the Company are as follows: 

NAME 
 AGE 
 POSITIONS AND OFFICES HELD 

Ronald S. Boreta 
 60 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 

Steven Miller 
 79 
 Director 

John Boreta 
 62 
 Director 

Ronald Boreta and John Boreta are brothers. There are no other family
relationships between any of the Directors and Executive Officers of the
Company. 

Cara Corrigan, who previously served as a Director of the Company, resigned
as a Director in February 2023. Ms. Corrigan s resignation was due to personal
reasons and not because of a disagreement with the Company on any matter
relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

The Company does not currently have an audit committee or an audit
committee financial expert because it is not legally required to have one and
due to the limited size of the Company's operations, it is not deemed
necessary. The Company presently has no compensation or nominating committee. 

All Directors hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Officers of the Company are elected annually by, and serve at the discretion
of, the Board of Directors. 

The following sets forth biographical information as to the business
experience of each officer and director of the Company for at least the past
five years. 

RONALD S. BORETA has served as President of the Company since 1992, Chief
Executive officer (Principal Executive Officer) since August 1994, Principal
Financial Officer since February 2004, and a Director since its inception in
1984. The Company employed him from its inception in March 1984, with the
exception of a 6-month period in 1985 when he was employed by a franchisee of
the Company located in San Francisco, California, until June 2016 when the
Company transferred its interests in AACG. 
Since that time he has been employed by AAGC as its President. Prior to his employment by the Company, Mr.
Boreta was an assistant golf professional at San Jose Municipal Golf Course in
San Jose, California, and had worked for two years in South San Francisco,
California. 

13 

Mr. Boreta currently devotes approximately 60 of his time to the business
of the Company. Ronald S. Boreta was
selected to be a Director of the Company because of his long experience with
the Company and because he has served as its sole executive officer for many
years. He has also served as an
executive officer and director of another publicly-held company, Sports
Entertainment Enterprises, Inc. (subsequently named "CKX, Inc."). 

STEVEN MILLER is the Chief Executive Officer of Agassi
Enterprises and Agassi Graf Holdings since January 2009. He is responsible for the leadership and
operation of two for-profit entities. He
is responsible for the coordination of business ventures, strategies and
personnel evaluations, as well as managing and representing the Agassi Graf
Lifestyle brand. Since January 2008, Mr. Miller has also served as CEO of the
Andre Agassi Foundation for Education. In that capacity, he is responsible for
the leadership and operation of the Foundation enterprise, and managing the
financial portfolio. From May 2008 to April 2010, Mr. Miller was the CEO
of Power Plate International, and Executive Chairman of the Board of
Directors. He previously served as a
senior analyst and adjunct professor at the University of Oregon s Warsaw
Sports Marketing Center; President of Devine Sports in Chicago; and President
and CEO of the Professional Bowlers Association in Seattle. 

Agassi ASI Group, LLC and Investment AKA, LLC currently hold approximately
35 of the Company's outstanding common stock. Both of these are limited
liability companies whose members include Andre K. Agassi. The election of Mr.
Miller to the Board of Directors may be considered to be a result of the
relationship of Mr. Miller to Andre Agassi. 

JOHN BORETA was elected to the Board during the third quarter of 2013. John
has served as General Manager of the golf center that was owned by the Company
until October 2016 (now named the Las Vegas Golf Center since its inception
in 1997. He is involved in all aspects of the day to day operation of the
facility. John moved to Las Vegas in 1981 to work in the family golf business,
Las Vegas Golf and Tennis. He was involved in the daily store operations as a
retail sales manager, as well as mail-order sales supervisor. He was promoted
to store manager for a store that exceeded 10 million in sales annually. In
addition to his involvement with TaylorMade Golf Experience, he is co-owner of 2
golf retail stores in Las Vegas, including the Saint Andrews Golf Shop which is
a tenant at the golf center, with his brother, Ronald S. Boreta. 

14 

SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL REPORTING COMPLIANCE 

Based solely on a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished
to the Company during its most recent fiscal year, and Forms 5 and amendments
thereto furnished to the Company with respect to its most recent fiscal year
and certain written representations, no persons who were either a director,
officer, beneficial owner of more than 10 of the Company's common stock,
failed to file on a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act during the most recent fiscal year. 

CODE OF ETHICS 

The Board of Directors adopted a Code of Ethics on March 26, 2008. The Code
of Ethics was filed as Exhibit 14 to the Company's Report on Form 10-KSB for
the year ended December 31, 2007. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation
received for services rendered in all capacities to the Company for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by the Company's President. The Company has no
other executive officers. 

 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION 
 YEAR 
 
 SALARY ) 
 
 BONUS ) 
 
 STOCK AWARDS ) 
 OPTION AWARDS ) 
 
 ALL OTHER COMPEN- SATION ) 
 
 TOTAL ) 

Ronald S. Boreta, President 
 2022 
 
 - 
 
 0 
 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

2021 
 
 - 
 
 0 
 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

There were no outstanding equity awards held by executive officers at
December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 

Directors who are not employees of the Company do not receive any fees for
meetings that they attend, but they are entitled to reimbursement for
reasonable expenses incurred while attending such meetings. In 2022 and 2021 no
compensation was paid to the Company s directors for their services. 

15 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

Effective August 1, 1994, the Company entered into an employment agreement
with Ronald S. Boreta, the Company's President, and Chief Executive Officer,
pursuant to which he received a base salary that was increased to 120,000 in beginning
the year ended December 31, 1996. The term of the employment agreement ended in
May 2013, but he continued to be employed by the Company on the same basis.
Ronald S. Boreta received the use of an automobile, for which the Company paid
all expenses and full medical and dental coverage. These arrangements ended in
connection with the closing of the Transfer Agreement in October 2016. Ronald S. Boreta has agreed that for a period
of three years from the termination of his employment agreement that he will
not engage in a trade or business similar to that of the Company. 

16 

ITEM 12. SECUIRTY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of March 22, 2023 the stock ownership of
each person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of five percent or
more of the Company s common stock, each Executive Officer and Director
individually, and all Directors and Executive Officers of the Company as a
group. Except as noted, each person has sole voting and investment power with
respect to the shares. 

NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
 AMOUNT AND NATURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 
 PERCENT OF CLASS 

Ronald S. Boreta 6730 Las Vegas Blvd. South Las Vegas, NV 89119 
 960,484 1) 
 16.98 

ASI Group, LLC Investment AKA, LLC c/o
 Agassi Enterprises, Inc. 3883 Howard Hughes Pkwy, 8 th
 Fl. Las Vegas, NV 89109 
 1,589,167 (4) 
 28.09 

John
 Boreta 6730
 Las Vegas Blvd. South Las Vegas, NV 89119 
 811,439 (2) 
 14.34 

Boreta
 Enterprises, Ltd. 6730
 Las Vegas Blvd. South Las Vegas, NV 89119 
 360,784 (3) 
 6.38 

Steve Miller 3883 Howard Hughes Pkwy., 8 th Fl. Las Vegas, NV 
 89169 
 34,000 (5) 
 0.60 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (3 persons) 
 1,805,923 (6) 
 31.92 

(1) Includes 602,229 shares held
directly; 248,255 shares which represents Ronald Boreta's share of the Common
Stock held by Boreta Enterprises, Ltd.; and 110,000 shares held by his son. 

(2) Includes 591,735 shares held directly; 108,704 shares which represents
John Boreta's share of the Common Stock held by Boreta Enterprises Ltd.; and
110,000 shares held by his daughter. 

17 

(3) Direct ownership of shares held by Boreta Enterprises Ltd., a limited
liability company owned by Ronald and John Boreta and the Estate of Vaso Boreta.
Boreta Enterprises Ltd. percentage ownership is as follows: 

Ronald S. Boreta 
 68.81 

John Boreta 
 30.13 

Estate of Vaso Boreta 
 1.06 

(4) ASI Group LLC and Investment
AKA, LLC are both Nevada limited liability company s whose members include
Andre K. Agassi. 

(5) All shares are owned directly. 

(6) Includes shares beneficially held by the three named Directors and
Executive Officers. 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no compensation plans (including
individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the
Company were authorized for issuance in the future. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Related Party Transactions 

The Company has received funding for operations from various stores owned by
Ronald Boreta and John Boreta. These funds helped pay for office supplies,
phone charges, postages and salaries. The net amount due to these stores
totaled 531,378 and 471,820 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The amounts are non-interest bearing and due out of available cash flows of the
Company. 

Director Independence 

The Company has determined that Steve Miller is an independent director as
defined under the rules used by the NASDAQ Stock Market. 

18 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

AUDIT FEES 

The aggregate fees billed for fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
by RBSM LLP for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s
annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the
Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q were 36,500 during each year. 

AUDIT RELATED FEES

Not Applicable.

TAX FEES 

The aggregate fees billed for tax services rendered by RBSM LLP for tax
compliance and tax advice for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
were 5,000 during each year. 

ALL OTHER FEES 

None. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL POLICY 

Under provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Company s principal
accountant may not be engaged to provide non-audit services that are prohibited
by law or regulation to be provided by it, and the Board of Directors (which
serves as the Company s audit committee) must pre-approve the engagement of the
Company s principal accountant to provide audit and permissible non-audit
services. The Company s Board has not established policies or procedures other
than those required by applicable laws and regulations. 

19 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

EXHIBIT 

NUMBER 
 DESCRIPTION 
 LOCATION 

2.1 
 Transfer Agreement dated June 10, 2016, among All-American SportPark, Inc. and Ronald Boreta and John Boreta 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 10, 2017 

3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form SB-2 Registration Statement (No. 33-84024) 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form SB-2 Registration Statement (No. 33-84024) 

3.3 
 Revised Bylaws 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Form SB-2 Registration Statement (No. 33-08424) 

3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment Articles of Incorporation Series A Convertible Preferred 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Annual report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1998 

3.5 
 Certificate of Designation Series B Convertible Preferred 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1998 

3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation - Name change 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1998 

20 

3.7 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 15, 2022 

3.8 
 Certificate of Withdrawal for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 3, 2022 

3.9 
 Certificate of Withdrawal for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 3, 2022 

10.1 
 Employment Agreement With Ronald S. Boreta 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form SB-2 Registration Statement (No. 33-84024) 

10.2 
 Employment Agreement between John Boreta and All-American Golf Center, Inc. dated June 19, 2009 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2009 

10.3 
 Addendum No. 2 to Employment Agreement between Ronald Boreta and All-American SportPark, Inc. dated June 15, 2009. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2009 

10.4 
 Agreement with AKA Investments, LLC dated September 23, 2009 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2009 

14 
 Code of Ethics 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2007 

21 

31 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith electronically 

32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Filed herewith electronically 

ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY. 

Not provided. 

22 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of 

 Global Acquisitions Corporation 

Opinion on the
Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Global Acquisitions Corporation
(the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of
operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

The
Company's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a
going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the accompanying financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, generated negative
cash flows from operating activities, and has an accumulated deficit that
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management s
plan in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period
audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the financial statements, and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

//s// 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

March 22, 2023 

F-1 

GLOBAL ACQUISITIONS
CORPORATION 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Commitment and Contingencies 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 - 

- 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 

) 

Total stockholder s deficit 
 
 ) 

) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-2 

GLOBAL ACQUISITIONS
CORPORATION 

S TATEMENTS OF O PERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Operating Expenses: 

General administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Total expense 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net loss before provision for income tax 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Provision for income tax expense 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and fully diluted 

Net loss per share basic and fully diluted 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F-3 

GLOBAL ACQUISITIONS
CORPORATION 

S TATEMENTS O F STOCKHOLDERS 
D EFICIT 

 F OR T HE Y EARS E NDED D ECEMBER
31, 2022 A ND 2021 

Shares 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

) 
 ) 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

) 
 ) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

) 
 ) 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 5,658,123 

) 
 ) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4 

GLOBAL ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 
 
 ) 

) 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 ) 

) 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 ) 

) 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

- 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 
 
 - 

- 

Cash, beginning of year 
 
 - 

- 

Cash, end of year 
 
 - 

- 

Supplemental Disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for taxes 
 
 - 

- 

Cash paid for Interest 
 
 - 

- 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash and financing activities 
 
 - 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F-5 

GLOBAL ACQUISITIONS
CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of the Company s common stock, in
exchange for the cancellation of promissory notes held by the Boretas and
accrued interest of . 

In connection with the closing of the Transfer Agreement,
AAGC assumed the obligation of the Company to pay Ronald Boreta for deferred
salary of . In addition, AAGC cancelled 4,267,802 in advances
previously made by it to the Company to fund its operations. 

Also in connection with the closing of the Transfer
Agreement, entities controlled by the Boretas cancelled owed to them
by the Company. In addition, the Company cancelled of amounts due from
entities controlled by the Boretas. 

Also, as a result of the Transfer Agreement, on October
18, 2016, the Company derecognized the assets and liabilities of AAGC. 

The sale and transfer of the
Company s interest in AAGC to the controlling shareholders of the Company
is a common control transaction and recorded at book value. Any difference
between the proceeds received by the Company and the book value of assets and
liabilities of AAGC, cancellation of promissory notes and accrued interest,
assumption of deferred salary, cancellation of amounts due to and due from
entities controlled by the Boretas is recognized as a capital transaction with
no gain or loss recorded 

b. BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance
with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. GAAP ). 

c. BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 

At this time, the Company s purpose is to seek, investigate and, if such
investigation warrants, acquire an interest in business opportunities presented
to the Company by persons or firms who or which desire to seek the perceived
advantages of a corporation whose securities are registered pursuant to the
Exchange Act. The Company will not
restrict our search to any specific business or geographical location. 

d. COVID-19 IMPACT 

The COVID-19 outbreak and pandemic has resulted in a
widespread health crisis that could materially and adversely affect the
economies and financial markets worldwide. In addition, the operations
and financial position of any potential target business with which we
consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued
concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel limit the ability to have
meetings with the personnel and representatives of potential target companies
and may adversely affect our ability to negotiate and consummate a transaction
in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our search for a
business combination will depend on future developments which are uncertain and
cannot be predicted. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of
global concern continue for an extensive period, our ability to consummate a
business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we
ultimately consummate a business combination may be materially adversely
affected. 

The Company follows the accounting guidance which provides that a tax
benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely
than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including
resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the
technical merits. Income tax positions must meet a more-likely-than-not
recognition threshold at the effective date to be recognized initially and in
subsequent periods. Also included is guidance on measurement, de-recognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods,
disclosure and transition. 

in 2022 and in 2021, respectively. 

Policies End 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of and a stockholder deficit of . These factors
raise substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going
concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. 

The Company s management believes that its operations may not be sufficient
to fund operating cash needs over at least the next 12 months. The Company has
no significant assets and continues to depend on affiliates to provide funds to
pay its ongoing expenses. There can be no assurance however that the Company
will be able to raise additional capital when needed, or at terms deemed
acceptable, if at all. 

The financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset
carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might
result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

and , respectively. 

, which reduced the Company s net deferred tax assets, before
valuation allowance, by million. Due to full valuation allowance, the
change in deferred taxes was fully offset by the change in valuation allowance. 

The components of income tax provision (benefit)
for the years ended December 31,2022 and 2021 are as follow: 

A reconciliation of the income tax (provision)
benefit at the statutory rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

Change in valuation reserve on deferred tax assets 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

Significant components of the Company s deferred
tax assets (liabilities) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation reserve 
 
 () 

() 

Net deferred tax assets (liability) 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had available for income tax
purposes approximately million and million respectively in federal
net operating loss carry forwards, which may be available to offset future
taxable income. These loss carry-forwards expire in 2022 through 2040. The
Company may be limited by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 in its ability to
fully utilize its net operating loss carry forwards due to possible future
ownership changes. Management has established a 100 valuation allowance
against the net deferred tax asset since it appears more likely than not that
it will not be realized. 

The provision (benefit) for income taxes attributable to income (loss) from
continuing operations does not differ materially from the amount computed at
the federal income tax statutory rate. 

par value, shares authorized, shares
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. The Company s Board of Directors shall determine the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividends rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption,
liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series. 

COMMON STOCK 

Effective February 15, 2021, the number of authorized common stock,
 par
value, was increased to shares. There were and shares of common stock issued and
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Notes End 

F-11 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned there under duly
authorized. 

GLOBAL ACQUISTIONS CORPORATION. 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ronald Boreta 

Ronald S. Boreta, Chief Executive Officer (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

SIGNATURE 
 TITLE 
 DATE 

/s/ Ronald Boreta 
 President (Chief Executive Officer), Treasurer (Principal Financial
 Officer) and Director 
 March 22, 2023 

Ronald S. Boreta 

/s/ Steven Miller 
 Director 
 March 22, 2023 

Steven Miller 

/s/ John Boreta 
 Director 
 March 22, 2023 

John Boreta 

<EX-31>
 2
 exhibit31.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Global Acquisitions Corporation - Exhibit 31 

EXHIBIT 31 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ronald Boreta, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Acquisitions Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Ronald Boreta 

 Ronald Boreta 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) and 

 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 exhibit32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Global Acquisitions Corporation - Exhibit 32 

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 GLOBAL
ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

I hereby
certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global
Acquisitions Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

(1) 
 complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of Global Acquisitions Corporation 

Dated: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Ronald Boreta 

 Ronald Boreta 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) and 

 Principal Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been
provided to Global Acquisitions Corporation and will be retained by Global
Acquisitions Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 global930245-20221231.xsd
 SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 global930245-20221231_def.xml
 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 global930245-20221231_lab.xml
 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 global930245-20221231_pre.xml
 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

