<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1600422_0001493152-23-007804.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6858811</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>246403</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1116640</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2304819</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1275606</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1709450</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007804.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315184429
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007804
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Superior Drilling Products, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001600422
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		IRS NUMBER:				464341605
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36453
		FILM NUMBER:		23736626

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1583 SOUTH 1700 EAST
		CITY:			VERNAL
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84078
		BUSINESS PHONE:		435-789-0594

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1583 SOUTH 1700 EAST
		CITY:			VERNAL
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84078

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SD Co Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007804.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

 or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Transition Period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Name
of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Issuer s
Telephone Number: 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class: 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered: 

American 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued
its audit report 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes 
No 

The
aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately based
on the closing market price of 0.99 per share. Shares of common stock held by executive officers and directors of the registrant are
not included in the computation. The registrant, solely for the purpose of this required presentation, has deemed its executive officers
and directors to be affiliates. 

The
registrant had issued and outstanding shares of its common stock on March 15, 2023. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: . 

SUPERIOR
DRILLING PRODUCTS, INC. 

 FORM
10-K 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

4 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 21 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 
 RESERVED 
 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 52 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 52 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 52 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 52 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 53 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 
 
 58 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 60 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 60 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 66 

SIGNATURES 

67 

2 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Statements contained in all parts of this document that are not historical
facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are beyond the control of Superior Drilling Products,
Inc. (the Company or SDPI ). You can identify the Company s forward-looking statements by the words
 anticipate, estimate, expect, may, project, believe 
and similar expressions, or by the Company s discussion of strategies or trends. Although the Company believes that the expectations
reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, no assurances can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct.
The forward-looking statements contained in or incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K are largely based on our expectations, which
reflect estimates and assumptions made by our management. These estimates and assumptions reflect our best judgment based on currently
known market conditions and other factors. Although we believe such estimates and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently uncertain
and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control, including: 

the
 continued impact of COVID-19 on domestic and global economic conditions and the future impact
 of such conditions on the oil and gas industry and the demand for our services; 

the
 volatility of oil and natural gas prices; 

the
 cyclical nature of the oil and gas industry; 

availability
 of financing and access to capital markets; 

our
 reliance on significant customers; 

consolidation
 within our customers industries; 

competitive
 products and pricing pressures; 

our
 ability to develop and commercialize new and/or innovative drilling and completion tool technologies; 

fluctuations
 in our operating results; 

our
 dependence on key personnel; 

costs
 and availability of raw materials; 

our
 dependence on third party suppliers; 

unforeseen
 risks in our manufacturing processes; 

the
 need for skilled workers; 

our
 ability to successfully manage our growth strategy; 

unanticipated
 risks associated with, and our ability to integrate, acquisitions; 

current
 and potential governmental regulatory actions in the United States and regulatory actions
 and political unrest in other countries, specifically the Middle East region and Eastern
 Europe; 

the
 potential impact of the coronavirus, variants of the coronavirus or other major health crises
 on our business and results of operations, including the impact to our supply chain; 

terrorist
 threats or acts, war and civil disturbances; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property; 

impact
 of environmental matters, including future environmental regulations; 

implementing
 and complying with safety policies; 

breaches
 of security in our information systems and other cybersecurity risks; 

related
 party transactions with our founders; and 

risks
 associated with our common stock. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. These factors are not intended to represent a complete list of the general
or specific factors that may affect us. The events in Russia and surrounding areas may result in political instability and may add a
potential risk. 

In
addition, management s assumptions about future events may prove to be inaccurate. All readers are cautioned that the forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not guarantees of future performance, and we cannot assure any reader that
such statements will be realized or that the forward-looking events and circumstances will occur. Actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements due to factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors included
elsewhere in this prospectus and in the documents that we include as exhibits to this Annual Report, and our subsequent SEC filings.
All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking
statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Our
Company 

Superior
Drilling Products, Inc. (the Company , SDPI , we , our or us is an
innovative drilling and completion tool technology company providing cost saving solutions that drive production efficiencies for the
oil and natural gas drilling industry. Our headquarters and manufacturing operations are located in Vernal, Utah. Our drilling solutions
include the patented Drill-N-Ream well bore conditioning tool Drill-N-Ream tool or DNR and the patented
Strider Drill String Oscillation System technology Strider technology or Strider ). In addition, the
Company is a manufacturer and refurbisher of PDC (polycrystalline diamond compact) drill bits. We operate a state-of-the-art fabrication
facility where we manufacture solutions for the drilling industry, as well as various customers custom products in other industries.
We are also developing a Middle East repair center. 

Our
history dates back to 1995 when we were founded by Troy and Annette Meier as a drill bit refurbishment company. Our co-founder, Troy
Meier, developed the first commercially-viable process for refurbishing PDC drill bits after a successful 13-year career with a predecessor
of Baker Hughes Inc. He was also co-inventor of the patented Drill-N-Ream tool. We were incorporated on December 10, 2013 under
the name SD Company, Inc. in order to facilitate (a) the reorganization of the entities that are now our consolidated subsidiaries and
(b) the subsequent acquisition of Hard Rock Solutions, LLC HR ). We changed our name from SD Company Inc. to Superior Drilling
Products, Inc. on May 22, 2014 in conjunction with closing of that reorganization and our initial public offering, which occurred on
May 23, 2014 Offering or IPO ). Our corporate headquarters and manufacturing operations are located in Vernal,
Utah. Our common stock trades on the NYSE American exchange under the ticker symbol SDPI . 

Our
subsidiaries include (a) Superior Drilling Solutions, LLC (previously known as Superior Drilling Products, LLC), a Utah limited liability
company SDS ), together with its wholly owned subsidiary Superior Design and Fabrication, LLC, a Utah limited liability
company SDF ), (b) Extreme Technologies, LLC, a Utah limited liability company ET ), (c) Meier Properties
Series, LLC, a Utah limited liability company MPS ), (d) Meier Leasing, LLC, a Utah limited liability company ML ),
and (e) HR. 

Global
Market Conditions 

The
oil and gas industry has been in a rapid recovery the last two years following the significant fall off of activity with the global pandemic
in March 2020.Activity in the oil field is typically measured by rig counts. Total U.S. rig count as reported by Baker Hughes as of March
3, 2023 was 749 rigs, an increase of 99 rigs from the rig count as of December 31, 2021. 

The
Middle East market began to improve during 2022 after a slow rebound from the COVID-19 impact. Total rig count in that region as of February
28, 2023 was 327 compared with 282 at the same time last year. 

Background
of Business 

We
innovate, design, engineer, manufacture, sell, and repair drilling and completion tools in the United States, Canada, and the Middle
East. 

We
currently have three basic operations: 

Our
 PDC drill bit and other tool refurbishing and manufacturing service, 

Our
 emerging technologies business that manufactures the Drill-N-Ream tool, our innovative drill
 string enhancement tool, the Strider technology and other tools, and 

Our
 new product development business that conducts our research and development, and designs
 our horizontal drill string enhancement tools, other down-hole drilling technologies, and
 drilling tool manufacturing technologies. 

4 

Our
strategy for growth is to expand the global market penetration of our current drilling tool solutions and to leverage our expertise in
drilling tool technologies and precision machining in order to broaden our product offerings and solutions for the oil and gas industry,
as well as other industries that require precision machining and quality. We believe through our patented technologies, as well as technologies
under development, that we can offer the oil and gas industry the solutions it demands to improve drilling efficiencies and reduce production
costs. 

Major
Customers 

The
Company has Vendor Agreements with Baker Hughes Oilfield Operations LLC Baker Hughes ), Drilling Tools International DTI ),
Weatherford U.S., L.P. Weatherford ), Odfjell Drilling, National Energy Services Reunited Corp. NESR and
Schlumberger Oman Co. LLC Schlumberger ). 

Baker
Hughes: We have manufactured and refurbished PDC drill bits exclusively for Baker Hughes s oilfield operations in the Rocky
Mountain, California and Alaska regions as well as other areas as needed for since 1996. In 2018, we re-negotiated our agreement with
Baker Hughes whereby we now refurbish PDC bits for all of Baker Hughes s U.S. geographic areas. In 2020, we further re-negotiated
our agreement whereby we can now refurbish PDC bits for any PDC bit supplier. We are currently in the process of renewing our contract. 

DTI:
 We have been working with DTI since 2016. DTI purchases our Drill-N-Ream tool for their rental tool business. We receive revenue
from DTI for tool sales, tool repairs and a royalty fee based on the tools usage. Pursuant to our original agreement, DTI was required
to achieve certain market share requirements in order to maintain exclusive marketing rights for the Drill-N-Ream in the U.S. and Canada,
both onshore and offshore. DTI did not achieve the defined market share goals in 2017 and, therefore, no longer has exclusive rights
to market the Drill-N-Ream. As a result, the Company can work with other customers to expand the market reach of the Drill-N-Ream in
the U.S. and Canada. 

International:
 We are working with Weatherford, Odfjell Drilling, NESR, and Schlumberger to introduce and gain exposure of our Drill-N-Ream tool
to large Middle East operators in Kuwait and Oman. 

Our
Products 

Drill-N-Ream
Tool. The Drill-N-Ream tool is a dual-section wellbore conditioning tool which is located approximately 150 feet behind the bottom
hole assembly, also known as BHA. Concurrently as the well bore is being drilled, the Drill-N-Ream tool conditions the well bore. It
smooths and slightly enlarges the well drift in all sections of horizontal or directionally-drilled wells, in both oil and water-based
mud. It reduces tortuosity resulting from the geo-steering drill bit, and the overcorrections and formation interactions that occur during
directional drilling. With the well bore conditioned by the Drill-N-Ream, the drill string is then able to move through the conditioned
well bore with less friction and stress. 

The
Drill-N-Ream tool accelerates drilling speed and extends the horizontal distance of the well bore by: 

Smoothing
 out ledges and doglegs left by the bit, which allows the drill string to move through a conditioned
 well bore with less friction and stress, 

Reducing
 tool joint damages and trip time (i.e. the time required to remove and reinsert the drill
 string), 

Enhancing
 the power available to drive the drill bit assembly, 

Extending
 the horizontal distance that can be drilled during a run, 

Improving
 the running of casing in the completed well much easier, and 

Tripping
 out of the hole on elevators, rotation not required. 

The
number of trips required by the operator, or the number of times the drill string has to be removed and reinserted in the
wellbore, is reduced as a result of the performance of the Drill-N-Ream tool. Each time a drilling operator has to trip the drill string
and replace a bit or other drill string component, it costs the operator substantial time and money, so we believe anything that allows
each run to extend further without additional tripping is of great value to our customers. Traditional methods for conditioning the well
bore entails removing the drill string and running a dedicated reamer through the well bore, typically in two separate runs. The Drill-N-Ream
tool eliminates the need for dedicated reamer runs, and therefore reduces the cost of drilling a horizontal well. 

The
Drill-N-Ream tool is available in multiple sizes and can be custom manufactured to accommodate most drill hole sizes. 

5 

We
believe that the Drill-N-Ream tool s rapid adoption and continued use by operators validates its effectiveness and industry acceptance.
In fact, leading operators have begun to standardize their drilling assembly with a Drill-N-Ream tool. In addition, we understand that
a number of end users have rented the Drill-N-Ream tool after first trying competitive products. We expect the above factors to support
increasing interest in, and revenue from, the Drill-N-Ream tool over the next several years as more well operators reports of
its effectiveness are transmitted through word-of-mouth by an increasing user base to other well operators globally. 

Strider
Technology . The Strider technology utilizes its unique patented design to reduce drill string friction on horizontal wells, resulting
in improved rates of penetration and cost savings. The Strider technology is designed to help dissipate the inertial drag of a horizontal
drill string by generating rhythmic pulses that break the frictional connection between the drill strings and well bore greatly enhancing
drilling rates. Its revolutionary engineering provides a cost-effective alternative to conventional downhole vibration tools. 

The
Strider technology is composed of two main parts, a hydraulic channeling chamber HCC and a rhythmic pulsation chamber RPC ). The RPC contains a precisely engineered, high speed pulse-valve that systematically restricts flow area. During
flow restriction, or closure , the ideal amount of fluid is allowed to continue down hole. This perfectly controlled hydraulic
flow produces an optimal pulse frequency, which is preferred for bottom hole assembly equipment. The optimal pulse frequency also allows
for placement of the Strider technology closer to the bit than typical oscillation tools. 

We
believe that our Strider technology is at the forefront of drill string tool technological development for horizontal drilling. We also
believe our Strider technology offers significant advantages over our competitors drill string stimulation tools. 

V-Stream
advanced conditioning system V-Stream ). The V-Stream tool is an integral spiral blade stabilizer and is engineered
to combine stabilization with reaming. A cavity or plenum in the middle of the blades facilitates enhanced fluid flow for cuttings transport
and reduces torque when compared with typical stabilizers with similar overall blade length. Non-active cutters at gauge enable the V-Stream
to remove formation and condition the hole while controlling deviation. With these unique features, the V-Stream will stabilize the bottom
hole assembly and condition the hole simultaneously to optimize the drilling operations. 

Our
Strategy for Growth 

Our
strategy for growth is to expand the global market penetration of our current drilling tool solutions and to leverage our expertise in
drilling tool technologies and precision machining in order to broaden our product offerings and solutions for the oil and gas industry,
as well as other industries that require precision machining and quality. We believe through our patented technologies, as well as technologies
under development, that we can offer the oil and gas industry the solutions it demands to improve drilling efficiencies and reduce production
costs. Specific examples of this strategy include: 

Leverage
highly advanced tool technologies. We currently have two highly differentiated advanced drilling tool technologies (the Drill-N-Ream
tool and the Strider technology) that address challenges encountered in the oil and gas drilling marketplace. 

Expand
our channels to market and geographic reach . We are leveraging existing distribution channels in the exploration and production industry.
We have entered into an agreement with DTI, establishing DTI as a distributor of our patented Drill-N-Ream tool in the United States
and Canada onshore and offshore markets. As a result of this agreement, our technology has penetrated the market more efficiently by
leveraging DTI s long-term relationships with end users. We are also evaluating opportunities to further our reach into the North
American market. 

We
are expanding our channels to market and our geographic presence, especially in the Middle East as evidenced by agreements that we entered
into with Weatherford in December 2017, Odfjell Drilling in November 2018, NESR in 2019 and Schlumberger in 2021. We expect to add additional
distributors as we expand our tool offering and geographic reach. We also expect to leverage our distributor and customer relationships
to identify needs for new tool development and to use these channels to market a broadened product offering as it is developed. 

Strengthen
and support our employees . Our experienced employees and management team are some of our most valuable resources. Attracting, training,
and retaining key personnel, has been and will continue to be critical to our success. To achieve our goals, we intend to remain focused
on providing our employees with training, personal and professional growth opportunities, as well as adding performance-based incentives,
including opportunities for stock ownership, and other competitive benefits. We are also working with the local university and high school
to develop and teach local programs in machining and engineering expertise and technical resources. 

6 

Seek
strategic acquisitions to enhance or expand our product lines . While our focus is on organic growth, we may identify new technologies
to add to our arsenal of tools for the exploration and production industry. In analyzing new acquisitions, we intend to pursue opportunities
that complement our existing product line and/or that are geographically situated within our current market. We believe that strategic
acquisitions will enable us to exploit economies of scale in the areas of finance, human resources, marketing, administration, information
technology, and legal, while also providing cross-marketing opportunities among our drill tool product offerings. 

New
Product Development and Intellectual Property 

Our
sales and earnings are influenced by our ability to successfully provide the high-level service and state-of-the-art products that our
customers demand, which in turn relies on our ability to develop new processes, technology, and products. We have also historically dedicated
additional resources toward the development of new technology and equipment to enhance the effectiveness, safety, and efficiency of the
products and services we provide. We expect that with our extensive knowledge and experience in the oilfield industry, we can identify
additional challenges with directional drilling, and then design and develop tools that will help our customers with their drilling challenges.
Further development of additional drill string components will become increasingly important to our business as we continue to grow through
both organic expansion and strategic acquisitions. 

Research
and development costs were approximately 436,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 487,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021. Costs included in research and development include payroll for engineers, materials for the Strider technology, and third-party
engineering costs. Research and development costs represented less than approximately 2 and 4 of our revenue for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Legal costs relating to our patents are not included in research and development costs. 

Although
we highly value our proprietary products and technology, we also depend on our technological capabilities, customer service-oriented
culture, and application of our know-how to distinguish ourselves from our competitors. We also consider the services and products we
provide to our customers, our customer relationships, and the technical knowledge and skill of our personnel, to be more important than
our registered intellectual property in our ability to compete. While we stress the importance of our research and development programs,
the technical challenges and market uncertainties associated with the development and successful introduction of new and updated products
are such that we cannot assure investors that we will realize any particular amount of future revenue from the services and related products
resulting from our research and development programs. 

Suppliers
and Raw Materials 

We
acquire supplies, component parts, products and raw materials from suppliers, including steel suppliers, foundries, forge shops and original
equipment manufacturers. The prices we pay for our raw materials may be affected by, among other things, energy, industrial diamond,
steel and other commodity prices, tariffs and duties on imported materials and foreign currency exchange rates. Certain of our component
parts, products or specific raw materials are only available from a limited number of suppliers. Costs have increased from impacts of
inflation and supply chain restraints. 

Our
ability to obtain suitable quality raw materials and components, such as PDC s, steel and flux, solder and heating elements, is
critical to our ability to remanufacture Baker Hughes drill bits, and to manufacture the Drill-N-Ream tool and Strider technology tools
and other future drilling products. In order to purchase raw materials and components in timely and cost-effective manner, we have developed
both domestic and international sourcing connections and arrangements. We maintain quality assurance and testing programs to analyze
and test these raw materials and components in order to assure their compliance with our rigorous specifications and standards. We generally
try to purchase our raw materials from multiple suppliers, so we are not dependent on any one supplier, but this is not always possible .

The
price and availability of commodities and components, in particular steel, can have an impact on our operations. We have no assurance
that we will be able to continue to purchase these raw materials on a timely basis or at historical prices. 

7 

Proprietary
Rights 

We
rely primarily on a combination of patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark laws, confidential procedures, and other intellectual
property protection methods to protect our proprietary technology. Mr. Meier currently has U.S. patent applications pending, and related
international patent applications pending as co-inventor, and individually with respect to the Strider technology and other pending drilling
tools. There is no assurance that our patent applications will result in issued patents, that the existing patents or that any future
patents issued to us will provide any competitive advantages for their products or technology, or that, if challenged, the patents issued
to us will be held valid and enforceable. Despite our precautions, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or
obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Existing intellectual property laws afford only limited protection and policing
violations of such laws is difficult. The laws of certain countries in which our products are or may be used by our customers do not
protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. There is no assurance that
these protections will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop similar technology, gain access to our trade
secrets or other proprietary information, or design around our patents. 

We
may be required to enter into costly litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend infringement claims by others.
Such infringement claims could require us to license the intellectual property rights of third parties. There is no assurance that such
licenses would be available on reasonable terms, or at all. 

Competition 

Drill
Bit Refurbishing. The primary competitors for our drill bit refurbishing services are the in-house units at Hughes Christensen, the
division of Baker Hughes responsible for drill bits. Other drill bit manufacturers also have in-house refurbishing units and are now
competitors given the removal of the exclusivity clause under our contract with Baker Hughes. 

Drilling
Enhancement Tools . The primary competitors for our Drill-N-Ream tool are several single-section reaming tool manufacturers, including
Baker Oil Tools (a division of Baker Hughes), NOV, Schlumberger and Tercel, and one dual-section reaming tool manufactured by Stabil
Drill (which is the subject of the lawsuit described in Item 3). We believe that the Drill-N-Ream tool is the only patented dual-section
or dual cutting structure drill string reamer on the market today. We believe that distinction will allow us to continue building on
the Drill-N-Ream tool s first-mover advantage. 

We
believe that our Strider technology is at the forefront of drill string tool technological development for horizontal drilling. There
are existing tools that would compete with our Strider technology, such as the Agitator tool marketed by NOV. However, we believe our
Strider technology offers significant advantages over the Agitator tool. 

Customers 

Our
customer concentration of revenue is dependent upon a limited number of customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, two
customers represented 88 and 87 of our total revenue, respectively. 

Manufacturing 

We
manufacture our solutions, as well as custom products, in our state-of-the-art drill tool fabrication facility where we operate a technologically
advanced PDC drill bit refurbishing facility, as well as a state-of-the-art, high-tech drilling and completion tool engineering design
and manufacturing operation. We manufacture our drill string enhancement tools, including the patented Drill-N-Ream tool and the patented
Strider technology, and conduct our new product research and development from this facility. 

We
employ a senior work force with specialized training and extensive experience related to drill bit refurbishing and drill and completion
tool manufacturing. They produce our products and services using a suite of highly technical, purpose-built equipment, much of which
we design and manufacture for our proprietary use. Our manufacturing equipment and products use advanced technologies that enable us
to increase efficiency, enhance product integrity, improve efficiency and safety, and solve complex drilling tool problems. 

In
December 2020, we were awarded the AS9100D with ISO 9001:2015 certification for our quality management systems (QMS) and for meeting
QMS requirements specific to the aviation, space and defense industries. To date we have maintained our certification. 

We
believe that we can leverage our certification as well as our precision machining and manufacturing expertise to produce other products
for customers in a variety of industries. 

8 

Cyclicality 

We
are substantially dependent on conditions in the oil and gas industry, including the level of exploration, development and production
activity of, and the corresponding capital spending by, oil and natural gas companies. 

The
level of exploration, development and production activity is directly affected by trends in oil and natural gas prices, which have historically
been volatile, and by capital spending discipline imposed by customers. 

Inflationary
and/or recessionary factors relating to the oil and gas industry may directly affect the Company s operations. The increased demand
for oil and gas production has benefited the Company s operations. The Company is not immune to the effects of inflation on its
labor requirements, supply chain and costs of revenues. 

The
Russia Ukraine conflict is a global concern. The Company does not have any direct exposure to Russia or Ukraine through its operations,
employee base, investments or sanctions. The Company does not receive goods or services sourced from those countries, does not anticipate
any disruption in its supply chain and has no business relationships, connections to or assets in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine. No impairments
to assets have been made due to the conflict. The global oil industry has been impacted by this situation, but the Company s operations
and business in the Middle East has not been disrupted to date. The increase in oil producing activities in the United States has benefitted
the Company s operations. 

Declines
in oil and gas prices could negatively affect the level of these activities and capital spending, which could adversely affect demand
for our products and services and, in certain instances, result in the cancellation, modification or rescheduling of existing and expected
orders and the ability of our customers to pay us for our products and services. These factors could have an adverse effect on our revenue
and profitability. Conversely, increases in oil and gas prices could positively affect production activities and capital spending, which
could positively affect demand for our products and services. 

Seasonality 

Our
business is not significantly impacted by seasonality, although our fourth quarter has historically been negatively impacted by holidays
and our clients budget cycles. A small portion of the revenue we generate from selected operations may benefit from higher first
quarter activity levels, as operators take advantage of the winter freeze to gain access to remote drilling and production areas. In
the past, some of our revenue in Alaska and Canada has declined during the second quarter due to warming weather conditions that resulted
in thawing, softer ground, difficulty accessing drill sites and road bans that curtailed drilling activity. 

Environmental,
Health and Safety Regulation 

Our
operations are subject to numerous stringent and complex laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment,
health and safety aspects of our operations, or otherwise relating to human health and environmental protection, and we have put a strong
focus on these issues. 

We
designed and built our Vernal facility as a fully-contained business park, except for the city sewer connection. Underlying our entire
facility, including parking lots and runoff storage areas, is a complete capture and containment field that collects all building drainage
and ground run off in isolated tanks. Captured drainage and runoff, as well as all hazardous waste generated in our manufacturing processes
is regularly removed from our facility by a certified hazardous waste disposal company. Any changes in environmental laws and regulations
or in enforcement policies that result in more stringent and costly waste handling, storage, transport, disposal, or remediation requirements
could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial position. Moreover, accidental releases or spills of regulated substances
may occur in the course of our operations, and we cannot assure you that we will not incur significant costs and liabilities as a result
of such releases or spills, including any third-party claims for damage to property, natural resources or persons. Failure to comply
with these laws or regulations or to obtain or comply with permits may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal
penalties, imposition of remedial or corrective action requirements, and the imposition of orders or injunctions to prohibit or restrict
certain activities or force future compliance. 

The
following is a summary of the more significant existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations to which our business operations
are subject and for which compliance could have a material adverse impact on our capital expenditures, results of operations or financial
position. 

Hazardous
Substances and Waste . The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and comparable state statutes,
regulate the generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal and cleanup of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. Under the auspices
of the EPA, the individual states administer some or all of the provisions of RCRA, sometimes in conjunction with their own, more stringent
requirements. We are required to manage hazardous and non-hazardous wastes in compliance with RCRA and its state counterparts. 

9 

The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ), also known as the Superfund law,
imposes joint and several liability, without regard to fault or legality of conduct, on classes of persons who are considered to be responsible
for the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include the owner or operator of the site where the release
occurred, and anyone who disposed or arranged for the disposal of a hazardous substance released at the site. We currently own, lease,
or operate numerous properties that have been used for manufacturing and other operations for many years. We also contract with waste
removal services and landfills. These properties and the substances disposed or released on them may be subject to CERCLA, RCRA and analogous
state laws. Under such laws, we could be required to remove previously disposed substances and wastes, remediate contaminated property,
or perform remedial operations to prevent future contamination. In addition, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other
third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by hazardous substances released into the environment. 

Water
Discharges. The Federal Water Pollution Control Act (the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws impose restrictions
and strict controls with respect to the discharge of pollutants, including spills and leaks of oil and other substances, into Waters
of the United States, including wetlands. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance
with the terms of a permit issued by the EPA or an analogous state agency. A responsible party includes the owner or operator of a facility
from which a discharge occurs. The Clean Water Act and analogous state laws provide for administrative, civil and criminal penalties
for unauthorized discharges and, together with the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, impose rigorous requirements for spill prevention and response
planning, as well as substantial potential liability for the costs of removal, remediation, and damages in connection with any unauthorized
discharges. Further, proposed revisions to the definition of Waters of the United States have been subject to judicial
challenges and administrative action, resulting in uncertainty as to the scope of the regulatory definition. Our obligations under the
Clean Water Act could be expanded when the definition of Waters of the United States is ultimately resolved. 

Employee
Health and Safety. We are subject to a number of federal and state laws and regulations, including OSHA and comparable state statutes,
establishing requirements to protect the health and safety of workers. In addition, the OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community
right-to-know regulations under Title III of the federal Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act and comparable state statutes require
that information be maintained concerning hazardous materials used, stored, produced or released in our operations and that this information
be provided to employees, state and local government authorities and the public. Substantial fines and penalties can be imposed and orders
or injunctions limiting or prohibiting certain operations may be issued in connection with any failure to comply with laws and regulations
relating to worker health and safety. 

In
addition, on January 20, 2021, the Biden Administration came into office and immediately issued a number of executive orders related
to environmental matters that could affect our operations and those of our customers, including an Executive Order on Protecting
Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science to Tackle the Climate Crisis seeking to adopt new regulations and policies
to address climate change and suspend, revise, or rescind, prior agency actions that are identified as conflicting with the Biden Administration s
climate policies. The Biden Administration has also issued other orders that could ultimately affect our business and the business of
our customers, such as the executive order rejoining the Paris Agreement, and could seek, in the future, to put into place additional
executive orders, policy and regulatory reviews, and seek to have Congress pass legislation that could adversely affect the production
of oil and gas assets and our operations and those of our customers. New legislation, regulations
or international agreements in the future could result in increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities, capital expenditures
to install new emission controls at our facilities, and costs to administer and manage any potential greenhouse gas emissions or carbon
trading or tax programs. These costs and capital expenditures could be material. Although the Company has not incurred additional costs
due to new policies to date, these developments could increase our costs, reduce the demand for crude oil and condensate, NGLs, and natural
gas, and create delays in our obtaining air pollution permits for new or modified facilities. 

Insurance
and Risk Management 

We
maintain insurance coverage of types and amounts that we believe to be customary and reasonable for companies of our size and with similar
operations. In accordance with industry practice, however, we do not maintain insurance coverage against all of the operating risks to
which our business is exposed. Therefore, there is a risk our insurance program may not be sufficient to cover any particular loss or
all losses. 

Currently,
our insurance program includes, among other things, general liability, umbrella liability, sudden and accidental pollution, personal
property, vehicle, workers compensation, directors and officers and employer s liability coverage. Our insurance includes
various limits and deductibles or retentions, which must be met prior to or in conjunction with recovery. 

10 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 86 full-time compared with 58 full-time employees as of December 31, 2021. We have never had a work stoppage,
and none of our employees are represented by a labor union. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

Our
human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our current
and future employees. We encourage and support the growth and development of our employees. Continual learning and career development
is advanced through ongoing performance and development conversations with employees, and reimbursement is available to employees for
seminars, conferences, formal education and other training events employees attend in connection with their job duties. 

Our
core values of accountability, openness and integrity underscore everything we do and drive our day-to-day interactions. The safety,
health and wellness of our employees is a top priority. 

Available
Information 

We
are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and certain other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains
a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file
electronically with the SEC. Any documents filed by us with the SEC, including this Annual Report, can be downloaded from the SEC s
website at www.SEC.gov . 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 1583 South 1700 East, Vernal, Utah, 84078, and our telephone number at that address is (435)
789-0594. Our website address is www.sdpi.com . Our periodic reports and other information filed with or furnished to the SEC are
available, free of charge, through our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports and other information are electronically
filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information on our website or any other website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual
Report and does not constitute a part of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

A
decline in expenditures by the oil and gas industry could impact our revenue and income and result in an impairment of our assets. 

Our
business depends upon the condition of the oil and gas industry and, in particular, the willingness of oil and gas companies to make
capital expenditures on exploration and development, drilling and production operations. The level of capital expenditures is generally
dependent on the prevailing view of future oil and gas prices, which are influenced by numerous factors affecting the supply and demand
for oil and gas, including: 

worldwide
 economic activity, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

worldwide
 or specific region turmoil affecting oil global oil supplies, including the impact of inflationary
 and/or recessionary factors and the Russia Ukraine conflict; 

the
 level of exploration and production activity; 

interest
 rates and the cost of capital; 

new
 tariffs by the United States or other countries; 

environmental
 regulation; 

federal,
 state and foreign policies regarding exploration and development of oil and gas; 

the
 ability of OPEC to set and maintain production levels and pricing; 

governmental
 regulations regarding future oil and gas exploration and production; 

the
 cost of exploring and producing oil and gas; 

11 

the
 cost of developing alternative energy sources; 

the
 availability, expiration date and price of leases; 

the
 discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves; 

the
 success of drilling for oil and gas in unconventional resource plays such as shale formations; 

technological
 advances; and 

weather
 conditions. 

We
expect continued volatility in both crude oil and natural gas prices, as well as in the level of drilling and production related activities.
Even during periods of high prices for oil and natural gas, companies exploring for oil and gas may cancel or curtail programs, seek
to renegotiate contract terms, including the price of our products and services, or reduce their levels of capital expenditures for exploration
and production for a variety of reasons. These risks are greater during periods of low or declining commodity prices. Continued significant
or prolonged declines in hydrocarbon prices have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We
may be unable to maintain adequate liquidity and make payments on our debt. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had working capital of approximately 4,457,000. Our principal uses of cash are operating expenses, working capital
requirements, capital expenditures and debt service payments. Our operational and financial strategies include lowering our operating
costs and capital spending to match revenue trends, managing our working capital and debt to enhance liquidity. 

While
we believe that our borrowing capacity and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to fund our operations for 2023, our operational
and financial strategies include managing our operating costs, working capital and debt to enhance liquidity. We expect to be cash flow
positive in 2023. If we are unable to do this, we may not be able to, among other things, (i) maintain our current general and administrative
spending levels; (ii) fund certain obligations as they become due; and (iii) respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated capital
requirements. We cannot provide any assurance that financing will be available to us in the future on acceptable terms. 

Our
Credit Agreement (as defined below) provides a 4,300,000 credit facility. If we are unable to make required payments under the Credit
Agreement, we would be in default thereunder, which would permit the holders of the indebtedness to accelerate the maturity thereof,
unless we are able to obtain, on a timely basis, a necessary waiver or amendment. Any waiver or amendment may require us to revise the
terms of the Credit Agreement which could increase the cost of our borrowings, require the payment of additional fees, and adversely
impact the results of our operations. Upon the occurrence of any event of default that is not waived, the lenders could elect to exercise
any of their available remedies, which include the right to not lend any additional amounts or, in the event we have outstanding indebtedness
under the Credit Agreement, to declare any outstanding indebtedness, together which any accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately
due and payable. If we are unable to repay the outstanding indebtedness, if any, under the Credit Agreement when due, the lenders would
be permitted to proceed against their collateral, and this could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

There
may be significant annual and quarterly fluctuations in our operating results. 

Significant
annual and quarterly fluctuations in our results of operations may be caused by, among other factors, our volume of revenue, the timing
of new product or service announcements, releases by us and our competitors in the marketplace of new products or services, seasonality
and general economic conditions. There can be no assurance that the level of revenue achieved by us in any particular fiscal period will
not be significantly lower than in other comparable fiscal periods. We believe quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue and operating
results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied on as indicators of future performance. Our operating expenses are relatively
fixed in the short term and are based on management s expectations of future revenue. As a result, if future revenue is below expectations,
net income or loss may be disproportionately affected by a reduction in revenue, as any corresponding reduction in expenses may not be
proportionate to the reduction in revenue. Our revenue could also be impacted by inflationary and/or recessionary factors relating to
the oil and gas industry that may directly affect the Company s operations or the Russia Ukraine conflict. 

Our
customer base is concentrated and the loss of, or nonperformance by, one or more of our significant customers could cause our revenue
to decline substantially. 

We
had two large customers that comprised 88 of our total revenue in 2022 and 87 in 2021. It is likely that we will continue to derive
a significant portion of our revenue from a relatively small number of customers in the future. If a major customer decided not to continue
to use our services or has a significant reduction in its business, our revenue would decline, and our operating results and financial
condition could be harmed. In addition, we are subject to credit risk due to the concentration of our customer base. Any increase in
the non-payment of and non-performance by our counterparties, either as a result of changes in financial and economic conditions or otherwise,
could have a material effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and could adversely affect our liquidity. 

12 

We
must continue to develop new technologies, methodologies and products on a timely and cost-effective basis to satisfy the needs of our
customers. 

The
drilling industry is driven primarily by cost minimization, and our strategy is aimed at reducing drilling costs through the application
of new drill bit assembly and drill string tool technologies. Our continued success will depend on our ability to meet our customers 
changing needs, on a timely and cost-effective basis, by successfully enhancing our current products and processes; developing, producing
and marketing new products and processes; and responding to evolving industry standards and other technological changes. 

We
cannot assure you that our products will be able to satisfy the specifications of our customers or that we will be able to perform the
testing necessary to prove that the product specifications are satisfied in the future, or that the costs of modifications to our products
to satisfy their requirements will not adversely affect our results of operations. We believe our Strider technology for horizontal drilling
offers advantages compared to competition, but failure to meet our customer s demand for services may adversely affect our business.
We may encounter resource constraints, competition, or other difficulties that may delay our ability to expand our bit remanufacturing
services to the level desired or required by our customer. If our products are unable to satisfy such requirements, or we are unable
to perform any required testing, our customers may cancel their contracts and/or seek new suppliers, and our business, results of operations,
cash flows or financial position may be adversely affected. 

Our
related party transactions with the Meiers and their affiliated entities may cause conflicts of interests that may adversely affect us. 

We
have entered into, and may, in the future, enter into various transactions and agreements with the Meiers and their affiliated entities.
We believe that the transactions and agreements that we have entered into with the Meiers are on terms that are at least as favorable
as could reasonably have been obtained at such time from third parties. However, these relationships could create, or appear to create
potential conflicts of interest when our board of directors is faced with decisions that could have different implications for us and
the Meiers or their affiliates. The appearance of conflicts, even if such conflicts do not materialize, might adversely affect the public s
perception of us, as well as our relationship with other companies and our ability to enter into new relationships in the future, which
may have a material adverse effect on our ability to do business. 

Our
customers industries are undergoing continuing consolidation that may impact our results of operations. 

The
oil and gas industry is rapidly consolidating and, as a result, some of our largest end users of our product have consolidated and are
using their size and purchasing power to seek economies of scale and pricing concessions. This consolidation may result in reduced capital
spending by some of our customers or the acquisition of one or more of our primary customers, which may lead to decreased demand for
our products and services. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our level of sales to a customer that has consolidated
or replace that revenue with increased business activity with other customers. As a result, the acquisition of one or more of our primary
customers, such as Baker Hughes and DTI, may have a significant negative impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash
flows. We are unable to predict what effect consolidations in the industry may have on price, capital spending by our customers, our
market share and selling strategies, our competitive position, our ability to retain customers or our ability to negotiate favorable
agreements with our customers. 

We
may be unable to successfully compete with other manufacturers of drilling equipment. 

Several
of our competitors are diversified multinational companies with substantially larger operating staffs and greater capital resources than
ours and which have been engaged in the manufacturing business for a much longer time than us. If these competitors substantially increase
the resources they devote to developing and marketing competitive products and services, we may not be able to compete effectively. Similarly,
consolidation among our competitors could enhance their competing market share, product and service offerings and financial resources,
further intensifying competition. 

We
are dependent on key personnel who may be difficult to replace. 

Our
success is dependent to a significant degree upon the business expertise and continued contributions of our founders and senior management
team. In particular, we are dependent upon the efforts and services of our founders, Mr. Troy Meier, our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer CEO ), and Ms. Annette Meier, our President and Chief Operating Officer COO ), because of their knowledge,
experience, skills, and relationships with major clients and the other members of our management team. Our future success also depends
on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train, retain and motivate other highly skilled technical, managerial, marketing and customer
service personnel. Competition for such personnel in is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully attract,
integrate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel. Our inability to retain these types of individuals could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

13 

Increases
in the cost of raw materials used in our manufacturing processes could negatively impact our profitability. 

We
rely on the availability of volume and quality of synthetic diamond cutters for drill bit refurbishment and manufacturing and for our
drill string tool manufacturing business. In addition, we must have a reliable source of steel available for manufacturing which is both
of sufficient quality, and available at a cost-effective price. We do not have fixed price contracts or arrangements for all of the raw
materials and other supplies that we purchase. Baker Hughes provides the diamond cutters for our drill bit refurbishment. However, sourcing
cost-effective supplies of quality steel in the relatively low volumes that our tool manufacturing requires can be challenging. Shortages
of, and price increases for, steel and other raw materials and supplies that we use in our business may occur. Future shortages or price
fluctuations in synthetic diamond cutters or steel could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct either our drill bit
refurbishment or our drill tool manufacturing in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

We
depend on third-party suppliers for timely deliveries of raw materials, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if
we are unable to obtain adequate supplies in a timely manner. 

Our
manufacturing operations depend upon obtaining adequate supplies of raw materials from third parties. Events beyond our control may impact
the ability of these third parties to deliver raw materials. Any interruption in the supply of raw materials needed to manufacture our
products could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation with our customers. 

We
may be exposed to unforeseen risks in our product manufacturing and processes which could adversely affect our financial conditions and
results of operations. 

We
operate our business from our Vernal, Utah headquarters. A natural disaster, extended utility failure or other significant event at our
facility could significantly affect our ability to manufacture sufficient quantities of key products or otherwise deliver products to
meet customer demand or contractual requirements which may result in a loss of revenue and other adverse business consequences. In addition,
the equipment and management systems necessary for our operations are subject to wear and tear, break down and obsolescence, which could
cause them to perform poorly or fail, resulting in fluctuations in manufacturing efficiencies and production costs. Significant manufacturing
fluctuations may affect our ability to deliver products to our customers on a timely basis and we may suffer financial penalties and
a diminution of our commercial reputation and future product orders. Additionally, some of our business may in the future be conducted
under fixed price contracts. Fluctuations in our manufacturing process, or inaccurate estimates and assumptions used in pricing our contracts,
even if due to factors out of our control, may result in cost overruns which we may be required to absorb. Any shut down of our manufacturing
facility, reductions in our manufacturing process or efficiency, or cost overruns could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
may be unable to employ enough skilled and qualified workers to sustain or expand our current operations. 

Our
operations require personnel with specialized skills and experience. The supply of skilled and experienced personnel may not be sufficient
to meet current or expected demand. Any significant increase in the wages paid by competing employers could result in a reduction of
our skilled labor force, increases in the wage rates that we must pay, or both. If any of these events were to occur, our capacity could
be diminished, our ability to respond quickly to customer demands or strong market conditions may be inhibited and our growth potential
impaired, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we are not able to manage our growth strategy successfully, our business, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our
growth strategy includes acquisitions and the development and implementation of new product designs and improvements, which presents
numerous managerial, administrative, operational, and other challenges. Our ability to manage the growth of our operations will depend
on our ability to develop systems and services and related technologies to meet evolving industry requirements and at prices acceptable
to our customers to compete in the industry in which we operate. Our ability to compete effectively will also depend on our ability to
continue to obtain patents on our proprietary technology and products. Although we do not consider any single patent to be material to
our business, the inability to protect our future innovations through patents could have a material adverse effect. In addition, our
growth will increase our need to attract, develop, motivate, and retain both our management and professional employees. The inability
of our management to manage our growth effectively or the inability of our employees to achieve anticipated performance could have a
material adverse effect on our business. 

14 

Acquisitions
and investments may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks not originally contemplated, which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our
growth strategy includes acquiring other companies that complement our service offerings or broaden our technical capabilities and geographic
presence. From time to time, we evaluate purchases and sales of assets, businesses or other investments. These transactions may not result
in the anticipated realization of savings, creation of efficiencies, offering of new products or services, generation of cash or income
or reduction of risk. In addition, acquisitions may be financed by borrowings, requiring us to incur debt, or by the issuance of our
common stock. These transactions involve numerous risks, and we cannot ensure that: 

any
 acquisition would be successfully integrated into our operations and internal controls; 

the
 due diligence conducted prior to an acquisition would uncover situations that could result
 in financial or legal exposure; 

the
 use of cash for acquisitions would not adversely affect our cash available for capital expenditures
 and other uses; 

any
 disposition, investment, acquisition or integration would not divert management resources
 from the operation of our business; or 

any
 disposition, investment, acquisition or integration would not have a material adverse effect
 on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our
inability to integrate acquisitions successfully could impede us from realizing all of the benefits of the acquisitions which could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we are unable to successfully integrate future acquisitions, we could be impeded from realizing all of the anticipated benefits of those
acquisitions and could weaken our business operations. The integration process may disrupt our business and, if implemented ineffectively,
may preclude realization of the anticipated benefits expected by us and could harm our results of operations. In addition, the overall
integration of the combining companies may result in unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities and competitive responses, and may
cause our stock price to decline. The difficulties of integrating an acquisition include, among others: 

unanticipated
 issues in integration of information, communications, and other systems; 

unanticipated
 incompatibility of logistics, marketing, and administration methods; 

maintaining
 employee morale and retaining key employees; 

integrating
 the business cultures of both companies; 

preserving
 important strategic client relationships; 

coordinating
 geographically separate organizations; and 

consolidating
 corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations. 

Even
if the operations of an acquisition are integrated successfully, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, including
the synergies, cost savings or growth opportunities that we expect. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame,
or at all. Failing to realize the benefits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Conditions
in the global financial system may have impacts on our business and financial position that we currently cannot predict. 

Uncertainty
in the credit markets may negatively impact the ability of our customers to finance purchases of our products and services and could
result in a decrease in, or cancellation of, orders or adversely affect the collectability of our receivables. If the availability of
credit to our customers is reduced, they may reduce their drilling and production expenditures, thereby decreasing demand for our products
and services, which could have a negative impact on our financial position. Additionally, unsettled conditions could have an impact on
our suppliers, causing them to be unable to meet their obligations to us. Although we do not currently anticipate a need to access the
credit markets in the short term, a prolonged constriction on future lending by banks or investors could result in higher interest rates
on future debt obligations or could restrict our ability to obtain sufficient financing to meet our long-term operational and capital
needs. 

15 

In
addition, the global financial system may be impacted by the effects of global health epidemics and concerns of turmoil and military
actions. Weakness or deterioration of the global economy could reduce our customers spending levels and could impact our revenues
and operating results. We are unable to predict the effect of this on our business and results of operations. 

A
terrorist attack or armed conflict could harm our business. 

Terrorist
activities, anti-terrorist efforts and other armed conflicts involving the United States or other countries may adversely affect the
United States and global economies and could prevent us from meeting our financial and other obligations. The events in Russia and surrounding
areas and the historic volatility in the Middle East may result in political instability and societal disruption could reduce overall
demand for oil and natural gas, potentially putting downward pressure on demand for our services and causing a reduction in our revenue.
Oil and natural gas related facilities could be direct targets of terrorist attacks, and our operations could be adversely impacted if
infrastructure integral to our customers operations is destroyed or damaged. Costs for insurance and other security may increase
as a result of these threats, and some insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain, if available at all. 

Materials
and minerals used in our manufacturing process may become subject to laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and
liabilities. 

The
diamonds comprising the diamond cutting discs used in our operations are synthetic and manufactured in the United States, South Africa
and China. Neither those diamond cutters nor any other minerals used in our operations are currently identified as conflict minerals 
in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. However, we cannot predict or control if the United States Secretary
of State will or will not identify one of the minerals used in our manufacturing process as a conflict mineral. Should the materials
used in our manufacturing process be designated as a conflict mineral, we will be required to file Form SD with the SEC and conduct the
required diligence to determine the source of the conflict mineral in connection with such disclosure. Any increased costs and expenses
associated with this could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The
use and protection of our proprietary technology will affect our success. There are limitations to our intellectual property rights in
our proprietary technology, and thus our right to exclude others from the use of such proprietary technology. 

Our
success will be affected by our development and implementation of new product designs and improvements and by our ability to protect
and maintain critical intellectual property assets related to these developments. Although in many cases our products are not protected
by any registered intellectual property rights, in other cases we rely on a combination of patents and trade secret laws to establish
and protect this proprietary technology. 

We
currently hold multiple U.S. patents and have multiple pending patent applications for products and processes in the U.S. and certain
non-U.S. countries. Patent rights give the owner of a patent the right to exclude third parties from making, using, selling, and offering
for sale the inventions claimed in the patents in the applicable country. Patent rights do not necessarily grant the owner of a patent
the right to practice the invention claimed in a patent, but merely the right to exclude others from practicing the invention claimed
in the patent. It may also be possible for a third party to design around our patents. Furthermore, patent rights have strict territorial
limits. Some of our work will be conducted in international waters and therefore may not fall within the scope of any country s
patent jurisdiction. We may not be able to enforce our patents against infringement occurring in international waters and other non-covered 
territories. Also, we do not have patents in every jurisdiction in which we conduct business and our patent portfolio will not protect
all aspects of our business and may relate to obsolete or unusual methods, which would not prevent third parties from entering the same
market. 

We
attempt to limit access to and distribution of our technology by customarily entering into confidentiality and/or license agreements
with our employees, customers and potential customers and suppliers. Our rights in our confidential information, trade secrets, and confidential
know-how will not prevent third parties from independently developing similar information. Publicly available information (e.g. information
in expired issued patents, published patent applications, and scientific literature) can also be used by third parties to independently
develop technology. We cannot provide assurance that this independently developed technology will not be equivalent or superior to our
proprietary technology. 

Our
competitors may infringe upon, misappropriate, violate or challenge the validity or enforceability of our intellectual property and we
may not able to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights in the future. 

16 

Our
businesses and our customers businesses are subject to environmental laws and regulations that may increase our costs, limit the
demand for our products and services or restrict our operations. 

Our
operations and the operations of our customers are also subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to
the protection of human health and the environment. These environmental laws and regulations affect the products and services we design,
market and sell, as well as the facilities where we manufacture our products. For example, our operations are subject to numerous and
complex laws and regulations that, among other things, may regulate the management and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes;
require acquisition of environmental permits related to our operations; restrict the types, quantities and concentrations of various
materials that can be released into the environment; limit or prohibit operation activities in certain ecologically sensitive and other
protected areas; regulate specific health and safety criteria addressing worker protection; require compliance with operational and equipment
standards; impose testing, reporting and record-keeping requirements; and require remedial measures to mitigate pollution from former
and ongoing operations at our facilities or at facilities where wastes generated by our operations have been disposed. Sanctions for
noncompliance may include revocation of permits, corrective action orders, administrative or civil penalties or other enforcement, and
criminal prosecution. We are required to invest financial and managerial resources to comply with such environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations and anticipate that we will continue to be required to do so in the future. In addition, environmental laws and
regulations could limit our customers exploration and production activities. These laws and regulations change frequently, which
makes it impossible for us to predict their cost or impact on our future operations. The adoption of legislation or regulatory programs
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions could also increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for, the hydrocarbons that our
customers produce. Consequently, such legislation or regulatory programs could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. It is too early to determine whether, or in what form, further regulatory action regarding greenhouse gas emissions
may ultimately be adopted or what specific impact a new regulatory action might have on us or our customers. Generally, the anticipated
regulatory actions do not appear to affect us in any material respect that is different, or to any materially greater or lesser extent,
than other companies that are our competitors. However, our business and prospects could be adversely affected to the extent laws are
enacted or modified or other governmental action is taken that prohibits or restricts our customers exploration and production
activities or imposes environmental protection requirements that result in increased costs to us or our customers. 

Environmental
laws may provide for strict liability for damages to natural resources or threats to public health and safety, rendering
a party liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of such party. Some environmental laws and
regulations provide for joint and several strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of hazardous substances. In addition,
we may be subject to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as a result of alleged exposure to hazardous substances, as well
as damage to natural resources. These laws and regulations also may expose us to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by
others, or for our acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations at the time such acts were performed. Any of
these laws and regulations could result in claims, fines or expenditures that could be material to results of operations, financial position
and cash flows. 

New
government regulations could have an impact on our business and the business of our customers. 

On
January 20, 2021, the Biden Administration came into office and immediately issued a number of executive orders related to environmental
matters that could affect our operations and those of our customers, including an Executive Order on Protecting Public Health
and the Environment and Restoring Science to Tackle the Climate Crisis seeking to adopt new regulations and policies to address
climate change and suspend, revise, or rescind, prior agency actions that are identified as conflicting with the Biden Administration s
climate policies. Among the areas that could be affected by the review are regulations addressing methane emissions and the part of the
extraction process known as hydraulic fracturing. The Biden Administration has also issued other orders that could ultimately affect
our business and the business of our customers, such as the executive order rejoining the Paris Agreement, and could seek, in the future,
to put into place additional executive orders, policy and regulatory reviews, and seek to have Congress pass legislation that could adversely
affect the production of oil and gas assets. However, the status of recent and future rules and rulemaking initiatives under the Biden
Administration remains uncertain. 

The
increasing attention to global climate change risks has created the potential for the likelihood of private and public litigation and
governmental investigations. Such actions would increase costs and adversely impact our business. 

Our
failure to implement and comply with our safety program could adversely affect our operating results or financial condition. 

Our
safety program is a fundamental element of our overall approach to risk management, and the implementation of the safety program is a
significant issue in our dealings with our clients. Unsafe job sites and office environments have the potential to increase employee
turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients, expose us to types and levels of risk that are fundamentally unacceptable, and
raise our operating costs. The implementation of our safety processes and procedures are monitored by various agencies and rating bureaus
and may be evaluated by certain clients in cases in which safety requirements have been established in our contracts. If we fail to comply
with safety regulations or maintain an acceptable level of safety at our facilities, we may incur fines, penalties or other liabilities,
or may be held criminally liable. We may incur additional costs to upgrade equipment or conduct additional training, or otherwise incur
costs in connection with compliance with safety regulations. Failure to maintain safe operations or achieve certain safety performance
metrics could disqualify us from doing business with certain customers, particularly major oil companies. 

17 

Our
products are used in operations that are subject to potential hazards inherent in the oil and gas industry and, as a result, we are exposed
to potential liabilities that may affect our financial condition and reputation. 

Our
products are used in potentially hazardous drilling, completion and production applications in the oil and gas industry where an accident
or a failure of a product can potentially have catastrophic consequences. Risks inherent to these applications, such as equipment malfunctions
and failures, equipment misuse and defects, explosions, blowouts and uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids and natural
disasters, on land or in deep water or shallow-water environments, can cause personal injury, loss of life, suspension of operations,
damage to formations, damage to facilities, business interruption and damage to or destruction of property, surface water and drinking
water resources, equipment and the environment. In addition, we provide certain services that could cause, contribute to or be implicated
in these events. If our products or services fail to meet specifications or are involved in accidents or failures, we could face warranty,
contract or other litigation claims, which could expose us to substantial liability for personal injury, wrongful death, property damage,
loss of oil and gas production, and pollution and other environmental damages. Our insurance policies may not be adequate to cover all
liabilities. Further, insurance may not be generally available in the future or, if available, insurance premiums may make such insurance
commercially unjustifiable. Moreover, even if we are successful in defending a claim, it could be time-consuming and costly to defend. 

In
addition, the frequency and severity of such incidents could affect operating costs, insurability and relationships with customers, employees
and regulators. In particular, our customers may elect not to purchase our products or services if they view our safety record as unacceptable,
which could cause us to lose customers and substantial revenue. In addition, these risks may be greater for us because we may acquire
companies that have not allocated significant resources and management focus to quality, or safety requiring rehabilitative efforts during
the integration process. We may incur liabilities for losses associated with these newly acquired companies before we are able to rehabilitate
such companies quality, safety and environmental programs. 

Our
information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security. 

We
rely on our proprietary production management technology which has changed how users connect to our knowledge and other information technology IT systems to conduct our business. Despite our security and back-up measures, our IT systems are vulnerable to computer
viruses, natural disasters and other disruptions or failures. The failure of our IT systems to perform as anticipated for any reason
or any significant breach of security could disrupt our business and result in numerous adverse consequences, including reduced effectiveness
and efficiency of our operations and those of our customers, inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, increased overhead
costs, loss of intellectual property, loss of data privacy and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business and results of operations. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to prevent or respond to damage caused
by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 

Cybersecurity
breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and operations, and expose us to liability, which would cause our business
and reputation to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data in our data centers and on our networks, including intellectual
property, proprietary business information, information regarding our customers, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable
information of our employees. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and
business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers
or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information
stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result
in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption
of our operations, damage to our reputation, and loss of confidence in our services, which could adversely affect our business. 

Our
information technology infrastructure is critical to the efficient operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform
day-to-day operations. Breaches in our information technology infrastructure or physical facilities, or other disruptions, could result
in damage to our assets, safety incidents, damage to the environment, loss of data privacy, potential liability or the loss of contracts,
and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position and results of operations. 

18 

Possible
tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The
United States has in the past announced the implementation of tariffs on imported steel and could in the future consider tariffs on additional
items. If this were to occur, it could result in the adoption of additional tariffs by other countries as well. Any resulting trade war
could negatively impact the global market for oil field products and services and could have a significant adverse effect on our business.
While we cannot predict how any future enacted tariffs will impact our business, the imposition of tariffs on items we import from other
countries could increase our costs and could result in lowering our gross margin on products sold .
The Company has not experienced a negative impact as a result of tariffs imposed on imported oil and gas products. 

Our
international activities are subject to many of the same risks as described above, as well as to risks associated with the legislative,
judicial, regulatory, political, economic and cultural factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate. 

We
have operations in the Middle East. Our International segment s operations generated 11 and 13 
 of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In general, the risk
factors identified above also have relevance to our International operations. In addition, our International operations also expose us
to other risks, including those related to, for example: 

political
 conditions and geopolitical events, including war and terrorism; 

economic
 conditions, including monetary and fiscal policies and tax rules; 

legal
 and regulatory environments; 

rules
 governing international trade and potential changes to trade policies or trade agreements
 and ownership of foreign entities; 

risks
 associated with foreign currency exchange rates; 

cultural
 differences that we may be unable to anticipate or respond to appropriately; 

different
 rules or practices regarding employee relations, including the existence of works councils
 or unions; 

difficulties
 in enforcing intellectual property rights; and 

difficulties
 encountered in exerting appropriate management oversight to operations in remote locations. 

These
factors could significantly disrupt our International operations and have a material adverse effect on our revenue and profitability
and could lead us to incur material impairments and other exit costs. 

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are subject to scaled disclosure requirements that may make it more challenging for investors to analyze
our results of operations and financial prospects. 

Currently,
we are a smaller reporting company, meaning that our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates had a market value
of less than 250 million as of June 30, 2022. As a smaller reporting company, we are able to provide simplified executive
compensation disclosures in our filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent
registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and
have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in our SEC filings, including, being required to provide only two years of audited
financial statements in annual reports. Consequently, it may be more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and
financial prospects. 

As
long as we are substantially controlled by the Meiers, the ability of our shareholders to influence the outcome of matters will be limited. 

The
Meiers continue to own a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock and serve on our Board of Directors. As long as they have
substantial voting control of our company, SDPI will have the ability to take many stockholder actions, including the election or removal
of directors, irrespective of the vote of, and without prior notice to, any other stockholder. As a result, the Meiers will have the
ability to influence or control all matters affecting us, including: 

the
 composition of our board of directors and, through our board of directors, decision-making
 with respect to our governance and business direction and policies, including the appointment
 and removal of our officers; 

19 

any
 determinations with respect to acquisitions of businesses, mergers or other business combinations
 and change of control transactions; 

our
 acquisition or disposition of assets; and 

our
 capital structure. 

The
market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. 

The
trading price of our common stock and the price at which we may sell common stock in the future are subject to large fluctuations in
response to any of the following: 

limited
 trading volume in our common stock; 

quarterly
 variations in operating results; 

general
 financial market conditions; 

the
 prices of natural gas and oil; 

announcements
 by us and our competitors; 

our
 liquidity; 

changes
 in government regulations; 

our
 ability to raise additional funds; 

our
 involvement in litigation; and 

other
 events. 

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the near future. 

We
have not paid any dividends in the past and do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently
intend to retain any earnings for the future operation and development of our business. In addition, under Utah law no distribution may
be made if, after giving it effect: (a) we would be unable to pay our debts as they come due, or (b) our total assets would be less than
our total liabilities. We can provide no assurance that those restrictions will not prevent us from paying a dividend in future periods. 

We
may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock. 

Our
articles of incorporation authorize us to issue, without the approval of our shareholders, one or more classes or series of preferred
stock having such designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting
dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could
adversely impact the voting power or value of our common stock. For example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect
some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly,
the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual
value of the common stock. 

Certain
provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change in control. 

The
existence of some provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change in control of our company, even if that
change would be beneficial to our shareholders. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make acquiring control
of our company difficult, including: 

provisions
 regulating the ability of our shareholders to nominate directors for election or to bring
 matters for action at annual meetings of our shareholders; 

limitations
 on the ability of our shareholders to call a special meeting and act by written consent; 

the
 authorization given to our board of directors to issue and set the terms of preferred stock;
 and 

establishment
 of a classified board of directors. 

20 

Significant
short sales of our stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and impair
our ability to raise capital. 

If
there are significant short sales of our stock, the price decline that could result from this activity may cause the share price to decline
more so, which, in turn, may cause long holders of the stock to sell their shares, thereby contributing to sales of stock in the market.
Such sales also may impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities in the future at a time and
price that our management deems acceptable, if at all. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company operates out of six buildings as part of its Vernal, Utah offices, which are used for manufacturing and executive offices. On
December 7, 2020, the Company closed a sale-leaseback agreement for its headquarters and manufacturing facilities. Under the terms of
the transaction, the Company sold the property for 4.5 million and simultaneously entered into a 15-year lease. Under the lease agreement,
the Company has an option to extend the term of the lease and to repurchase the property. The Company s management believes its
current manufacturing facility, executive offices, and its new repair center in the Middle East, are sufficient for its current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are subject to litigation that arises from time to time in the ordinary course of our business activities. In February 2019, the Company
filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana, Lafayette Division, asserting
that Stabil Drill Specialties, LLC s Stabil Drill Smoothbore Eccentric Reamer infringes the patents of Extreme
Technologies, LLC (one of our subsidiaries) on our patented Drill-N-Ream tool. The lawsuit was subsequently moved from Louisiana to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division. Additionally, on May 20, 2019, Extreme Technologies,
LLC sued Short Bit Tool Co. and Lot William Short, Jr. Defendants in the Northern District of Texas-Dallas Division
for their work manufacturing the Smoothbore Eccentric Reamer for Stabil Drill. The Dallas lawsuit is stayed pending resolution of the
first-filed, Houston suit. On October 1, 2020, Superior Energy Services, Stabil Drill s parent company, filed for bankruptcy, which
resulted in a brief, automatic stay of the litigation. Superior Energy Services announced on February 2, 2021, that it successfully completed
its financial restructuring and emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy, but this bankruptcy did not affect Extreme Technologies claims
against Stabil Drill. On March 9, 2021, the Court lifted the automatic bankruptcy stay, and on May 12, 2021, the Court denied Stabil
Drill s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. On May 23, 2022, the Court issued its Order on Claim Construction of the
patents, adopting Extreme Technologies proffered interpretation on the disputed claim terms. The parties are preparing this case
for trial and expect a jury trial setting in the fall of 2023. 

We
are not currently involved in any other litigation which management believes could have a material effect on our financial position or
results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Approximate
Number of Equity Security Holders 

As
of March 15, 2023, 29,245,080 shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding and held by 21 shareholders of record. This
figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name of broker-dealer or other nominees. 

The
Company s common stock trades on the NYSE American market under the symbol SDPI . 

21 

Dividends 

The
Company does not presently pay dividends on its common stock. The Company intends for the foreseeable future to continue the policy of
not paying dividends and retaining earnings, if any, to finance the development and growth of its business. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Plan Category 
 Number of restricted shares and securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 7,076,326 (1) 
 0.91 
 1,038,828 (2) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total as of December 31, 2022 
 7,076,326 

(1) Consists
 of 7,076,326 shares under the 2015 Employee Stock Incentive Plan. 

(2) Consists
 of 1,038,828 shares remaining available for future issuance under the 2015 Employee Stock
 Incentive Plan. The 2014 Employee Stock Incentive Plan was frozen by the Board of Directors
 such that no future grants of awards will be made and the 2014 Employee Stock Incentive Plan
 remains effective only with respect to awards outstanding as of June 15, 2015 until they
 expire according to their terms. 

Stock
Performance Graph 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we have elected scaled disclosure reporting
and therefore are not required to provide the stock performance graph. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

Superior
Drilling Products, Inc. is an innovative drilling and completion tool technology company providing cost saving solutions that drive production
efficiencies for the oil and natural gas drilling industry. Our headquarters and manufacturing operations are located in Vernal, Utah.
Our drilling solutions include the patented Drill-N-Ream well bore conditioning tool Drill-N-Ream tool and the patented
Strider Drill String Oscillation System technology Strider technology or Strider ). In addition, the
Company is a manufacturer of Drill-N-Ream tools and refurbisher of PDC (polycrystalline diamond compact) drill bits for a leading oil
field services company. We operate a state-of-the-art drill tool fabrication facility, where we manufacture solutions for the drilling
industry, as well as customers custom products. 

22 

Our
strategy for growth is to leverage our expertise in drill tool technology and precision machining in order to broaden our product offerings
and solutions for the oil and gas industry. We believe through our patented technologies, as well as technologies under development,
that we can offer the industry the solutions it demands to improve drilling efficiencies and reduce production costs. 

In
addition, in December 2020, the Company successfully obtained ISO 9000 certification and is now qualified to bid on projects in industries
outside oil and gas. We believe that with this certification, and our history of supplying high quality parts to research and development
departments operating in the aerospace industry, we can effectively execute our industry diversification strategy. 

Industry
Trends and Market Factors 

The
Russia Ukraine conflict is a global concern. The Company does not have any direct exposure to Russia or Ukraine through its operations,
employee base, investments or sanctions. The Company does not receive goods or services sourced from those countries, does not anticipate
any disruption in its supply chain and has no business relationships, connections to or assets in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine. No impairments
to assets have been made due to the conflict. The global oil industry has been impacted by this situation, but the Company s operations
and business in the Middle East has not been disrupted to date. The increase in oil producing activities in the United States has benefitted
the Company s operations. We are unable at this time to know the full ramifications of the Russia Ukraine conflict and
its effects on our business. 

Inflationary
and/or recessionary factors relating to the oil and gas industry may directly affect the Company s operations. The increased demand
for oil and gas production has benefited the Company s operations. The Company is not immune to the effects of inflation on its
labor requirements, supply chain and costs of revenues. The Company continues to monitor these economic trends as part of its strategic
forward planning. 

The
total U.S. rig count as reported by Baker Hughes as of March 3, 2023 was 749 rigs, an increase of 99 rigs from the rig count as of December
31, 2021. 

The
Middle East market began to improve during 2022 after a slow rebound from the COVID-19 impact. Total rig count in that region as of February
28, 2023 was 327 compared with 282 at the same time last year. 

How
We Generate our Revenue 

We
are a drilling and completion tool technology company. We generate revenue from the refurbishment, manufacturing, repair, rental and
sale of drill string tools. Our manufactured products are produced in a standard manufacturing operation, even when produced to our customer s
specifications. We also earn royalty fees under certain arrangements for certain tools we sell. 

Tool
sales, rentals and other related revenue 

Tool
and Product Sales : Revenue for tool and product sales is recognized upon shipment of tools or products to the customer. Shipping
and handling costs related to tool and product sales are recorded gross as a component of both the sales price and cost of the product
sold. 

Tool
Rental : Rental revenue is recognized upon completion of the customer s job for which the tool was rented. While the duration
of the rental will vary by job and number of runs, these rentals are generally less than one month. The rental agreements are typically
based on the price per run or footage drilled and do not have any minimum rental payments or term. 

Other
Related Revenue: We receive revenue from the repair of tools upon delivery of the repaired tool to the customer. We earn royalty
commission revenue when our customer invoices their customer for the use of our tools. 

Contract
Services 

Drill
Bit Manufacturing and Refurbishment : We recognize revenue for our PDC drill bit services upon transfer of control, which we have
determined to be upon shipment of the product. Shipping and handling costs related to refurbishing services are paid directly by the
customer at the time of shipment. We also provide contracting manufacturing services to customers. 

23 

Costs
of Conducting Our Business 

Cost
of revenue is comprised of direct and indirect costs to manufacture, repair and supply our products, including labor, materials, utilities,
equipment repair, lease expense related to our facilities, supplies and freight. 

Selling,
general and administrative expense is comprised of costs such as new business development, technical product support, research and development
costs, compensation expense for general corporate operations including accounting, human resources, risk management, etc., information
technology expenses, safety and environmental expenses, legal and professional fees and other related administrative functions. 

Other
income (expense), net is comprised primarily of interest expense associated with outstanding borrowings net of interest income, impairment
of asset held for sale and losses on disposition of assets. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

The
following table represents our consolidated statement of operations for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Tool Revenue 
 12,351,944 
 65 
 9,244,482 
 69 
 
 Contract Services 
 6,745,743 
 35 
 4,091,667 
 31 
 
 Total Revenue 
 19,097,687 
 100 
 13,336,149 
 100 
 
 Operating cost and expenses 

Cost of revenue 
 8,330,877 
 44 
 5,618,844 
 42 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 7,326,384 
 38 
 6,200,522 
 46 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 1,503,976 
 8 
 2,103,534 
 16 
 
 Total operating cost and expenses 
 17,161,237 
 90 
 13,922,900 
 104 
 
 Operating income (loss) 
 1,936,450 
 10 
 (586,751 
 -4 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Interest income 
 26,675 
 0 
 228 
 0 
 
 Interest expense 
 (572,624 
 -3 
 (539,390 
 -4 
 
 Recovery of related party note receivable 
 - 
 0 
 707,112 
 5 
 
 Impairment on asset held for sale 
 (130,375 
 -1 
 - 
 0 
 
 Loss on disposition of assets 
 - 
 0 
 (249 
 0 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (676,324 
 -4 
 167,701 
 1 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 1,260,126 
 7 
 (419,050 
 -3 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (194,969 
 -1 
 (110,751 
 -1 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 1,065,157 
 6 
 (529,801 
 -4 

Comparison
of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

Our
revenue increased approximately 5,762,000, or 43 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase was driven by approximately 3,107,000, or 34 , increase in tool revenue compared to the prior year reflecting the strong
market share of the DNR in the U.S. and expansion of our business in the Middle East which contributed approximately 463,000 of the
increase in tool revenue. Contract services revenue increased by 2,654,000, or 65 , over the prior year, primarily due to expansion
of services for our major customer and increased activity in the oil field industry. 

24 

Operating
Costs and Expenses 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue increased approximately 2,712,000, or 48 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase was driven by higher volume sold, consistent with the 43 increase in revenue compared with the prior year. In addition,
costs have increased from impacts of inflation and supply chain constraints. International cost of revenue increased 18 in 2022 due to higher payroll costs and additional facility expenses. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses increased approximately 1,126,000, or 18 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was the result of increased payroll costs primarily attributable to reinstatement of executive
management salaries and increased legal fees during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses decreased approximately 600,000, or 29 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a portion of the intellectual property intangible balance that reached its full
amortization in May 2021. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income increased approximately 26,000, or 11,600 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase is due to an increase in interest rates earned on the cash balance held in interest bearing accounts. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense decreased approximately 33,000, or 6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The
decrease in interest expense was due primarily to the lower balance outstanding on the Hard Rock Note, which was fully repaid in October
2022. 

Recovery
of related party note receivable 

Recovery
of related party note receivable was approximately 707,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 pertaining to partial recovery of the
related party note receivable (Tronco note See Note 6 Related Party Transactions to the financial statements). There
was no such recovery for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Impairment
on Asset Held for Sale 

Impairment
on asset held for sale was approximately 130,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. In December 2022, the Company entered into an
agreement to sell certain equipment, which closed in January 2023. As such, management made adjustments to reflect the fair value of
this equipment as of December 31, 2022. 

Loss
on Disposition of Assets 

Loss
on disposition of assets was 249 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
December 31, 2022, we had working capital of approximately 4,457,000. Our principal uses of cash are operating expenses, working capital
requirements, capital expenditures and debt service payments. Our operational and financial strategies include managing our operating
costs and capital spending to reflect revenue trends, accelerating collections of international receivables, and controlling our working
capital and debt to enhance liquidity. We will continue to work to grow revenue and manage costs and expect to be cash flow positive
in 2023. If we are unable to do this, we may not be able to, among other things, (i) maintain our current general and administrative
spending levels; (ii) fund certain obligations as they become due; and (iii) respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated capital
requirements. We cannot provide any assurance that financing will be available to us in the future on acceptable terms. 

25 

Credit
Agreement 

We
have a Loan and Security Agreement with Austin Financial Services, Inc. AFS (the Credit Agreement ). The
Credit Agreement provides a 4,300,000 credit facility, which includes a 800,000 term loan (the Term Loan and a 3,500,000
line of credit (the Line of Credit ). As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 814,000 outstanding on the Line of
Credit and nothing outstanding on the Term Loan. Amounts outstanding under the Line of Credit at any time may not exceed the sum of:
(a) up to 85 of accounts receivable or such lesser percentage as AFS in its sole discretion may deem appropriate if it determines that
there has been a material adverse effect (less a dilution reserve as determined by AFS in its sole good faith discretion), plus (b) the
lesser of (i) up to 50 of inventory or such lesser percentage as AFS in its sole discretion may deem appropriate if it determines that
there has been a material adverse effect, or (ii) the inventory sublimit, minus (c) the borrowing base reserve as may be determined from
time to time by AFS. A collateral management fee is payable monthly on the used portion of the Line of Credit and Term Loan. If our aggregate
borrowings are less than 1,000,000, we still pay interest as if we had borrowed 1,000,000. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately
 10,200 of accrued interest related to the Line of Credit. 

The
interest rate for the Term Loan and the Line of Credit is prime plus 2 . At December 31, 2022, the interest rate was 12.28 , which includes
a 3.6 management fee rate. The obligations of the Company under the agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all
of the tangible and intangible assets of the Company, other than any assets owned by the Company that constitute real property (and fixtures
affixed to such real property), certain excluded equipment, intellectual property, or aircraft. The Credit Agreement matured on February
20, 2023 and automatically renewed for one additional year. Cancellation is allowed with a 60-day notice. 

Financing
Obligation Liability 

On
December 7, 2020, the Company closed a sale-leaseback agreement for its headquarters and manufacturing facilities. Under the terms of
the transaction, the Company sold the property for 4.45 million and simultaneously entered into a 15-year lease. After fees, the Company
netted approximately 4.26 million in proceeds of which 2.64 million was used to repay in full the outstanding mortgage on the property.
Under the lease agreement, the Company has an option to extend the term of the lease and to repurchase the property. Due to this repurchase
option, the Company was unable to account for the transfer as a sale under ASC Topic 842, Leases, and as such, the transaction is a failed
sale-leaseback that is accounted for as a financing transaction. 

Machinery
Loans 

The
Company financed a purchase of machinery and equipment in 2019. This equipment was impaired and held as an asset for sale at the end
of 2022. The equipment was sold in January 2023 and the loan was paid in full on December 29, 2022. The balance of this equipment loan
totaled 357,963 as of December 31, 2021. 

The
Company also financed the purchase of machinery and equipment in July 2022. The term of the loan is 60 months and matures in July 2027.
The loan has an interest rate of 5.50 . The balance of the equipment loan totaled 620,176 as of December 31, 2022. 

Insurance
Loan 

In
June 2022, the Company financed insurance premiums with a loan agreement. In September 2022 an additional insurance amount was added
to the loan. The loan matures in March 2023. The balance of the insurance loan totaled 156,949 as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company had no off balance sheet arrangements. 

Cash
Flow 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 3,547,404 
 526,156 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (3,330,206 
 (886,718 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (881,273 
 1,221,221 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (664,075 
 860,659 

26 

Operating
Cash Flows 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was approximately 3,547,000. The Company had approximately
 1,065,000 of net income, 2,658,000 of non-cash expenses, 675,000 increase in deferred income, offset by 850,000 decrease in working
capital accounts. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by our operating activities was approximately 526,000. The Company had approximately
 530,000 of net loss, an approximately 1,526,000 increase in accounts receivable, an approximately 144,000 increase in inventories,
which were offset in part by depreciation and amortization expense of approximately 2,104,000 and share-based compensation expense of
approximately 757,000. 

Investing
Cash Flows 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was approximately 3,330,000, primarily related to purchases
of property, plant and equipment. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was approximately 867,000. The Company used approximately 937,000
for property, plant and equipment purchases, offset in part by proceeds from the sale of fixed assets of approximately 50,000. 

Financing
Cash Flows 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was approximately 881,000, primarily related to principal
payments on debt of approximately 1,695,000, proceeds from debt borrowings of approximately 997,000 and net payments on the Line of Credit of 184,000. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by our financing activities was approximately 1,221,000 and primarily related to
proceeds the sale of common stock of 1,697,000. Total payments on debt, net of borrowings, were 476,000 consisting of principal payments
on debt of 1,278,000, and a net borrowing on the Line of Credit of 802,000. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
discussion of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with GAAP. During the preparation of these financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we
evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those discussed below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results of our analysis form the basis for making assumptions
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. While we believe that the estimates
and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are appropriate, actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions, and the impact of such differences may be material to our consolidated financial
statements. Our estimates and assumptions are evaluated periodically and adjusted when necessary. Described below are the most significant
policies we apply in preparing our consolidated financial statements, some of which are subject to alternative treatment under GAAP.
We also describe the most significant estimates and assumptions we make in applying these policies. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial
statements. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We account for revenue in accordance
with Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), except
for tool rental revenue. Under ASC 606 revenue is measured based on a consideration specified in a customer s contract, excluding
any sale incentives and taxes collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised
goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive for those goods or services. To recognize revenue,
we (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction
price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when, or as, we
satisfy the performance obligation(s). Shipping and handling costs incurred are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are included in
cost of revenues in the statements of operations. 

Share-Based
Compensation 

Share-based
compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized ratably as an expense over the vesting
period of the award. Determining the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards require
the use of subjective assumptions, including the expected life of the share-based payment awards and stock price volatility. Management
uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value award grants and determine the related compensation expense. The assumptions used
in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management s best estimates, but the estimates involve inherent
uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result, if factors change and management uses different assumptions, the
Company s share-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. The Company expects to continue to grant
share-based awards in the future, and to the extent that the Company does, its actual share-based compensation expense recognized in
future periods will likely increase. 

27 

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts
receivable are generally due within 60 days and 90 days of the invoice date for domestic and international customers, respectively. No
interest is charged on past-due balances. We grant credit to our customers based upon an evaluation of each customer s financial
condition. We periodically monitor the payment history and ongoing creditworthiness of our customers. An allowance for doubtful accounts
is established at a level estimated by management to be adequate based upon various factors including historical experience, aging status
of customer accounts, payment history and financial condition of our customers. The allowance for doubtful accounts was 0 at both December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Substantially
all of our revenue is derived from our refurbishing of PDC drill bits for Baker Hughes and from DTI when we 1) sell the Drill-N-Ream
tool, 2) repair drilling bits and the Drill-N-Ream tool, and 3) earn royalty on our customer s rental of the Drill-N-Ream tool
to the end user. Internationally our revenue is derived from the rental of our Drill-N-Ream tool to large oilfield service companies.
While our credit risk is concentrated, all of our customers have historically had excellent payment history. Management monitors accounts
receivable collections on a weekly basis. 

Valuation
of Inventories 

Inventories
consist of raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost, determined using the weighted-average
cost method, or net realizable value. Finished goods inventories include raw materials, direct labor and production overhead. The Company
regularly reviews inventories on hand and current market conditions to determine if the cost of finished goods inventories exceed current
market prices and impairs the cost basis of the inventory accordingly. The Company wrote off 0 related to slow moving inventory during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Related
Party Note Receivable 

In
January 2014, we entered into a Note Purchase and Sale Agreement under which we agreed to purchase a loan made to Tronco Energy Corporation Tronco ), a party related to us through common control, in order to take over the legal position as Tronco s senior
secured lender. That agreement provided that, upon our full repayment of the Tronco loan from the proceeds of our initial public offering,
the lender would assign to us all of its rights under the Tronco loan, including all of the collateral documents. On May 30, 2014, we
closed our purchase of the Tronco loan for a total payoff of 8.3 million, including principal, interest, and early termination fees. 

The
Meier Guaranties were determined not to be substantive based on GAAP that states that the substance of a personal guarantee depends on
the ability of the guarantor to perform, the practicality of enforcing the guarantee, and the demonstrated intent to enforce the guarantee.
Since the Company did not demonstrate intent by either enforcing the redemption of collateral or the guarantees by the borrowers to repay
the loan when the related party note receivable was due and payable on December 31, 2017 and instead modified the loan by extending the
payment term, the Company determined the guarantees are not substantive and therefore should not serve as the basis for concluding the
loan is well secured and collateralized. As a result, the Company fully reserved the related party note receivable effective August 2017.
The Company continues to hold the 8,267,860 shares of the Company s common stock as collateral. The Company will record a recovery
of the loan upon receiving repayment of the note, but there is no guarantee a full recovery of the loan will occur. 

On
January 31, 2023, the Company entered into a second amended and restated loan agreement and note with Tronco to extend the maturity date
of the principal to March 31, 2023. 

Government
Grant 

The
Company applied for and received a grant award of up to 750,000 from the State of Utah s Manufacturing Modernization Grant Program.
The program helps develop manufacturing industry in the state. Current GAAP has no specific authoritative guidance on the accounting
for government assistance received by business entities. However, Accounting Standard Codification ASC 105 describes
the decision-making framework for determining the guidance to apply when guidance is not specified by GAAP. ASC 105 points to IAS 20,
Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance, and ASC 958-605, Not-for-Profit Entities - Revenue Recognition,
that require conditions of the grant to be met in order to recognize the income. 

28 

During
2022, the Company met the conditions of the grant and, therefore, recorded the initial grant funding totaling 675,000 as deferred income
on the balance sheet, as portions of the grant are approved by the State of Utah. Income will be recognized on a straight-line basis
over the life of the asset once all project requirements, such as employee training and installation of the equipment, have been completed. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We
do not maintain any derivative instruments such as interest rate swap arrangements, hedging contracts, futures contracts or the like. 

Concentration
of Credit Risk 

We
are dependent on a limited number of significant customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had two significant customers
that represented 88 of our revenue. These customers had approximately 1,751,000 in accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. For the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had two significant customers that represented 87 of our revenue. These customers had approximately
 1,910,000 in accounts receivable at December 31, 2021. 

Developing
new products and tools and selling more existing products to additional customers continues to be a strategic initiative which we believe
will broaden our customer base, which should have a positive effect on diversifying our concentration of credit risk. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had two vendors that represented 12 of our purchases. These vendors had approximately
 74,000 in accounts payable at December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had two vendors that represented
13 of our purchases. These vendors had approximately 136,000 in accounts payable at December 31, 2021. 

29 

ITEM
8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SUPERIOR
DRILLING PRODUCTS, INC. 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Moss Adams LLP, Dallas, Texas, PCAOB ID: 
 31 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 32 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 33 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 34 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 35 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 37 

30 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

 Superior
Drilling Products, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Superior Drilling Products, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

March
 15, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

31 

SUPERIOR
DRILLING PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventories 

Asset held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Right of use assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Current portion of financial obligation 

Current portion of long-term debt, net of discounts 

Other current liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, less current portion 

Long-term financial obligation, less current portion 

Long-term debt, less current portion, net of discounts 

Deferred income 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 - 

Shareholders equity 

Common stock - par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

32 

SUPERIOR
DRILLING PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Operating cost and expenses 

Cost of revenue 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Total operating cost and expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Recovery of related party note receivable 
 - 

Impairment on asset held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposition of assets 
 - 

Total other income (expense) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income (loss) 

Earnings (loss) per common share - basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 

Earnings (loss) per common share - diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

33 

SUPERIOR
DRILLING PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2020 

Share-based compensation expense 

- 

Common stock issuance 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Share-based compensation expense 

- 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

34 

SUPERIOR
DRILLING PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation expense 

Impairment on asset held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposition of assets 
 - 

Amortization of deferred loan cost 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Other current liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred income 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Principal payments on debt 

Proceeds received from debt borrowings 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on revolving loan 

Proceeds received from revolving loan 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

35 

SUPERIOR
DRILLING PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-Cash item related to deferred income 
 
 - 
 
 Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

36 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Contract
Services 

Drill
Bit Manufacturing and Refurbishment : We recognize revenue for our PDC drill bit services upon transfer of control, which we determined
to be the shipping point. Shipping and handling costs related to refurbishing services are paid directly by the customer at the time
of shipment. By contract, we can only refurbish and manufacture oil or gas drill bits for Baker Hughes, but we are not contractually
prohibited from manufacturing drill bits for the mining industry. 

Our
revenue is derived from short-term contracts. Revenue is recognized when we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control
of the promised goods or services to our customers at a point in time, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects
to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. We also assess our customer s ability and intention to pay, which is
based on a variety of factors including our customer s historical payment experience and financial condition. Payment terms and
conditions vary, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 days. 

Revenue
generally does not include right of return or other significant post-delivery obligations. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected
from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. We elected to treat shipping and handling costs as a fulfillment
cost instead of as a separate performance obligation. We recognize the cost for shipping and handling when incurred as an expense in
cost of revenue. 

All
of our contracts are less than one year in duration. We do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts
with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have
the right to invoice for services performed. 

as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accounts receivable was as of December 31, 2020. 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

A
disposal group that is classified as held for sale is initially measured at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less any costs
to sell. Any loss resulting from this measurement is recognized in the period in which the held for sale criteria are met. 

Subsequent
changes in the fair value of a disposal group less any costs to sell are reported as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the disposal
group, as long as the new carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount of the asset at the time it was initially classified as
held for sale. Upon determining that a disposal group meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale, the Company reports the assets
and liabilities of the disposal group for all periods presented in the line items assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale,
respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. 

- years 
 
 Machinery, equipment and rental tools 
 months - years 
 
 Office equipment, fixtures and software 
 - years 
 
 Transportation equipment 
 - years 

Property,
plant and equipment is reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Indicative events or circumstances include, but are not limited to, matters
such as a significant decline in market value or a significant change in business climate. An impairment loss is recognized when the
carrying value of an asset exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition.
The amount of impairment loss recognized is the excess of the asset s carrying value over its fair value. Assets to be disposed
of are reported at the lower of the carrying value or the fair value less cost to sell. Upon sale or other disposition of an asset, the
Company recognizes a gain or loss on disposal measured as the difference between the net carrying value of the asset and the net proceeds
received. 

to years. Asset lives are adjusted whenever there is a change in the estimated period of economic benefit. No residual
value has been assigned to these intangible assets. 

Intangible
assets with finite lives are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be
recoverable. These conditions may include a change in the extent or manner in which the asset is being used or a change in future operations.
The Company assesses the recoverability of the carrying amount by preparing estimates of future revenue, margins, and cash flows. If
the sum of expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss
is recognized. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. Fair value of these
assets may be determined by a variety of methodologies, including discounted cash flow models. 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company determines whether a contract is a lease, or contains a lease, at inception of the contract and whether that lease meets the
classification criteria of a finance or operating lease. The Company discounts lease payments based on an estimate of its
incremental borrowing rate as the Company s leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate. Operating lease assets
and liabilities are included on our consolidated balance sheets. Operating lease expense (excluding variable lease costs) is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

and ,
respectively, and include payroll for engineers, materials for the Strider technology, and third-party engineering costs. The prior
year amount has been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation and these costs are included in the selling, general,
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

and , respectively. 

and of our revenue for our North America segment for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These customers had approximately and in accounts receivable at December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company had two significant vendors that represent of our purchases and had approximately in accounts payable at December
31, 2022. The Company had two significant vendors that represented of its purchases and had approximately in accounts payable
at December 31, 2021. 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

from the State of Utah s Manufacturing Modernization Grant Program.
The program helps develop manufacturing industry in the state. Current GAAP has no specific authoritative guidance on the accounting
for government assistance received by business entities. However, Accounting Standard Codification ASC 105 describes
the decision-making framework for determining the guidance to apply when guidance is not specified by GAAP. ASC 105 points to IAS 20,
Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance, and ASC 958-605, Not-for-Profit Entities - Revenue Recognition,
that require conditions of the grant to be met in order to recognize the income. 

During
2022, the Company met the conditions of the grant and received the initial grant funding totaling . As of December 31, 2022 project
requirements, such as employee training and installation and operation of the equipment, had not been completed and, as such, the entire
funded amount of was included as deferred income on the balance sheet. Income will be recognized on a straight-line basis over
the life of the asset once all project requirements are met. 

Tool rental 

Other related revenue 

Total Tool Revenue 

Contract Services 

Total Revenue 

Contract
Balances 

Under
our sales contracts, we invoice customers after our performance obligations have been satisfied, at which point payment is unconditional.
Accordingly, our contracts do not give rise to contract assets or liabilities under ASC 606. 

Contract
Costs 

We
do not incur any material costs of obtaining contracts. 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

Buildings 

Leasehold improvements 

Machinery, equipment, and rental tools 

Office equipment, fixtures and software 

Transportation assets 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense related to property, plant and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. 

Customer contracts 

Trademarks 

Intangible assets, gross 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Amortization
expense related to intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

These
intangible assets have been amortized using the straight-line method over their expected useful lives, which range from to years.
The Company will recognize amortization expense of for the year ending December 31, 2023. 

, which reduced the related party note
receivable balance to . The Company continues to hold the shares of the Company s common stock as collateral. The Company
will record a recovery of the loan upon receiving repayment of the note or interest in other income. On July 7, 2020, the Company entered
into an amended and restated loan agreement and note with Tronco changing the payment terms on the note. As amended, the interest rate
on the note is fixed at per annum. On January 31, 2023, the Company entered into a second amended and restated loan agreement and
note with Tronco to extend the maturity date of the principal to March 31, 2023. The Tronco note balance, including accrued interest,
was approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to . The lease
expense and the cash paid under operating leases was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Imputed lease interest 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease-term (in years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Credit Agreement 

Machinery loans 

Transportation loan 

Insurance loan 
 
 - 
 
 Long term debt,total 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term debt,net 

Credit
Agreement 

In
February 2019, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Austin Financial Services,
Inc. AFS ). The Credit Agreement provides a credit facility, which includes a term loan (the Term
Loan and a line of credit (the Line of Credit ). The Credit Agreement matures on February 20, 2023, subject
to early termination pursuant to the terms of the agreement or extension as may be agreed by the parties. This credit agreement automatically
renewed on February 20, 2023 for one additional year. Cancellation is allowed with a 60-day notice. As of December 31, 2022, we had 
outstanding on the Line of Credit and no balance outstanding on the Term Loan. 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had
 of availability under the Line of Credit. 

The
interest rate for the Term Loan and the Line of Credit is prime plus . At December 31, 2022, the interest rate for the Term Loan was
 , which includes a management fee rate. Even if our borrowings under the Line of Credit are less than , we still
pay interest as if we had borrowed . The obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement are secured by a security interest
in substantially all of the tangible and intangible assets of the Company, other than any assets owned by the Company that constitute
real property (and fixtures affixed to such real property), certain excluded equipment or intellectual property. A collateral management
fee is payable monthly on the used portion of the Line of Credit and Term Loan. 

The
Credit Agreement contains various restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict the ability of the borrowers to incur
additional indebtedness; incur additional liens; make dividends and other restricted payments; make investments; engage in mergers, acquisitions
and dispositions; make optional prepayments of other indebtedness; engage in transactions with affiliates; and enter into restrictive
agreements. The Credit Agreement does not include any financial covenants. If an event of default occurs, the lenders are entitled to
accelerate the advances made thereunder and exercise rights against the collateral. Borrowing under the Line of Credit is classified
as current debt as a result of the required lockbox arrangement and the subjective acceleration clause. At December 31, 2022, we were
in compliance with the covenants in the Credit Agreement. 

Machinery
Loans 

The
Company financed the purchase of machinery and equipment through various loans. The outstanding loans have interest rates ranging from
 to , and repayment terms of 48-60 months. The balance of the equipment loans totaled and as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Insurance
Loan 

In
June 2022, the Company financed insurance premiums with a loan agreement. In September 2022 an additional insurance amount was added
to the loan. The loan matures in . The balance of the insurance loan totaled as of December 31, 2022. 

Transportation
Loan 

The
Company financed the purchase of a vehicle with a loan agreement. The term of the loan is and matures in . The interest
rate of the loan is . The loan is collateralized by the vehicle. 

Hard
Rock Note 

In
2014, the Company purchased all of the interests of Hard Rock Solutions, LLC Hard Rock ). Consideration consisted of 
million paid in cash at closing and a million seller s note (the Hard Rock Note ). As of December 31, 2021,
the Hard Rock Note had a balance of and accrued interest at per annum. The Hard Rock Note was fully repaid in . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total long debt 

(1) 

(the Sale Agreement ). Concurrent
with the sale of the Property, (the Lease Agreement to lease back
the Property at an annual rate of with payments made monthly, subject to annual rent increases of . Under the Lease Agreement,
the Company has an option to extend the term of the lease and to repurchase the Property. Due to this repurchase option, the Company
was unable to account for the transfer as a sale under ASC 842, Leases , and as such, the transaction is a failed sale-leaseback
that is accounted for as a financing transaction. 

The
Company received cash of , retired real estate debt of and recorded a financing obligation liability of 
related to the transaction. There was no gain recorded since sale accounting was precluded. The financing obligation has an implied interest
rate of . At the conclusion of the fifteen-year lease period, the financing obligation residual is estimated to be , which
corresponds to the carrying value of the property. The Company paid and of principal in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The balance of the financing obligation was and , at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Current principal portion of finance obligation 

Non-current portion of financing obligation 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Residual value of the property (included in the future payments) 

Less: effects of discounting 

Present value of lease payments 

Foreign 

Total current income taxes 

Income tax expense 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Stock compensation 

Stock option 

Amortization of intangibles 

Net operating loss 

Allowances 

Sale-leaseback lease liability 

Grant Income 
 
 - 
 
 Others 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation on sale-leaseback fixed assets 

Depreciation on fixed assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets / liabilities 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Total deferred tax assets / liabilities 
 - 
 - 

State income taxes 

Foreign income taxes 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other - State rate effect 

Change in tax rate 

Other 

Provision for income taxes 

We
have total federal income tax net operating loss NOL carryforwards of of which pertains to pre-2018
losses and pertains to post-2017 losses. 

We
believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from our deferred tax assets will not be realized. In recognition of this risk,
we have provided a valuation allowance of on these deferred tax assets. 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
accordance with the accounting under ASC Topic 740, the Company has recorded a liability for an uncertain tax position taken on its international
income tax returns. Penalties related to this income tax liability are included as a component of income tax expense in the accompanying
statements of operations. 

The
Company had approximately and of accrued income tax payable, including accrued penalties, as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, which are included as a separate line in current liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets. The amount of penalties
charged to income tax expense as a result of this uncertain tax position was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

shares of common stock for issuance. In 2015, our stockholders approved the Superior
Drilling Company, Inc. 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan (the 2015 Incentive Plan ). In 2020, the Company s board of directors
approved an additional shares of the Company s common stock to be added to the 2015 Incentive Plan. In 2022, the Company s
board of directors approved an additional shares of the Company s stock to be added to the 2015 Incentive Plan. Subject
to adjustment as provided in the 2015 Incentive Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock that
may be issued with respect to awards under the 2015 Incentive Plan is . As of December 31, 2022, there were remaining
shares that can be granted under the Company s 2015 Incentive Plan. 

Restricted
stock units 

 On
August 12, 2022, the Board of Directors granted restricted stock units from the 2015 Incentive Plan to executive management and
directors based on the average price of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. These restricted units will vest over
a three - year period. 

On
August 9, 2021, the Board of Directors granted restricted stock units from the 2015 Incentive Plan to executive management
and directors based on the average price of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. These restricted units will vest
over a three - year period. 

Compensation
expense recognized for grants of restricted stock vesting under the 2015 Incentive Plan was approximately and for the
years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recognized compensation expense and recorded it as share-based compensation
in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Total
unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted vesting
period of years equaled approximately at December 31, 2022. These shares vest over . 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Outstanding, end of period 

Stock
Options 

On
August 12, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized stock options under the 2015 Incentive Plan to be granted to employees. Of
these authorized stock options, stock options were granted to employees on December 16, 2022 at a grant price of . The
fair value, based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model, on the date of grant was . on the grant date,
 on the first anniversary of the grant date and on the second anniversary of the grant date. 

On
August 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved to be granted stock options under the 2015 Incentive Plan to employees. These
options were granted to employees on December 10, 2021 at a grant price of . The fair value, based on the Black-Scholes option pricing
model, on the date of grant was . on the grant date, on the first anniversary of the grant date and
 on the second anniversary of the grant date. 

The
Company recognized share-based compensation expense related to stock options of approximately and during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Granted 

Exercised 
 
 - 
 - 

Expired 

Outstanding, end of period 

Stock options exercisable at end of period 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Discount rate 

Expected life (years) 

Dividend yield 
 n/a 
 n/a 

Option
pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected price volatility. Expected price volatility
is based on the historical volatility of our common stock. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair
value estimate. The expected term of the options granted is derived from the output of the option pricing model and represents the period
of time that the options granted are expected to be outstanding. The discount rate for the periods within the contractual term of the
option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date of grant. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic 

Effect of dilutive options 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted 

Earnings (loss) per common share - basic 

Earnings (loss) per common share - diluted 

SUPERIOR DRILLING PRODUCTS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

International 

Total revenue 

Operating income (loss): 

North America 

International 

Corporate costs, unallocated 

Total operating income (loss) 

Depreciation expense: 

North America 

International 

Total depreciation expense 

North
America revenue includes revenue from operations in Mexico totaling and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The remainder of the North America revenue was derived from operations in the United States of America. 

Information
about products and services 

See
Note 2 Revenue. 

Information
about geographic areas 

Other countries 

Total property, plant and equipment, net 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are our controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b). Based upon that evaluation, as of December 31, 2022,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) as set forth in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework . Upon evaluation, the Company s management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial
reporting was effective in connection with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent
Limitations of the Effectiveness of Controls 

Management
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all
error and fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements
due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

Attestation
Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report does not contain an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm related to internal control
over financial reporting because the rules for smaller reporting companies provide an exemption from the attestation requirement. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth information concerning our directors, executive officers and significant employees as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 G.
 Troy Meier 
 
 61 
 
 Board
 Chair, Class III Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Annette
 Meier 
 
 60 
 
 Class
 II Director, President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 James
 R. Lines 
 
 61 
 
 Class
 II Director 
 
 Robert
 Iversen 
 
 68 
 
 Class
 III Director 
 
 Michael
 V. Ronca 
 
 69 
 
 Class
 I Director 
 
 Christopher
 D. Cashion 
 
 67 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

G.
Troy Meier. Mr. Meier has served as our Board Chair, one of our Class III Directors and Chief Executive Officer since 2014. Mr.
Meier has over 40 years of experience in the oil and gas industry. Mr. Meier and co-founder Annette Meier founded our predecessor company
in 1999. Since that time through the present, Mr. Meier has spearheaded the development of our new manufacturing business and our research
and development activities. As our chief innovator, Mr. Meier has been responsible for not only inventing, but also designing, engineering
and manufacturing industry specific machinery and processes and has several patent applications pending. Previously, in 1993, Mr. Meier
started our predecessor company, Rocky Mountain Diamond, after thirteen years with Christensen Diamond and its successors. At Christensen
Diamond, Mr. Meier established overseas factories in Ireland, Venezuela and China. In addition, Mr. Meier designed tools to improve efficiency
both in the plants and in the field. Previously, Mr. Meier had been Christensen Diamond s first drill bit fabricator specialist
and by age 28, was made the Northern Region design engineer responsible for designing drill bits, core systems, centric bits, nozzle
systems and related products. As the co-founder, Mr. Meier for the last seven years has focused 100 of his attention on our development
and growth. 

Mr.
Meier was selected to serve on our Board of Directors and as the Board Chair because of his extensive industry experience, his role as
our co-founder and chief innovator, and his and Ms. Meier s majority shareholding. Mr. Meier is married to Annette Meier. 

Annette
Meier. Ms. Meier has served as our Class II Director, President and Chief Operating Officer since 2014. Ms. Meier has over 25
years of experience in the oil and gas industry. Since our inception in 1999 to the present, Ms. Meier has managed all of our day-to-day
operations and business. In 2008, Ms. Meier envisioned and co-created CHUCK, our custom shop management and inventory program
software. Ms. Meier was also instrumental to the development of the nucleus grinding system that is currently utilized
in our new manufacturing processes. In 2005, Ms. Meier served as the creator and chief architect of the Ropers Business Park, the state-of-the-art
campus that houses our remanufacturing and new manufacturing facilities in Vernal, Utah. Ms. Meier s understanding of our business
processes resulted in her designing and facilitating the SMART FACILITY layout, process and control systems within the manufacturing
plant. Previously, in 1993, Ms. Meier co-founded and managed our predecessor company, Rocky Mountain Diamond. As the co-founder, Ms.
Meier for the last seven years has focused 100 of her attention on our development and growth. In 2015, Ms. Meier was elected to serve
on the Governor s Office of Economic Development Board (GOED) for the state of Utah. Ms. Meier has been the recipient of numerous
state, local and industry awards over the years that recognized her for innovation and leadership. 

Ms.
Meier was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of her extensive industry experience, her role as our co-founder and substantial
knowledge of our day-to-day operations, and her and Mr. Meier s majority shareholding. Ms. Meier is married to G. Troy Meier. 

James
Lines. Mr. Lines has served as a Class II director since December 2016 and is Chairman of the Audit Committee. He also serves
on the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors. Mr. Lines had served as President
and Chief Executive Officer of Graham Corporation since January 2008 and retired on August 31, 2021. Graham designs, manufactures and
sells critical equipment for the energy, defense and chemical/petrochemical industries. Previously, Mr. Lines served as Graham s
President and Chief Operating Officer since June 2006. Mr. Lines has served Graham in various capacities since 1984, including Vice President
and General Manager, Vice President of Engineering and Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Prior to joining its management team, he
served Graham as an application engineer and sales engineer as well as a product supervisor. Mr. Lines holds a B.S. in Aerospace Engineering
from the State University of New York at Buffalo. 

Mr.
Lines was selected to serve on the Board of Directors due to his extensive experience in growing a midsize business, as well as his background
in manufacturing and engineering in the energy industry. 

Robert
E. Iversen. Mr. Iversen has served as a Class III Director since 2014, was the Lead Independent Director from December 2016 to
August 2019, and is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee since joining the Board. He has also been a member of the Audit Committee
and the Nominating and Governance Committee since 2014. Mr. Iversen has broad executive and operational management experience in the
sales, service, and manufacturing sectors of the global upstream oil and gas industry. Currently, Mr. Iversen is a partner and president
of CTI Energy Services, LLC of Springtown, Texas, a drilling services company he started in 2011. Mr. Iversen has strong experience in
the development and commercialization of new technology products and in company marketing and advertising programs. Previously, Mr. Iversen
collaborated with G. Troy Meier as a partner and senior vice president in Tronco Energy Services from 2008 to 2011. From 2002 to 2008,
he served as President and other C-level positions with Ulterra Drilling Technologies (Fort Worth, Texas), INRG (Houston, Texas) and
NQL Energy Services (Nisku, Alberta). In 1994, Mr. Iversen and partners purchased the U.S. division of DBS Stratabit, a small, underperforming
diamond bit company, where, as President until 2002, he built it into a top tier provider of high technology products. Mr. Iversen previously
held numerous executive positions in marketing, technology and engineering at various divisions of the Baker Hughes companies, and their
predecessors, from 1980 through 1994. Mr. Iversen holds a Bachelor of Science Petroleum Engineering, Montana Tech, as well as numerous
technical and executive post-graduate certifications. 

Mr.
Iversen was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of his strong experience with start-up companies and the development
and commercialization of new technology products. Mr. Iversen further brings his broad executive and operational management expertise
in the oil and gas industry. 

Michael
Ronca . Mr. Ronca has served as a Class I director since 2014, has been the Lead Independent Director since August 2019, and is
Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. He also serves on the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee of our Board of
Directors. Mr. Ronca has over 30 years of experience as an executive building and monetizing businesses. Since 2009, Mr. Ronca has served
as President and Chief Executive Officer of Eagle Ridge Energy, LLC, an oil and gas exploration and development company active in north
and central Texas. Previously, he served as Chairman of BAS Oil Gas, a private company active in developing reserves in the Barnett
Shale trend in North Texas. Mr. Ronca has a long history of participating in the energy industry starting with his time at Tenneco Inc.,
where he served as the Assistant to the Chairman and CEO and later established a new oil and gas division which operated throughout the
offshore and onshore Gulf Coast region. He later executed a leveraged buyout with the backing of private equity and soon after took the
company public on the NYSE under the name of Domain Energy where he also served as President and CEO. In 1998, Domain Energy merged into
Range Resources where Mr. Ronca served as Chief Operating Officer for several years. Mr. Ronca has a BS degree from Villanova University
and an MBA in Finance from Drexel University. 

Mr.
Ronca was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of his strong experience within the oil and gas industry. 

Christopher
D. Cashion. Mr. Cashion has over 40 years of experience in the fields of accounting, finance and private equity. Mr. Cashion
joined us in March 2014 to serve as our Chief Financial Officer on a full-time basis. Previously, Mr. Cashion worked as an independent
financial and business consultant since 1998. From January 2013 through February 2014, Mr. Cashion was the Chief Financial Officer for
Surefire Industries USA LLC, a Houston-based hydraulic fracturing equipment manufacturing company. Previously, from January 2005 to August
2012, Mr. Cashion provided chief financial officer services to five start-up portfolio companies owned by the Shell Technology Venture
Fund, a private equity fund. Prior to his tenure with the start-up portfolio companies, Mr. Cashion worked for the First Reserve Corporation,
a private equity firm, from 1991 to 1993. Mr. Cashion worked with Baker Hughes, Inc. from 1981 to 1991 and with Ernst Young from
1977 to 1981. Mr. Cashion holds a B.S. in Accounting from the University of Tennessee and an M.B.A. in Finance and International Business
from the University of Houston. Mr. Cashion has been a Certified Public Accountant since 1979. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers,
and persons who own more than 10 of our equity securities, to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of our common stock with the SEC and to furnish us a copy of each filed report. 

To
our knowledge, based solely on review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations that no other reports
were required, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners timely
filed all required Section 16(a) reports. 

Material
Changes in Director Nominations Process 

There
have not been any material changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Audit Committee is comprised solely of independent directors, as defined under and required by Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange
Act and the NYSE American rules. Our Audit Committee is directly responsible for, among other things, the appointment, compensation,
retention and oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm. The oversight of our independent public accounting firm
includes reviewing the plans and results of the audit engagement with the firm, approving any additional professional services provided
by the firm and reviewing the independence of the firm. Commencing with our first report on internal controls over financial reporting,
the Committee will be responsible for discussing the effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting with our independent
registered public accounting firm and relevant financial management. The members of this Committee are Messrs. Iversen, Ronca, and Lines
with Mr. Lines serving as committee chair. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Lines qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert, as defined by the rules under the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2022. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our employees, as well as each member of our Board. The Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics is available under Corporate Governance at the Investors section of our website
at www.sdpi.com . We intend to post amendments to or waivers from the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (to the extent applicable
to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer) at this location on our website. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and our Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics are available under Corporate Governance at the Investors section of our website at www.sdpi.com .
Copies of these documents are also available in print form at no charge by sending a request to Christopher Cashion, our Chief Financial
Officer, Superior Drilling Products, Inc., 1583 South 1700 East, Vernal, Utah 84078, telephone (435) 789-0594. 

Item
11. Executive and Director Compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table provides information concerning compensation paid or accrued during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
to our principal executive officer, our chief operating officer and our principal financial officer, to whom we sometimes refer together
as our named executive officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 Option 
 Awards 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 G. Troy Meier 
 2022 
 475,000 (1) 
 (2) 
 332,500 (4) 

2,370 (5) 
 809,870 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 444,666 (1) 
 665,000 (2) 
 332,500 (3) 

8,012 (5) 
 1,450,178 

Annette Meier 
 2022 
 414,113 (1) 
 (2) 
 255,000 (4) 

10,656 (5) 
 679,770 
 
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 395,201 (1) 
 595,000 (2) 
 255,000 (3) 

12,288 (5) 
 1,257,489 

Christopher Cashion 
 2022 
 289,029 (1) 
 
 120,000 (4) 

13,340 (6) 
 422,370 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 276,989 (1) 
 
 120,000 (3) 

11,566 (6) 
 408,555 

(1) Salary
 amounts represent base compensation for the individuals indicated. 

(2) 
 A bonus of 333,900 was accrued but not paid in 2022
for Mr. Meier, and 296,100 was accrued but not paid for Ms. Meier. 

For 2021, accrued bonuses of 665,000 for Mr. Meier and 595,000 for Ms. Meier were used to offset the Tronco related party obligation. 

(3) Reflects
 the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. See Note
 12 Share-Based Compensation to our consolidated financial statements included herein. 

The
grant date fair value for these restricted stock awards was based on the average price of our common stock on the grant date (August
9, 2021), which was 0.765 per share. The restricted stock awards will vest in accordance with the following vesting schedule: 33.3 
of the shares of restricted common stock vested on August 9, 2022, 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock will vest on
August 9, 2023 and 33.4 of the shares of restricted common stock will vest on August 9, 2024. 

(4) The
 grant date fair value for these restricted stock awards was based on the average price of
 our common stock on the grant date (August 12, 2022), which was 1.00 per share. The restricted
 stock awards will vest in accordance with the following vesting schedule: 33.3 of the shares
 of restricted common stock will vest on August 12, 2023, 33.3 of the shares of restricted common
 stock will vest on August 12, 2024 and 33.4 of the shares of restricted common stock will
 vest on August 12, 2025. 

(5) Represents
 certain company paid health care costs and life insurance costs for G. Troy Meier and Annette
 Meier. 

(6) Represents
 certain company paid health care costs and life insurance costs. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

See
the footnotes to the Summary Compensation Table and Employment Agreements and Potential Benefits Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 
for narrative disclosure with respect to the table, as well as the below discussion. 

Employment
Agreements and Potential Benefits Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 

In
connection with our initial public offering, we planned to enter into employment agreements with each of our named executive officers,
and the forms of those agreements were filed with the SEC as exhibits to our registration statement on Form S-1. However, management
and the Board have continued to discuss and negotiate the final terms of those agreements and as of the date hereof, the agreements have
not been executed. As a result, none of the named executive officers currently has a contractual right to any of the benefits described
below. The employment agreements to be entered into with our named executive officers will provide for, among other things, the payment
of base salary, reimbursement of certain costs and expenses, and for each named executive officer s participation in our bonus
plan and employee benefit plans. 

With
the exception of G. Troy Meier s and Annette Meier s employment agreements, each agreement will provide for a term of employment
commencing on the date of the agreement and continuing (a) until we or the executive provide 30-days written notice of termination to
the other party, (b) upon termination by us for cause, or (c) upon the executive s death or disability. Except with respect to
certain items of compensation, as described below, the terms of each agreement will be similar in all material respects. 

In
addition to the base salaries shown above, 

Mr.
 Meier s form of employment agreement provides for an annual review by our Board of
 Directors, and a performance bonus of 70 to 110 of his base salary based on criteria to
 be established by the Compensation Committee and participate in our incentive plans. 

Ms.
 Meier s form of employment agreement provides for an annual review by our Board of
 Directors, and a performance bonus of 70 to 110 of her base salary based on criteria to
 be established by the Compensation Committee and participate in our incentive plans. 

Mr.
 Cashion s form of employment agreement entitles him to receive a performance bonus
 based on criteria established by the Compensation Committee, and to participate in our incentive
 plans. 

Each
of the Meiers employment agreements will provide for customary and usual fringe benefits generally available to our executive
officers, and reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses, including the use of a company vehicle. 

Change
of Control Provisions . Each named executive officer s employment agreement will also provide that in the event of a Change
in Control (as defined below), during the term of executive s employment, (a) we are obligated to pay such executive a single lump
sum payment, within 30 days of the termination of such executive officer s employment, equal to one year salary, and (b) the executive s
equity awards, if any, shall immediately vest. Change in Control means approval by our stockholders of: 

(1)
(a) a reorganization, merger, consolidation or other form of corporate transaction or series of transactions, in each case, with respect
to which persons who were our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction do not, immediately thereafter, own more than 50 of
the combined voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the reorganized, merged or consolidated company s
then outstanding voting securities, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such transaction, (b)
our liquidation or dissolution, or (c) the sale of all or substantially all of our assets (unless such reorganization, merger, consolidation
or other corporate transaction, liquidation, dissolution or sale is subsequently abandoned); or 

(2)
the acquisition in a transaction or series or transactions by any person, entity or group , within the meaning of Section
13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, of more than 50 of either the then outstanding shares of common stock or the combined voting
power of our then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (a Controlling Interest ),
excluding any acquisitions by (a) us or our subsidiaries, (b) any person, entity or group that as of the date of the amendments
to the employment agreements owns beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act of a Controlling Interest,
or (c) any of our employee benefit plans. 

G.
Troy Meier s and Annette Meier s employment agreements will provide that (a) the non-competition covenant does not apply
following the termination of employment if their employment is terminated without cause or for good reason, (b) the non-solicitation
of employees covenant applies with respect to any current employee or any former employee who was employed by us within the prior six
months, and (c) the non-solicitation of customers covenant applies to all actual or targeted prospective clients of ours to the extent
solicited on behalf of any person or entity in connection with any business competitive with our business. 

As
consideration and compensation to our executive officers for, and subject to each executive officer s adherence to, the above covenants
and limitations, we have agreed to continue to pay the executive officer s base salary in the same manner as if they continued
to be employed by us during the one-year non-competition period following the executive officer s termination. 

Payments
on Termination . Except as noted above, upon termination of employment under these agreements, (a) we are only required to pay each
executive officer that portion of their respective annual base salary that have accrued and remain unpaid through the effective date
of the executive officer s termination, and (b) we have no further obligation whatsoever to the executive officer other than reimbursement
of previously incurred expenses which are appropriately reimbursable under our expense reimbursement policy. However, if employment termination
is due to the executive s death, we will continue to pay the executive s annual base salary for the period through the end
of the calendar month in which death occurs to the executive s estate. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards for Year Ended December 31, 2022 

The
following table shows the number of shares covered by exercisable and unexercisable options awards and stock awards held by our named
executive officers on December 31, 2022 that were made under the 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan. 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) (1) 
 (i) 
 (j) 

G. Troy Meier 

86,762 
 50,793 (3) 

289,906 
 221,778 (2) 

332,500 
 332,500 (4) 

Annette Meier 

66,540 
 39,092 (3) 

222,334 
 170,086 (2) 

255,000 
 255,000 (4) 

Christopher Cashion (5) 
 11,995 

1.73 
 03/04/2026 

12,416 

1.67 
 03/18/2026 

15,057 

1.37 
 03/31/2026 

46,969 
 27,594 (3) 

104,628 
 80,040 (2) 

120,000 
 120,000 (4) 

(1) See
 Note 12 Share-Based Compensation in the consolidated financial statements included
 herein. 

(2) The
 grant date fair value for restricted stock awards is based on the average price of our common
 stock on the grant date (August 9, 2021), which was 0.765 per share. The remaining restricted
 stock awards vested in accordance with the following vesting schedule: 33.3 of the shares
 of restricted common stock vested on August 9, 2022, 33.3 of the shares of restricted common
 stock will vest on August 9, 2023, and 33.4 of the shares of restricted common stock will
 vest on August 9, 2024. 

(3) The
 grant date fair value for restricted stock awards is based on the average price of our common
 stock on the grant date (August 7, 2020), which was 0.5875 per share. The restricted stock
 awards vested in accordance with the following vesting schedule: 33.3 of the shares of restricted
 common stock vested on August 7, 2021, 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock vested
 on August 7, 2022 and 33.4 of the shares of restricted common stock will vest on August
 7, 2023. 

(4) The
 grant date fair value for restricted stock awards is based on the average price of our common
 stock on the grant date (August 12, 2022), which was 1.000 per share. The remaining restricted
 stock awards will vest in accordance with the following vesting schedule: 33.3 of the shares
 of restricted common stock will vest on August 12, 2023, 33.3 of the shares of restricted
 common stock will vest on August 12, 2024, and 33.4 of the shares of restricted common stock
 will vest on August 12, 2025. 

(5) During
 March 2016, the named executive officer agreed to receive awards of stock options in lieu
 of base salary. The grant date fair value for the stock option awards was based on the closing
 price of our common stock on the grant date of a) March 4, 2016, which was 1.73 per share;
 b) March 18, 2016, which was 1.67 per share; and c) March 31, 2016, which was 1.37 per
 share. All options vested 100 on the grant date and have a ten-year term expiring on March
 4, 2026, March 18, 2026 and March 31, 2026, respectively. The fair value of the vested stock
 options were calculated using the Black-Scholes model with a volatility and discount rate
 over the expected term of each employee. 

Director
Compensation 

Our
employee directors are not separately compensated for their service as a director. In 2022, each of our non-employee directors received
88,008 shares of restricted common stock for his service as a director. In addition to receiving shares of stock, our non-employee directors
earned the following fees: Mr. Lines, 93,343; Mr. Iverson, 87,898; and Mr. Ronca, 128,417. The members of our Board of Directors are
entitled to reimbursement of their expenses incurred in connection with the attendance at Board and committee meetings in accordance
with Company policy. 

The
following table summarizes the annual compensation for our non-employee directors during 2022. 

Name (a) 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (b) 
 Stock Awards (c) (1) 
 Option Awards (d) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (e) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (f) 
 All Other Compensation (g) 
 Total (h) 
 
 James R. Lines 
 93,343 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 168,343 
 
 Robert Iversen 
 87,898 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 162,898 
 
 Michael V. Ronca 
 128,417 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 203,417 

(1) Reflects
 the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 of awards
 granted by the Board of Directors. See Note 12 - Share-Based Compensation in the consolidated
 financial statements included herein. The grant date fair value for restricted stock awards
 is based on the average price of our common stock on the grant date (August 12, 2022), which
 was 1.00 per share, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Lines, Mr. Iversen and Mr.
 Ronca each have an aggregate of 169,749 outstanding shares of unvested restricted stock.
 The restricted stock awards have the following vesting schedule: a) for the shares granted
 on August 7, 2020: 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock vested on the first anniversary
 of the date of grant, 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock vested on the second
 anniversary of the date of grant and 33.4 of the shares of restricted common stock will
 vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant in each case, so long as the director
 continues to serve on the Board through such date; b) for the shares granted on August 9,
 2021: 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock vested on the first anniversary of the
 date of grant, 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock will vest on the second anniversary
 of the date of grant and 33.4 of the shares of restricted common stock will vest on the
 third anniversary of the date of grant in each case, so long as the director continues to
 serve on the Board through such date and c) for the shares granted on August 12, 2022 33.3 
 of the shares of restricted common stock will vest on the first anniversary of the date of
 grant, 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock will vest on the second anniversary
 of the date of grant and 33.4 of the shares of restricted common stock will vest on the
 third anniversary of the date of grant in each case, so long as the director continues to
 serve on the Board through such date 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022, by: 

each
 person who is known by us to beneficially own 5 or more of the outstanding class of our
 capital stock; 

each
 member of the Board; 

each
 of our executive officers; and 

all
 of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. To our knowledge, each of the holders of capital stock listed below
has sole voting and investment power as to the capital stock owned unless otherwise noted. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Numbers of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 of Common Stock Outstanding (1) 
 
 G. Troy Meier (2) 
 11,320,426 
 38.7 
 
 Annette Meier (3) 
 10,989,062 
 37.6 
 
 Christopher D. Cashion (4), (9) 
 926,026 
 3.2 
 
 James R. Lines (5), (6) 
 451,290 
 1.5 
 
 Robert Iversen (5), (7) 
 606,675 
 2.0 
 
 Michael V. Ronca (5), (8) 
 547,202 
 1.9 
 
 Jeffrey E. Eberwein 
 2,184,4299 
 7.5 
 
 Star Equity Fund, LP 
 1,150,000 
 3.9 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors as a group (6 persons) 
 14,932,224 
 51.1 

(1) Based
 on 29,245,080 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Unless otherwise noted, the address
 for the holder is 1583 South 1700 East, Vernal, Utah 84078. 

(2) Includes
 (i) 5,641,510 shares of common stock indirectly owned through his ownership in Meier Family
 Holding Company, LLC, and (ii) 3,173,350 shares of common stock indirectly owned through
 his ownership in Meier Management Company, LLC. Also includes 702,801 shares of vested restricted
 common stock, 709,168 shares of unvested restricted common stock. The unvested restricted
 stock will vest on August 12, 2023, August 12, 2024, and August 12, 2025. 

(3) Includes
 (i) 5,641,510 shares of common stock indirectly owned through her ownership in Meier Family
 Holding Company, LLC, and (ii) 3,173,350 shares of common stock indirectly owned through
 her ownership in Meier Management Company, LLC. Also includes 536,731 shares of vested restricted
 common stock, 543,874 shares of unvested restricted common stock. The unvested restricted
 stock will vest on August 12, 2023, August 12, 2024, and August 12, 2025. 

(4) Includes
 (a) 46,969 shares of restricted common stock that vests in accordance with the following
 vesting schedule: 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock vested on August 7, 2021,
 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock vested on August 7, 2022, and 33.4 of the
 shares of restricted common stock will vest on August 7, 2023; (b) 104,628 shares of restricted
 common stock that vests in accordance with the following vesting schedule: 33.3 of the shares
 of restricted common stock vested on August 9, 2022, 33.3 of the shares of restricted common
 stock will vest on August 9, 2023, and 33.4 of the shares of restricted common stock will
 vest on August 9, 2024 and (c) 120,000 shares of restricted common stack that vests in accordance
 with the following vesting schedule: 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock will
 vest on August 12, 2023, 33.3 of shares of restricted common stock will vest on August 12,
 2024, and 33.4 of shares of restricted common stock will vest on August 12, 2025. 

(5) Includes
 (a) 29,356 shares of restricted common stock that vests in accordance with the following
 vesting schedule: 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock vested on August 7, 2021,
 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock vested on August 7, 2022, and 33.4 of the
 shares of restricted common stock will vest on August 7, 2023; (b) 65,393 shares of restricted
 common stock that vests in accordance with the following vesting schedule: 33.3 of the shares
 of restricted common stock vested on August 9, 2022, 33.3 of the shares of restricted common
 stock will vest on August 9, 2023, and 33.4 of the shares of restricted common stock will
 vest on August 9, 2024 and (c) 75,000 shares of restricted common stack that vests in accordance
 with the following vesting schedule: 33.3 of the shares of restricted common stock will
 vest on August 12, 2023, 33.3 of shares of restricted common stock will vest on August 12,
 2024, and 33.4 of shares of restricted common stock will vest on August 12, 2025. 

(6) The
 address of Mr. Lines is c/o Superior Drilling Products Inc. 

(7) The
 address of Mr. Iversen is c/o Superior Drilling Products Inc. 

(8) The
 address of Mr. Ronca is c/o Superior Drilling Products Inc. 

(9) The
 address of Mr. Cashion is c/o Superior Drilling Products Inc. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions 

Related
Party Note Receivable 

The
Company holds 8,267,860 shares as collateral for the Tronco Note (see Note 6 Related Party Note Receivable in our consolidated
financial statements). 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

Any
request for us to enter into a transaction with an executive officer, director, principal stockholder or any of such persons immediate
family members or affiliates, in which the amount involved exceeds 120,000, must first be presented to our audit committee for review,
consideration and approval. All of our directors and executive officers are required to report to the audit committee chair any such
related person transaction. In approving or rejecting the proposed agreement, our audit committee shall consider the facts and circumstances
available and deemed relevant to the audit committee, including, but not limited to, costs and benefits to us, the terms of the transaction,
the availability of other sources for comparable services or products, and, if applicable, the impact on a director s independence.
Our audit committee shall approve only those agreements that, in light of known circumstances, are in, or are not inconsistent with,
our best interests and the best interests of our shareholders, as our audit committee determines in the good faith exercise of its discretion.
If we should discover related person transactions that have not been approved, the audit committee will be notified and will determine
the appropriate action, including ratification, rescission or amendment of the transaction. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board has determined that the following members are independent within the meaning of the listing rules of the NYSE American: James Lines,
Robert Iversen and Michael Ronca. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Independent
Registered Public Accountant Fees 

The
following table sets forth the fees incurred for services performed by Moss Adams LLP: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 190,900 
 218,782 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 190,900 
 218,782 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accountants 

The
charter of the Audit Committee and its pre-approval policy require that the Audit Committee review and pre-approve the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm s fees for audit, audit-related, tax and other services. The Chairman of the Audit
Committee has the authority to grant pre-approvals, provided such approvals are within the pre-approval policy and are presented to the
Audit Committee at a subsequent meeting. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee approved 100 of the services described
above under the captions Audit Fees. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1)
Financial Statements see Index to Financial Statements appearing on page 31 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules None 

(3)
Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement dated October 12, 2021, between Superior Drilling Products, Inc. and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19,2021). 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated December 15, 2013, between Meier Management Company, LLC, Meier Family Holding Company, LLC, and SD Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1

Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014S-1). 

3.2

Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (name change) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on May 6, 2014). 

3.3

Bylaws with Exhibit A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Company Securities. 

10.1

Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.2 
 
 2014 Employee Stock Incentive Plan with forms of award agreements as Exhibits (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Executive Employment Agreement between SD Company, Inc. and Troy Meier, as CEO (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 30, 2014). 

10.4

Form of Executive Employment Agreement between SD Company, Inc. and Annette Meier, as President (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 30, 2014). 

10.5

Form of Executive Employment Agreement between SD Company, Inc. and Christopher Cashion, as CFO (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 30, 2014). 

10.6

Vendor Agreement between Superior Drilling Products, LLC, and Hughes Christensen, a division of Baker Hughes Oilfield Operations, Inc., dated October 28, 2013 with Exhibit A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.7 
 
 Commercial Lease, dated August 15, 2013, between Meier Properties, Series LLC, as landlord, and Baker Hughes Oilfield Operations, Inc., as tenant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.8 
 
 Third Amendment to Loan Agreement (dated December 18, 2013), Second Amendment to Loan Agreement (dated June 15, 2009), First Amendment to Loan Agreement (dated December 10, 2007), and original Loan Agreement (dated August 10, 2007), between Tronco Energy Corporation, as borrower, Philco Exploration, LLC, as subsidiary, and Fortuna Asset Management LLC (and its assignee ACF Property Management, Inc. for the amendments). (Tronco Loan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.9 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated January 1, 2014, between Tronco Energy Corporation, as borrower, and ACF Property Management Inc. as lender (assignee from Fortuna Asset Management LLC). (Tronco Loan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.10 
 
 Security Agreement Pledge between Tronco Energy Corporation, as debtor, and ACF Property Management Inc. as secured party; and Owner Consent to Pledge from Meier Family Holding Company, LLC, with respect to 95 of the limited liability company interests in Superior Drilling Products, LLC, each dated June 15, 2009. (Tronco Loan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.11 
 
 Security Agreement Pledge between Tronco Energy Corporation, as debtor, and ACF Property Management Inc. as secured party; and Owner Consent to Pledge from Meier Management Company, LLC, with respect to 5 of the limited liability company interests in Superior Drilling Products, LLC, each dated June 15, 2009. (Tronco Loan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.12 
 
 Security Agreement Pledge between Tronco Energy Corporation, as debtor, and ACF Property Management Inc., as secured party; and Owner Consent to Pledge from Meier Management Company, with respect to 100 of the limited liability company interests in Superior Design and Fabrication, LLC, each dated December 18, 2013. (Tronco Loan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.13 
 
 Guaranty(s) from Gilbert Troy Meier Trust (dated August 10, 2009), and from Superior Drilling Products, LLC and Superior Design and Fabrication, LLC (dated December 18th, 2013), in favor of ACF Property Management, Inc., as lender. (Tronco Loan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.14 
 
 Loan Purchase Agreement between ACF Property Management Inc., as lender and seller, SD Company Inc., as buyer, and Tronco Energy Corporation, as borrower, dated January 1, 2014. (Tronco Loan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.15 
 
 Continuing Guaranty, dated May 20, 2011, by Superior Drilling Products, as guarantor, to Mountain America Federal Credit Union, as lender. (SABP Loans 1 and 2) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.16 
 
 Lease, dated May 25, 2012, between Meier Properties, Series LLC, as lessor, and SABP, as lessee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 

10.17 
 
 Confirmation of Guaranties from Troy Meier, Annette Meier, the G. Troy Meier Trust, and the Annette Deuel Meier Trust, to Superior Drilling Products, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on May 12, 2014). 

10.18 
 
 Stock Pledge Agreement between Meier Management Company, LLC and Superior Drilling Products, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on May 12, 2014). 

10.19 
 
 Stock Pledge Agreement between Meier Family Holding Company, LLC and Superior Drilling Products, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 195085) filed with the SEC on May 12, 2014). 

10.20 
 
 Exclusive Manufacturing, Marketing, Sales and Consulting Agreement among Hard Rock Solutions, LLC, Extreme Technologies, LLC, Tenax Energy Solutions, LLC and Kevin Jones dated January 9, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company s annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed on March 31, 2015. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.21 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note from Hard Rock Solutions, LLC and Superior Drilling Solutions, LLC in favor of WMAFC, Inc. dated April 28, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2015). 

10.22 
 
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement (3 Year Vesting) under the 2015 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2015). 

10.23 
 
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement (2 Year Vesting) under the 2015 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2015). 

10.24 
 
 Form of Award of Restricted Stock (3 Year Vesting) under the 2015 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2015). 

10.25

Form of Award of Restricted Stock (2 Year Vesting) under the 2015 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2015). 

10.26 
 
 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan effective June 15, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on April 30, 2015). 

10.27 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note from Hard Rock Solutions, LLC and Superior Drilling Solutions, LLC in favor of WMAFC, Inc. dated September 28, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2015). 

10.28++

Business Agreement between Hard Rock Solutions, LLC and Baker Hughes Oilfield Operations, Inc. dated January 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2016). 

10.29 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement among Superior Drilling Products, Inc., Superior Drilling Solutions, LLC, Hard Rock, LLC and Extreme Technologies, LLC as co-Borrowers and Federal National Commercial Credit as Lender date March 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2016). 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.30 
 
 Form of Fully Vested Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2016). 

10.31 
 
 Distribution Agreement between Hard Rock Solutions, LLC and Drilling Tools International, Inc. dated May 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2016). 

10.32 
 
 Promissory Note from Superior Drilling Products Inc. in favor of the Donald A. Foss Revocable Living Trust dated August 5, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2016). 

10.33 
 
 Warrant issued by Superior Drilling Products, Inc. in favor of the Donald A. Foss Revocable Living Trust dated August 5, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2016). 

10.34 
 
 Promissory Note from Hard Rock Solutions, LLC and Superior Drilling Solutions, LLC in favor of WMAFC, Inc. dated August 10, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2016). 

10.35 
 
 Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement between Hard Rock Solutions, LLC and Drilling Tools International, Inc. dated August 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2016). 

10.36 
 
 Special Warranty Deed between MPS and SABP dated February 9, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017). 

10.37 
 
 Termination of Real Property Lease between MPS and SABP dated February 9, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017). 

10.38 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement between the Company and Tronco Energy Corporation dated August 8, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 14, 2017). 

10.39 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note between the Company and Tronco Energy Corporation dated August 8, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 14, 2017). 

10.40 
 
 Letter Agreement between Superior Drilling Solutions, LLC and Baker Hughes Oilfield Operations LLC dated October 27, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2017). 

10.41 
 
 Commercial Lease between Alan Pitts Mikaela Allmand and Hard Rock Solutions, LLC dated August 27,2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 30, 2018). 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.42++ 
 
 Vendor Agreement dated effective April 1, 2018 between Superior Drilling Solutions, LLC and Baker Hughes Oilfield Operations LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2018). 

10.43 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2018). 

10.44 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2018). 

10.45 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Promissory Note from Hard Rock Solutions, LLC and Superior Drilling Solutions, LLC in favor of WMAFC, Inc. dated November 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2018). 

10.46 
 
 Sale-leaseback agreement dated November 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2020). 

10.47 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated October 14, 2021, between Superior Drilling Products, Inc. and the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2021). 

10. 48 
 
 Exclusive Channel Partner and Distribution Agreement with Bin Zayed Petroleum for Investment Ltd. dated effective June 26, 2022 between Hard Rock Solutions, LLC and Superior Drilling Products, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2022). 

10. 49 
 
 Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan Agreement between the Company and Tronco Energy Corporation dated January 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2023). 

10. 50 
 
 Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note between the Company and Tronco Energy Corporation dated January 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2023). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Moss Adams LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for G. Troy Meier. 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Christopher D. Cashion. 

32 
 
 Certification
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for G. Troy Meier and Christopher D. Cashion . 

101 
 
 Interactive
 data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Calculation 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Label 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Presentation 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 ++ 
 Portions
 of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and this exhibit has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with such request. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SUPERIOR
 DRILLING PRODUCTS, INC. 

March
 15, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 G. TROY MEIER 

G.
 Troy Meier, Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal
 Executive Officer) 

March
 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 CHRISTOPHER CASHION 

Christopher
 Cashion, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

March
 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 ANNETTE MEIER 

Annette
 Meier, President, Chief Operating Officer and Director 

March
 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 JAMES LINES 

James
 Lines, Director 

March
 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 ROBERT IVERSEN 

Robert
 Iversen, Director 

March
 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 MICHAEL RONCA 

Michael
 Ronca, Director 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

Description
of Company Securities 

The
total number of shares of all classes of stock that we have authority to issue is 120,000,000, consisting of 100,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value .001 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value .001 per share. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
rights. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on any matter to be voted upon by shareholders. All shares rank
equally as to voting and all other matters. The shares of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights, no redemption or sinking
fund provisions, are not liable for further call or assessment and are not entitled to cumulative voting rights. 

Dividend
rights. For as long as such stock is outstanding, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends when
and as declared from time to time by our board of directors out of funds legally available for dividends. We currently intend to retain
all future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on the common stock in
the foreseeable future. 

Liquidation
rights. Upon a liquidation or dissolution of our company, whether voluntary or involuntary, creditors will be paid before any distribution
to holders of our common stock. After such distribution, holders of common stock are entitled to receive a pro rata distribution per
share of any excess amount. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
articles of incorporation authorizes our board of directors, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder
approval, to establish and to issue from time to time one or more classes or series of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, covering
up to an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Each class or series of preferred stock will cover the number of shares and
will have preferences, voting powers, qualifications and special or relative rights or privileges determined by the board of directors,
which may include, among others, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, preemptive rights and redemption
rights. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions in Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our
articles of Incorporation and bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of encouraging persons considering unsolicited
tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover
attempts. These provisions include the items described below. 

Removal
of directors and filling board vacancies. Our bylaws provide that directors may be removed with or without cause by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors voting together as a single class. Furthermore, any vacancy on our board of directors, however occurring, including
a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of our board, may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders,
or by a majority of our directors then in office even if less than a quorum. 

Meetings
of shareholders. Our bylaws (a) provide that only those matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered
or acted upon at a special meeting of shareholders, and (b) limit the business that may be conducted at an annual meeting of shareholders
to those matters properly brought before the meeting. 

Advance
notice requirements. Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to shareholder proposals relating to the nomination
of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our shareholders. These procedures provide that
notice of shareholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is
to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not earlier than the close of business
on the 120th day, nor later than the close of business on the 90th day, prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for
the preceding year. The notice must contain certain information specified in the bylaws. 

Amendment
to Bylaws and Articles of Incorporation. Except as otherwise required by Utah law, any amendment of our articles of incorporation
must first be approved by a majority of our board of directors and thereafter be approved by a majority vote of the outstanding shares
entitled to vote on the amendment, and a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, except
that the amendment of the provisions relating to shareholder action, directors, indemnification and the amendment of our bylaws and articles
of incorporation must be approved by no less than 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of the shares of capital stock issued and outstanding
and entitled to vote generally in any election of directors, voting together as a single class. Our bylaws may be amended by the affirmative
vote of a majority vote of the directors then in office, subject to certain limitations set forth in the bylaws; and may also be amended
by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the shares of capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled
to vote generally in any election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

Blank
check preferred stock. The existence of our authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock may enable our board of directors to
make it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or otherwise.
For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is
not in the best interests of us or our shareholders, our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without
shareholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed
acquirer or insurgent shareholder or shareholder group. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings
and assets available for distribution to holders of our common stock or other classes of preferred stock. The issuance may also adversely
affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing
a change in control. 

Utah
Control Shares Acquisition Act 

We
are organized under Utah law. Some provisions of Utah law may delay or prevent a transaction that would cause a change in our control.
Under our articles of incorporation, we have opted that Section 61-6-1, et seq. of the Utah Code Annotated, as amended, an anti-takeover
law commonly referred to as the Control Shares Acquisition Act, will not apply to us. 

Other
Provisions of Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our
articles of incorporation provides that, subject to the rights of any issued preferred stock, our board of directors will be a staggered
board of directors consisting of different terms designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. We believe that classification
of our board of directors will help to assure the continuity and stability of our business strategies and policies as determined by our
board of directors. 

Since
there is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, this classified board provision could have the effect of making the replacement
of incumbent directors more time consuming and difficult. At least two annual meetings of shareholders, instead of one, will generally
be required to effect a change in a majority of our board of directors. Thus, the classified board provision could increase the likelihood
that incumbent directors will retain their positions. The staggered terms of directors may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or
an attempt to change control of us, even though a tender offer or change in control might be believed by our shareholders to be in their
best interest. Pursuant to our articles of incorporation, shares of our preferred stock may be issued from time to time, and the board
of directors is authorized to determine and alter all rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, limitations and restrictions without
limitation, which could impact the ability to remove directors as currently contemplated. 

Ability
of Our Shareholders to Act 

Our
bylaws provide that any shareholder or shareholders holding at least 10 of the total voting power may call special shareholders meetings.
Written notice of any special meeting so called shall be given to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting not less
than 10 or more than 60 days before the date of such meeting, unless otherwise required by law. 

Our
bylaws provide that nominations of persons for election to our board of directors may be made at any annual meeting of our shareholders,
or at any special meeting of our shareholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (a) by or at the direction of our board of
directors or (b) by any of our shareholders. 

In
addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be properly brought by a shareholder, such shareholder must have given
timely notice thereof in proper written form to our Secretary. To be timely, a shareholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed
and received at our principal executive offices (a) in the case of an annual meeting of shareholders, not less than 90 days nor more
than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders; provided, however, that if the
annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by a shareholder in order
to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the
date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs; and
(b) in the case of a special meeting of our shareholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business
on the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of
the special meeting was made, whichever first occurs. 

Our
bylaws provide that no business may be transacted at any annual meeting of our shareholders, other than business that is either (a) specified
in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of our board of directors, (b) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting
by or at the direction of our board of directors or (c) otherwise properly brought by any of our shareholders. In addition to any other
applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder, such shareholder must have given
timely notice thereof in proper written form to our Secretary. To be timely, a shareholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed
and received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately
preceding annual meeting of shareholders; provided, however, that if the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days
before or after such anniversary date, notice by a shareholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of
business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure
of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs. 

Limitations
of Director Liability and Indemnification of Directors, Officers, and Employees 

Our
articles of incorporation provide that to the fullest extent permitted by the bylaws or the Utah Revised Business Corporation Act, or
the Act, or any other applicable law, as either may be amended, a director shall have no liability to the us or our shareholders for
monetary damages for conduct, any action taken, or any failure to take any action as a director. As permitted by the Act, directors will
not be personally liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages as a director except liability for (a) the amount of a financial
benefit received by a director to which he s not entitled; (b) an intentional infliction of harm on the corporation or its shareholders;
(c) an unlawful distribution in violation of Section 16-10a-842 of the Act; or (d) an intentional violation of criminal law. 

These
limitations of liability do not alter director liability under the federal securities laws and do not affect the availability of equitable
remedies, such as an injunction or rescission. 

In
addition, our bylaws provide that: 

we
 will indemnify our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the Act, including advancing expenses in connection with legal proceedings,
 subject to limited exceptions; 

the
 corporation may, to the extent permitted by the Act, by action of its board of directors, agree to indemnify officers, employees
 and other agents of the corporation and may advance expenses to such persons. 

We
have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our executive officers and directors. These agreements provide that, subject
to limited exceptions and among other things, we will indemnify each of our executive officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted
by law and advance expenses to each indemnity in connection with any proceeding in which a right to indemnification is available. 

We
also maintain general liability insurance that covers certain liabilities of our directors and officers arising out of claims based on
acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers, or persons who control our company, we have
been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

These
provisions may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty, or may have
the practical effect in some cases of eliminating our shareholders ability to collect monetary damages from our directors and
executive officers. These provisions may also have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and
officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant
to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the indemnification agreements and the insurance are necessary
to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and officers. 

At
present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors or officers where indemnification will be required
or permitted. We are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceedings that might result in a claim for such indemnification. 

Listing 

Our
common stock is listed for quotation on the NYSE American under the symbol SDPI. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

VStock
Transfer is transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of the Company 

Superior
 Drilling Solutions, LLC 

Hard
 Rock Solutions, LLC 

Extreme
 Technologies, LLC 

Meier
 Properties Series, LLC 

Meier
 Leasing, LLC 

Superior
 Design and Fabrication, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-210390 and 333-239608) of Superior Drilling Products, Inc., of our report dated March 15, 2023, relating to the
consolidated financial statements of Superior Drilling Products, Inc. (the Company ), appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We also consent to the reference
to us under the heading Experts in such Registration Statement. 

/s/
 Moss Adams LLP 

Dallas,
 Texas 

March
 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I,
G. Troy Meier, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Superior Drilling Products, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or other persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 15, 2023 

/s/
 G. Troy Meier 

G.
 Troy Meier 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I,
Christopher Cashion, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Superior Drilling Products, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or other persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 15, 2023 

/s/
 Christopher Cashion 

Christopher
 Cashion 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Superior Drilling Products, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, G. Troy
Meier, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 15, 2023 

/s/
 G. Troy Meier 

G.
 Troy Meier 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Superior Drilling Products, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Christopher
Cashion, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 15, 2023 

/s/
 Christopher Cashion 

Christopher
 Cashion 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 sdpi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sdpi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 sdpi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 sdpi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

