<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_1460602_0001493152-23-008574.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15133826</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>469163</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2347357</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5428349</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2905939</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3597989</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008574.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322172454
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008574
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Orgenesis Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001460602
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				980583166
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38416
		FILM NUMBER:		23753796

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20271 GOLDENROD LANE
		CITY:			GERMANTOWN
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20876
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(480) 659-6404

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20271 GOLDENROD LANE
		CITY:			GERMANTOWN
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20876

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Orgenesis, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Business Outsourcing Service, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008574.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the transition period from __________________________ to __________________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation or organization 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was , as computed by reference to the closing price of such
common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market on such date. 

The
registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of March 22, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 2022
FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. BUSINESS 
 5 

ITEM
 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 25 

ITEM
 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 51 

ITEM
 2. PROPERTIES 
 51 

ITEM
 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 52 

ITEM
 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 52 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 52 

ITEM
 6. [RESERVED] 
 53 

ITEM
 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 53 

ITEM
 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 63 

ITEM
 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 63 

ITEM
 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 63 

ITEM
 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 63 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

64 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 64 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 64 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 69 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 76 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 79 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 80 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 81 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 83 

SIGNATURES 
 84 

2 

SPECIAL
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Certain statements made in this discussion are forward-looking statements within the meaning of 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. These statements are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, the Company s management as well
as estimates and assumptions made by the Company s management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. When used herein, the words anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, plan, 
 predict, project, target, potential, will, would, 
 could, should, continue or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate
to the Company or the Company s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of the
Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors, including the risks relating
to the Company s business, industry, and the Company s operations and results of operations. Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from
those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. 

Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future
results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the
United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments
and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of
the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Our financial
statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results. The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Unless
otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, the words we, us, our, the Company, 
 our Company or Orgenesis refer to Orgenesis Inc., a Nevada corporation, and our majority or wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Orgenesis Korea Co. Ltd. (the Korean Subsidiary Orgenesis Belgium SRL, a Belgian-based entity (the Belgian
Subsidiary Orgenesis Services SRL, a Belgian-based entity which was incorporated in 2022 Orgenesis Services SRL 
Orgenesis Ltd., an Israeli corporation (the Israeli Subsidiary Orgenesis Maryland LLC (formerly Orgenesis Maryland Inc.),
a Maryland limited liability company (the U.S. Subsidiary Orgenesis Switzerland Sarl, (the Swiss Subsidiary 
Orgenesis Biotech Israel Ltd. OBI Koligo Therapeutics Inc., a Kentucky corporation Koligo Tissue Genesis
International LLC Tissue Genesis a Texas limited liability company which was incorporated in 2022; Orgenesis Germany
GmbH (the German Subsidiary Orgenesis CA, Inc. (the California Subsidiary Mida Biotech BV (the Dutch
Subsidiary which was purchased in 2022; Orgenesis Australia PTY LTD (the Australian Subsidiary which was incorporated
in 2022; Orgenesis Italy SRL (the Italian Subsidiary which was incorporated in 2022, Theracell Laboratories Private Company Theracell Laboratories ), a Greek company that the Company gained control on in December 2022, and Morgenesis LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company Morgenesis which was incorporated in 2022. 

Forward-looking
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include statements about: 

Corporate
and Financial 

our
 ability to generate revenue from the commercialization of our point-of-care cell therapy
 POCare to reach patients and to increase such revenues; 
 
 our
 ability to achieve profitability; 
 
 our
 ability to manage our research and development programs that are based on novel technologies; 

3 

our
 ability to grow the size and capabilities of our organization through further collaboration
 and strategic alliances to expand our point-of-care cell therapy business; 
 
 our
 ability to control key elements relating to the development and commercialization of therapeutic
 product candidates with third parties; 
 
 our
 ability to manage potential disruptions as a result of the continued impact of the coronavirus
 outbreak; 
 
 our
 ability to manage the growth of our company; 
 
 our
 ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel and to expand our management
 team; 
 
 the
 accuracy of estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements, profitability,
 and needs for additional financing; and 
 
 our
 belief that our therapeutic related developments have competitive advantages and can compete
 favorably and profitably in the cell and gene therapy industry. 

Cell
 Gene Therapy Business CGT 

our
 ability to adequately fund and scale our various collaboration, license, partnership and
 joint venture agreements for the development of therapeutic products and technologies; 
 
 our
 ability to advance our therapeutic collaborations in terms of industrial development, clinical
 development, regulatory challenges, commercial partners and manufacturing availability; 
 
 our
 ability to implement our POCare strategy in order to further develop and advance autologous
 therapies to reach patients; 
 
 expectations
 regarding our ability to obtain and maintain existing intellectual property protection for
 our technologies and therapies; 
 
 our
 ability to commercialize products in light of the intellectual property rights of others; 
 
 our
 ability to obtain funding necessary to start and complete such clinical trials; 
 
 our
 ability to further our CGT development projects, either directly or through our JV partner
 agreements, and to fulfill our obligations under such agreements; 
 
 our
 belief that our systems and therapies are as at least as safe and as effective as other options; 
 
 our
 relationship with Tel Hashomer Medical Research Infrastructure and Services Ltd. THM and the growing risk that THM may cancel or, at the very least continue to challenge, the
 License Agreement with the Israeli Subsidiary; 
 
 the
 outcome of certain legal proceedings that we are or may become involved in; 
 
 our
 license agreements with other institutions; 
 
 expenditures
 not resulting in commercially successful products; 
 
 our
 dependence on the financial results of our POCare business; 
 
 our
 ability to complete development, processing and then roll out Orgenesis Mobile Processing
 Units and Labs OMPULs generate sufficient revenue from our POCare Services;
 and 
 
 our
 ability to grow our POCare business and to develop additional joint venture relationships
 in order to produce demonstrable revenues. 

Metalmark
Investment Risks 

Morgenesis
 may not receive the future payments pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement with MM OS Holdings,
 L.P. MM ), an affiliate of Metalmark Capital Partners; 
 
 MM
 may force the sale of Morgenesis under certain conditions which may result in MM receiving
 a greater value than us and our shareholders; 
 
 MM
 may, under certain circumstances, assume control of the Board of Managers of our subsidiary,
 Morgenesis, which would result in our inability to control and direct the activities of such
 subsidiary; 
 
 MM
 has the right to buy our units in Morgenesis upon the occurrence of certain events, which
 could result in us not holding any equity in Morgenesis; 
 
 we
 may be forced to redeem all of the units of Morgenesis held by MM, which could require substantial
 cash outlay and would adversely affect our financial position; and 
 
 if
 MM opts to exchange its Morgenesis units for shares of our common stock, we could potentially
 issue up to 5,106,596 shares of our common stock to MM, which may result in significant dilution
 to our existing stockholders. 

4 

These
statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section
entitled Risk Factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, any of which may
cause our Company s or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks may cause the Company s or its industry s actual results, levels of activity or performance to be materially different
from any future results, levels of activity or performance expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity or performance. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of these
forward-looking statements. The Company is under no duty to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform
these statements to actual results. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Business
Overview 

We
are a global biotech company working to unlock the potential of cell and gene therapies CGTs in an affordable and accessible
format. CGTs can be centered on autologous (using the patient s own cells) or allogenic (using master banked donor cells) and are
part of a class of medicines referred to as advanced therapy medicinal products ATMPs ). We are mostly focused on autologous
therapies that can be manufactured under processes and systems that are developed for each therapy using a closed and automated approach
that is validated for compliant production near the patient for treatment of the patient at the point of care POCare ).
This approach has the potential to overcome the limitations of traditional commercial manufacturing methods that do not translate well
to commercial production of advanced therapies due to their cost prohibitive nature and complex logistics to deliver such treatments
to patients (ultimately limiting the number of patients that can have access to, or can afford, these therapies). 

Advanced
Therapy Medicinal Products and POCare Overview 

ATMP
means one of any of the following medicinal products that are developed and commercialized for human use: 

A
 somatic cell therapy medicinal product STMP that contains cells or
 tissues that have been manipulated to change their biological characteristics or cells or
 tissues not intended to be used for the same essential functions in the body; 
 
 A
 tissue engineered produc t TEP that contains cells or tissues that
 have been modified so that they can be used to repair, regenerate, or replace human tissue;
 or 
 
 A
 gene therapy medicinal product GTMP that engineers genes that lead
 to a therapeutic, prophylactic, or diagnostic effect and, in many cases, work by inserting
 recombinant genes into the body, usually to treat a variety of diseases, including
 genetic disorders, cancer, or long-term diseases. In this case, a recombinant gene is a stretch
 of DNA that is created in the laboratory, bringing together DNA from different sources. 

It
is important to note that, although STMPs and GTMPs currently dominate the market, in order to access the market potential and trends
in the future, other cell products are likely to be essential in all of these categories. We believe that autologous therapies represent
a substantial segment of the ATMP market. Autologous therapies are produced from a patient s own cells versus allogeneic therapies
that are mass-cultivated from donor cells via the construction of master and working cell banks and are then produced on a large scale.
Developers and manufacturers of ATMPs (both autologous and allogeneic) currently rely heavily on production using traditional centralized
supply chains and manufacturing sites. 

CGTs
are costly and complex to produce. We also refer to CGTs as living drugs since they are based on maintaining the cell s
vitality. Therefore, there is no possibility to sterilize the products, since such a process involves killing any living organism. Many
of these therapies require sourcing of the patient s cells, engineering them in a sterile environment and then transplanting them
back to the patient (so-called autologous CGT). This presents multiple logistic challenges as each patient requires their
own production batch, and the current processes involve complex laboratory-based types of manipulations requiring highly trained lab
technicians. We are leveraging a unique approach to therapy production using our POCare Platform to potentially overcome some of the
development and supply chain challenges of affordably bringing CGT to patients. 

5 

To
achieve these goals, we have developed a collaborative worldwide network of research institutes and hospitals who are engaged in the
POCare model POCare Network ), and a pipeline of licensed POCare advanced therapies that can be processed and produced
under such closed and automated processes and systems POCare Therapies ). We are developing our pipeline of advanced therapies
and with the goal of entering into out-licensing agreements for these therapies. 

We
believe that, for this industry to prosper, it must be based on utilizing a standardized platform. Cellular therapies, though defined
as drug products, conceptually differ from other drug modalities. The way these drug products are produced is inherently different from
producing existing drugs. They are based on reprogramming of cells sourced from the patient or from a donor. They are not composed of
purchased chemical components such as typical pharmaceuticals, nor are they harvested in large quantities from genetically engineered
cell lines and then sterilized such as typical biotech products. These living drug products are, in most cases, produced
per patient individually in a highly sterile and controlled environment, and their efficacy is optimized when administered a short time
following production as fresh product. 

To
advance the execution of our goal of bringing such therapies to market, we have designed and built our POCare Platform - a scalable infrastructure
of technology and services that ensures a central quality system, replicability and standardization of infrastructure and equipment,
and centralized monitoring and data management. The platform is constructed on POCare Centers that serve as hubs that implement locally
our POCare quality system, Good Manufacturing Practices GMP ), training procedures, quality control testing and incoming
supply of materials and oversee the actual production in the Orgenesis Mobile Processing Units Labs OMPULs ). The
POCare Platform is operated by Morgenesis, an Orgenesis subsidiary (see below). This platform is utilized by other parties, such as biotech
companies and hospitals for the supply of their products. Morgenesis services include adapting the process to the platform and supplying
the products POCare Services ). These are services for third party companies and for CGTs that are not necessarily based
on our POCare Therapies. 

POCare
Services 

The
POCare Services that we and our affiliated entities perform include: 

Process
 development of therapies, process adaptation, and optimization inside the OMPULs, or OMPULization 
 
 Adaptation
 of automation and closed systems to serviced therapies; 
 
 Incorporation
 of the serviced therapies compliant with GMP in the OMPULs that we designed and built; 
 
 Tech
 transfers and training of local teams for the serviced therapies at the POCare Centers; 
 
 Processing
 and supply of the therapies and required supplies under GMP conditions within our POCare
 Network, including required quality control testing; and 
 
 Contract
 Research Organization CRO services for clinical trials. 

The
POCare Services are performed in decentralized hubs that provide harmonized and standardized services to customers POCare Centers ).
We are working to expand the number and scope of our POCare Centers. We believe that this provides an efficient and scalable pathway
for CGT therapies to reach patients rapidly at lowered costs. Our POCare Services are designed to allow rapid capacity expansion while
integrating new technologies to bring together patients, doctors and industry partners with a goal of achieving standardized, regulated
clinical development and production of therapies. 

6 

POCare
Services Operations via Subsidiaries 

We
currently conduct our core business operations ourselves and through Morgenesis and its subsidiaries which are all wholly owned except
as otherwise stated below (collectively, the Subsidiaries ). The following is a description of our Subsidiaries: 

Morgenesis
LLC 

In
August 2022, we formed Morgenesis LLC, a subsidiary to hold substantially all the assets of our POCare Services. We formed Morgenesis
to streamline all existing POCare Service business units into one unified entity, bringing together a full-service range of solutions
for therapeutic developers for point of care treatments. The newly formalized service offering provides solutions from initial process
development, regulatory strategy and implementation, OMPULization which includes cGMP process development, closing/automating
the process, and with the end goal of optimizing full cGMP processing and supply of therapeutic product to patients at the point of care.
We currently own 76.9 of Morgenesis. 

During
November 2022, we and MM OS Holdings, L.P. MM ), an affiliate of Metalmark Capital Partners Metalmark ),
entered into a series of definitive agreements intended to finance, strengthen and expand our POCare Services business (the Metalmark
Investment ). Pursuant to a unit purchase agreement (the UPA ), MM agreed to purchase 3,019,651 Class A Preferred
Units of Morgenesis (the Class A Units ), which represents 22.31 of the outstanding equity interests of Morgenesis following
the initial closing, for a purchase price of 30.2 million, comprised of (i) 20 million of cash consideration and (ii) the conversion
of 10.2 million of MM s then-outstanding senior secured convertible loans previously entered into with MM. Under certain conditions
related to Morgenesis performance among others, MM has agreed to make future payments of up to 20 million in cash for additional
Class A (or Class B) Units, and/or make a one-time cash payment of 10 million to Orgenesis (the Earnout Payment ). In connection
with the entry into of the UPA, we, Morgenesis and MM entered into the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement
(the LLC Agreement providing for certain restrictions on the disposition of Morgenesis securities, the provisions of certain
options and rights with respect to the management and operations of Morgenesis, a right for MM to exchange any units of Morgenesis for
shares of Orgenesis common stock and certain other rights and obligations. In addition, MM was provided certain protective rights in
Morgenesis. 

We
transferred the following subsidiaries to Morgenesis, and the proceeds of the investment will generally be used to fund the activities
of Morgenesis and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Orgenesis
 Maryland LLC, which is the center of POCare Services activity in North America and is currently
 focused on setting up and providing POCare Services and cell-processing services to the POCare
 Network. 
 
 Tissue
 Genesis International LLC, which was formed in Texas in 2022, is currently focused on development
 of our technologies and therapies. 
 
 Orgenesis
 Services SRL, which was incorporated in 2022 and is currently focused on expanding our POCare
 Network in Belgium. 
 
 Orgenesis
 Germany GmbH, which is currently focused on providing CRO services to the POCare Network. 
 
 Orgenesis
 Korea Co. Ltd., which is a provider of cell-processing and pre-clinical services in Korea.
 The Company owns 94.12 of the Korean Subsidiary. 
 
 Orgenesis
 Biotech Israel Ltd., which is a provider of process development and cell-processing services
 in Israel. 

In
December 2022, we (through our subsidiary Morgenesis) gained control over Theracell Laboratories, a Greek company currently focused on
expanding our POCare Network. (See notes 12 and 13) 

7 

Integration
of Custom Fit Solutions within the POCare Center 

Our
aim is to provide a pathway to bring ATMPs in the cell and gene therapy industry from research to patients worldwide through our POCare
Platform. We define point of care as a process of collecting, processing, and administering cells as close as possible to the clinical
setting. We believe that this approach is an attractive proposition for CGT during the clinical development stage and even more so upon
market approval therapies. This will potentially help to minimize or eliminate the need for cell transportation, which is a high-risk
and costly aspect of the supply chain, further allowing flexible production and patient treatment and reduce the cost and lengthy timelines
associated with building additional clean rooms and complex tech transfers between production sites. 

We
believe that the existing industry paradigm in which each therapy developer invests in setting up unique infrastructure such as specialized
clean rooms and production facilities is inefficient. The cost of construction, regulatory authorization and maintenance of these facilities
is not only prohibitive but extremely difficult and lengthy to replicate, allowing no economies of scale. We have based the design of
our POCare Platform on the concept of standardizing infrastructure by providing flexible building blocks through the POCare Centers and
OMPULs, which allows for quick expansion at multiple locations. 

Local
 Decentralization: POCare Centers are set up in preferred regions, based on nearby hospitals 
 capacity needs, and support the POCare Services model by providing POCare Services. 
 
 Global
 Harmonization: The POCare Platform overcomes conventional processing challenges by enabling
 high quality standards and sterile, scalable onsite processing of CGTs orchestrated by the
 POCare Centers to service local hospitals. Processing infrastructure is harmonized and reproducible
 using the OMPUL. The use of an OMPUL can shorten implementation time from approximately 18-24
 months to approximately 3-9 months, offers a more cost-effective environment and enables
 local scalability by connecting additional OMPULs. The network structure is supported and
 connected by the centralization of the harmonized best industry practices and standards to
 meet the highest quality standards QMS , Quality Management System). Further
 global harmonization is implemented through standardization of the training programs, centralized
 data management and a unified supply chain. 
 
 OMPULization
 of Therapies: Strong process development capabilities are critical for any CGT to scale.
 All therapeutic candidates must undergo some level of process development to move from the
 discovery phase to the clinical phase, if only to establish the same protocols under GMP.
 The POCare Platform takes process development to the next level, implementing a process we
 call OMPULization. OMPULization includes unitizing the process to the exact specifications
 of the OMPUL so it can be rapidly implemented in OMPULs around the world. In addition, OMPULization
 incorporates the latest technology solutions to close and automate the process whenever possible. 

Integrated
closed and automated processing systems require fewer full-time employees FTEs to produce GMP batches, resulting in lower
cost of goods and a process that has the ability to scale in sync with market demand. Full automation may not be necessary for all clinical
phases, but it is important to plan for future incorporation. To this end, we have invested time and capital into evaluating relevant
technology for CGT processing and have developed proprietary equipment that did not exist in the marketplace. 

8 

We
aim to build value in various aspects of our company ranging from supply related processes including development and distribution systems,
clinical and regulatory services, engineering and devices such as OMPULs discussed below and delivery systems. Therapies serviced include
immuno-oncology, anti-aging, metabolic, dermatology, orthopedic, as well as regenerative technologies. 

The
POCare Platform is a unique globally harmonized and decentralized CGT-processing infrastructure that offers cost-effective processing
capacities with ease for scalability and reproducibility. By producing personalized cell and gene therapies (CGTs) utilizing the POCare
Platform, we are able to add new capacity within months instead of years. Over time, we have worked to develop and validate POCare Technologies
that can be combined within mobile production units for advanced therapies. 

We
have made significant investments in the implementation of several therapy types in OMPULs and have made significant progress in the
validation, risk analysis, regulatory and other related tasks relating to the OMPULs. We are setting up the OMPULs through our POCare
Centers. OMPULs are designed for the purpose of validation, development, performance of clinical trials, manufacturing and/or processing
of potential or approved cell and gene therapy products in a safe, reliable, and cost-effective manner at the point of care, as well
as the manufacturing of such CGTs in a consistent and standardized manner in all locations. The design delivers a potential industrial
solution for us to deliver CGTs to most clinical institutions at the point of care. 

9 

Above
are diagrams of an OMPUL and partial interior for illustrative purposes only. 

We
have finalized or are in the process of finalizing the development of several POCare Centers and adapting to the local requirements of
each POCare Center with the target of achieving a capacity to process and supply CGTs per production contracts. As we expand operations,
we expect that the OMPUL setup costs will decline over time. Most of our POCare revenue to date is in support of the implementation of
technologies and therapies in the OMPULs and production at the POCare Sites. 

We
have established POCare Centers in several locations globally, in which we perform process development and manufacturing activities for
several types of CGT products. For example, in Israel, our POCare Center includes process development and QC labs, as well as OMPULs
located at a hospital site in the center of Israel and an additional OMPUL in preparation for an additional hospital. In these OMPULs,
we currently manufacture TILs and CAR-T therapies for our customers. In Greece, our POCare Center includes three OMPULs installed in
place and a process development lab, currently servicing two customers. Our POCare Center in Maryland, USA, includes an operating process
development lab. We are also establishing cleanroom-based facility funded by a government grant. In Spain we have an OMPUL producing
a clinical grade product. 

POCare
Services Development Facilities 

OBI 

OBI
is our specialized process and technology development wholly-owned subsidiary focused on custom-made process development, upscaling design
from lab to industry innovation and automation procedures, which are extremely essential in the cell therapy industry. OBI is located
in Bar-Lev Industrial Park utilizing the exclusive Israeli innovative ecosystem and highly experienced and talented associates including
Ph.D. holders and biotechnology engineers. The center provides end to end solutions to cell therapy industrialization, process development
capabilities and proficiency, custom-made engineering and a unique platform for creative design and process optimization. OBI occupies
1,300 square meters of labs and offices resulting in an efficient and unique environment for cell therapy development. In connection
with the Masthercell Sale completed in 2020, for a period of three years in the European Union and five years in the United States and
the rest of the world from the closing date of the Masthercell Sale, we agreed that OBI will not manufacture products on a contract basis
for third-party customers in any jurisdiction other than the State of Israel, but it may conduct such CDMO business in the State of Israel,
solely for customers located within the State of Israel or with respect to therapies intended for distribution solely within the State
of Israel. The Masthercell sale agreement stipulated that OBI may also conduct, worldwide, (i) point-of-care system, point-of-care products,
point-of-care systems, point-of-care processing, and point-of-care development services for the development, manufacturing or processing
of therapeutics, processes, systems and technologies to treat patients in a point-of-care clinical, hospital or institutional setting,
any future point-of-care services substantially related to the foregoing, and advanced therapy medicinal products either proprietary
to us or our affiliates or proprietary to a third-party partner (including a joint venture partner) or collaborator, which includes research,
development, systems, manufacturing and processing of therapeutic technology products, systems, and processes, methods or services and
(ii) research, manufacturing, development and other activities related to the research, development, manufacturing, discovery and commercialization
of therapeutic products or technologies, and processes, systems, methods or services thereof for its own account or in order to make
such products or services available for the account of their third-party partners (including joint venture partners) or collaborators
(including such therapeutic products, processes or technologies in which we or one of our affiliates has an economic interest or any
relationship with any third-party or that are created, developed, manufactured or sold by a joint venture, partnership or collaboration
between us or any of our affiliates and a third-party (individually and collectively, Permitted Business ). 

10 

The
Korean Subsidiary 

The
Korean Subsidiary has a particular focus on developing innovative cell therapies for our customers. In connection with the Masthercell
Sale completed in 2020, for a period of three years in the European Union and five years in the United States and the rest of the world
from the closing date of the Masthercell Sale, we agreed that the Korean Subsidiary will not manufacture cell and gene products on a
contract basis for third-party customers in any jurisdiction other than South Korea, but it may conduct CDMO business in South Korea,
solely for customers located within South Korea and with respect to therapies intended for distribution solely within South Korea, provided
that the Korean Subsidiary may conduct Permitted Business. 

Tissue
Genesis International 

The
Tissue Genesis Icellator is used to isolate stromal and vascular fraction cells SVF from a patient s own
(autologous) adipose tissue (fat). The Tissue Genesis Icellators, associated disposable kits, and our proprietary enzyme Adipase ,
are made by contract manufacturers and warehoused at our ISO 13485-certified and FDA-registered facility in Texas. From this facility
we fill orders for our customers all around the world and maintain research and development labs to support continued product development. 

Tissue
Genesis International TGI has expanded its development pipeline from the Icellator to additional systems for automation
of Cell and Gene Therapy and incorporation of these various platforms into the OMPULs. 

On
the Icellator front, in 2022 TGI continued to service our existing customers both domestically and abroad, added new customers, increased
revenue from sales, extended shelf-life of existing Icellator inventory, continued Adipase development, and engaged in production of
a new lot of disposables. 

TGI
includes the integration of our development projects, foremost among them the Control Tower for automation of cGMP cell and gene therapy
inside the OMPULs. In 2022 TGI brought this project into the ISO quality system and engaged with contract engineering firms with the
requisite experience and that meet our stringent quality assurance standards. 

Orgenesis
Services SRL 

Orgenesis
Services SRL specializes on developing innovative cell therapies for our customers. The subsidiary benefits both from its central position
in Europe and its being in the leading Walloon biotech cluster. It occupies innovative facilities for the development and quality control
of therapies in R D and GMP grades. 

Theracell
Laboratories 

Theracell
Laboratories, located in Greece, specializes on developing and processing innovative cell therapies for our customers. It was designated
as a Priority Investment of Strategic National Importance by Enterprise Greece, the official Greek national investment
and trade promotion agency, which is responsible for the allocation of Greek government funding. As a result of this designation, Theracell
will be inducted into Greece s fast-track licensing and approval process. This is expected to help advance development and clinical
use of our CGT at POCare, subject to regulatory requirements. 

Notable
2022 POCare Services Activities 

In
2022, we continued to focus on setting up our regional POCare activities. This included the setup of POCare Centers that oversee regional
development and GMP services, local OMPUL deployment and supply of products to the local clinical centers. We are in the process of expanding
the capacity of our POCare Centers in Maryland, Boston, California, Belgium, Greece, Slovenia, Israel, Italy, Spain and Korea. Future
set-up plans include potential sites in the U.S. and EU where we already have initial activity such as in Germany and Texas, as well
as in Australia and China. 

11 

As
part of our POCare Services, we have developed the relevant GMP processes for a variety of therapies such as CAR-T, TILs, NK and MSC
based therapies. We have developed OMPULs with the required systems for production of CAR-T, TILs and MSC products, and are working on
several other therapies intended for clinical testing. TIL, CAR-Ts and MSCs were already produced in the OMPULs for our customers. We
have worked closely with technology partners to adapt various systems for closed system production of the above products and continue
our collaboration efforts to develop fully automated systems for integration in the OMPULs. 

We
expanded our collaboration with UC Davis and have completed the first production batch of GMP grade lentivirus to be utilized for clinical
grade production of CAR-Ts. We intend to expand the collaboration to establish and validate the decentralized model of OMPUL placement
in compliance with regulatory requirements. The parties aim to commercialize and install OMPULs at other sites within the State of California.
We have expanded our partnership with Johns Hopkins University and are setting up a GMP facility with the support of a grant from Maryland.
We are providing products to several hospitals in the U.S., are working closely with leading hospitals in Spain and Italy and are working
closely with clinicians from hospitals in Israel, where we have deployed our OMPULs to set up additional clinical sites where we can
provide POCare Services for our customers and partners. Based on the requests of our customers and partners, we have expanded our POCare
Services to include CRO services. 

We
have collaborated closely with our Greek partner, Theracell, and have set up a partnership in Greece focusing on delivering advanced
therapies to Greek hospitals. The Greek government has granted our Greek joint venture entity a fast track status and a
supportive financial grant. 

Our
POCare Services are expanding to additional geographies, and we are providing services to the U.S., EU, and Asia. 

POCare
Therapies 

The
global CGT market is growing at a rapid pace, now with over 2,000 active clinical trials (ARM H1 2022 Report , including 200+
in Phase III and 254 new clinical trials in 2022 (ARM State of the Industry Briefing). Several biotech companies developing CGTs have
been acquired by large pharma (Gilead Sciences acquired Kite Pharma, Roche acquired Spark Therapeutics, Bayer acquired AskBio) for several
billion dollars before generating their first revenues. According to an article by McKinsey Company from April 2020, CGT products
account for 12 percent of the industry s clinical and 16 percent of the preclinical pipeline. 16 of the world s largest 20
biopharma companies now have CGT assets in their product portfolios. 

This
is a relatively new field, developing quickly in the last decade. The initial development of these therapies began at clinical research
centers, based on attempts of researchers and clinicians to incorporate the scientific knowledge that accumulated from the biotechnology
industry, including advancements in genetic engineering of cells, cell sourcing, tissue engineering and the medical advancements of immunology.
In the early years of development, it was not even clear if such therapies would be considered a clinical treatment (such as a bone marrow
transplant) or drug product such as a recombinant protean. In the last decade there has been much development in the regulatory framework
required to bring such products to market, but still there is vagueness in some markets and unique regulatory pathways (such as the legal
framework in the EU for hospital exemption allowing hospitals who wish to provide such therapies to their patients to take responsibility
for treating patients). Though the biotech industry has embraced this new modality of drug development, they face many challenges. The
pharma and biotech companies are used to centralized production and providing shelf products that can be stored and made available on
demand. Their development and production teams are eager to fit these therapies into the existing well-known paradigms. This has proven
to be extremely challenging, and the result has been approvals of products such as CAR-Ts for blood cancers and products for treatment
of genetic diseases costing hundreds of thousands of dollars, or even over a million dollars per patient. The capacity to produce such
products is limited and though they are considered a breakthrough in terms of clinical results, the high cost has been prohibitive of
market acceptance. 

12 

While
the biotech industry struggles to determine the best way to lower cost of goods and enable CGTs to scale, the scientific community continues
to advance and push the development of such therapies to new heights. Clinicians and researchers are excited by all the new tools (new
generations of industrial viruses, big data analysis for genetic and molecular data) and technologies (CRISPR, mRNA, etc.) available
(often at a low cost) to perform advanced research in small labs. Most new therapies arise from academic institutes or small spinouts
from such institutes. Though such research efforts may manage to progress into a clinical stage, utilizing lab based or hospital-based
production solutions they lack the resources to continue the development of such drugs to market approval. 

Historically,
drug/therapeutic development has required investments of hundreds of millions of dollars to be successful. One significant cause for
the high cost is that each therapy often requires unique production facilities and technologies that must be subcontracted or built.
Further the cost of production during the clinical stage is extremely expensive, and the cost of the clinical trial itself is very high.
Given these financial restraints, researchers and institutes hope to out- license their therapeutic products to large biotech companies
or spin-out new companies and raise large fundraising rounds. However, in many cases they lack the resources and the capability to de-risk
their therapeutic candidates enough to be attractive for such fundings or partnership. 

Our
POCare Network is an alternative to the traditional pathway of drug development. Orgenesis works closely with many such institutes and
is in close contact with researchers in the field. The partnerships with leading hospitals and research institutes gives us a deep insight
as to the developments in the field, as well as the market potential, the regulatory landscape and optimal clinical pathway to potentially
bring these products to market. 

The
ability to produce these products at low cost, allows for an expedited development process and the partnership with hospitals around
the globe enables joint grants and lower cost of clinical development. The POCare Therapies division reviews many therapies available
for out licensing and select the ones which they believe have the highest market potential, can benefit the most from a point of care
approach and have the highest chance of clinical success. It assesses such issues by utilizing its global POCare Network and its internal
knowhow accumulated over a decade of involvement in the field. 

The
goal of this in-licensing is to quickly adapt such therapies to a point-of- care approach through regional partnerships, and to out-license
the products for market approval in preferred geographical regions. This approach lowers overall development cost, through minimizing
pre-clinical development costs incurred by us, and through receiving of the additional funding from grants and/or payments by regional
partners. 

Our
Therapies development subsidiaries are: 

Koligo
 Therapeutics, Inc., a Kentucky corporation, which is a regenerative medicine company, specializing
 in developing personalized cell therapies. It is currently focused on commercializing its
 metabolic pipeline via the POCare Network throughout the United States and in international
 markets. 

Orgenesis
 CA, Inc. a Delaware corporation, which is currently focused on development of our technologies
 and therapies in California. 

Orgenesis
 Belgium SRL which is currently focused on product development. Since its incorporation the
 subsidiary has received grant awards of over Euro 18 million from the Walloon region for
 several projects (DGO6 grants). We intend to continue applying for the Walloon Region support
 of our future pre-clinical and clinical development plans. 

Orgenesis
 Switzerland Sarl, which is currently focused on providing group management services. 

MIDA
 Biotech BV, which was acquired in 2022 and is currently focused on research and development
 activities, was granted a 4 million Euro grant under the European Innovation Council Pathfinder
 Challenge Program which supports cutting-edge science and technology. The grant is for technologies
 enabling the production of autologous induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) using microfluidic
 technologies and artificial intelligence (AI). 

Orgenesis
 Italy SRL which was incorporated in 2022 and is currently focused on R D activities.
 Orgenesis has joined an Italian consortium dedicated to the implementation of a research
 program in the field of gene therapy and drug development with RNA technology. The program
 is sponsored by the Italian national recovery and resilience plan strengthening of
 research structures and creation of national R D champions on key enabling technologies. 

13 

Orgenesis
 Ltd., an Israeli subsidiary which is focused on R D and a provider of R D management
 services for out licenced products. Israel as a hub for biotech research and pioneers in
 this field 

Orgenesis
 Australia PTY LTD, which was incorporated in 2022 and is currently focused on the development
 of the Company s technologies and therapies. 

Therapies
in Development 

Our
cell and gene therapies pipeline includes investigational therapies and next-generation technologies that have the power to transform
the way cancer and other unmet clinical needs are treated. Our pipeline is predominantly comprised of personalised autologous cell therapies,
implying that patients receive cells that originate from their own body, virtually eliminating the risk of an immune response and rejection.
Our promising pipeline focuses on advanced therapy medicinal products is originated from solid internal proprietary, joint ventures and
in-licensing agreements with biotech companies and leading research institutes. Our main therapeutic fields encompass cell-based immuno-oncology,
cell-based drug delivery platforms, regenerative medicine, anti-viral and autoimmune disease. 

The
following table summarizes our therapies in development, which are discussed in detail below: 

Therapy 
 
 Development
 Stage 
 
 Indication 
 
 HiCAR-T 
 
 IND
 enabling studies 
 
 B-ALL,
 B-cell Lymphoma 
 
 CeCART 
 
 Pre-clinical 
 
 Solid
 Tumors 
 
 T-LOOP 
 
 IND
 enabling studies 
 
 Solid
 Tumors 
 
 Intra
 Nasal Delivery of Cell based Immunotherapy 
 
 Pre-Clinical 
 
 Drug
 delivery technology, Glioblastoma 
 
 MSCP 
 
 Pre-clinical 
 
 Wound
 healing and Psoriasis 
 
 EVRD 
 
 Pre-clinical 
 
 CKD 
 
 MDVAC 
 
 IND
 enabling studies 
 
 Pancreatic
 Cancer 
 
 AutoSVF 
 
 Clinical
 development 
 
 Systemic
 ARDS , vascular disorders 
 
 CellFix 
 
 Clinical
 use 
 
 Cartilage
 Defects 
 
 KYSLECEL
 (see 1 below) 
 
 Market
 approval in the US 
 
 TP-IAT 
 
 KT-DM-103
 and KT-CP-203 (3D-Printed Pancreatic Islets) 
 (see
 2 below) 
 
 Own
 development 
 
 Type
 1 diabetes and chronic pancreatitis 
 
 RanTop,
 Ranpirnase Topical Formulation 
 (see
 3 below) 
 
 Clinical
 Stage 
 
 Anti-viral/
 Immune oncology 
 
 Autovac 
 (see
 4 below) 
 
 Pre-clinical 
 
 Autologous
 viral vaccine 
 
 Bioxomes 
 (see
 5 below) 
 
 Pre-clinical 
 
 Drug
 Delivery Technology 
 
 MSPP 
 
 Pre-clinical 
 
 Urinary
 Incontinence 

14 

1. KYSLECEL 
 (Autologous Pancreatic Islets) 

The
patient s own pancreatic islets, comprised of the cells that secrete insulin to regulate blood sugar, form KYSLECEL, a minimally
manipulated autologous cell-based product, produced according to current good tissue practices (cGTP), available in the United States
and regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The target population of KYSLECEL is chronic or acute recurrent
pancreatitis patients after total pancreatectomy (TP-IAT), who are in need of insulin secretory capacity preservation. 

To
gain insight into KYSLECEL patient outcomes, an observational study is expected to be initiated in the United States. In addition, to
promote process development and marketing of KYSLECEL in the European Union, substantial efforts are being invested. In this regard,
designated teams are being trained by Orgenesis, to manage the introduction of KYSLECEL into new markets by supporting tech transfer,
as well as working on the automation of the manufacturing process. We are also considering new potential indications, as well as promoting
the development of new additional biological product. 

2. KT-DM-103
 and KT-CP-203 (3D-Printed Pancreatic Islets) 

Orgenesis,
through the acquisition of Koligo, has exclusively licensed patents and technology from the University of Louisville Research Foundation,
related to the revascularization and 3D printing of cells and tissues intended for transplantation 3D-V technology platform).
Utilizing this technology, potential autologous and allogeneic pancreatic islet transplants may be implemented to treat type 1 diabetes
(KT-DM-103), and chronic pancreatitis (KT-CP-203). In addition to pancreatic islet transplantation, the 3D-V technology platform may
also support improved transplantation of other cell and tissue types. 

3. RanTop,
 Ranpirnase Topical Formulation 

We
are developing a novel topical gel formulation of an active RNA-degrading enzyme, called Ranpirnase. Ranpirnase combats viral infections
by targeting double-stranded RNA including miRNA precursors, via RNA degradation catalysis. Topical Ranpirnase demonstrated good tolerability
and preliminary clinical efficacy in the treatment of HPV-associated external anogenital warts (EGW) in a Phase 2a clinical study conducted
in Bolivia. 

Following
FDA positive pre-IND feedback, a dermal toxicology feasibility study was conducted, showing that Ranpirnase gel formulation was well-tolerated
in repeated daily topical administration. Additionally, a sensitive Ranpirnase blood concentration bioanalytical method was established,
needed for determining systemic exposure in toxicology studies for IND filing. 

We
have demonstrated in laboratory experiments the feasibility of Ranpirnase encapsulation in the Orgenesis Bioxome delivery platform, as
well as an encapsulation-enhanced Ranpirnase anti-viral activity in an in vitro test. Following identification of an optimal cell
source, the combined product will be further developed for oncological indications. 

4. Autologous
 Cell-Based Vaccine for protecting against SARS-CoV-2 

AutoVac
is an autologous, pan-antigenic vaccine platform. The vaccine is based on the use of a specific target for ex vivo induction of
autologous cell-based vaccine that enables rapid response in times of a viral outbreak. As initial proof of concept, we are validating
this novel cell-based vaccine platform against Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Preliminary in vitro results demonstrated
successful immune cell activation, correlated with antigen expression. Currently, additional pre-clinical immunogenicity studies are
planned for regulatory submission support, as well as regulatory and clinical strategy finalization. In addition, other viral pathogens
are tested, to confirm specificity, and robustness of this vaccine platform. 

5. Bioxomes TM
 as a cell-based delivery product 

Exosomes
are small, membrane-enclosed extracellular vesicles, involved in cell-to-cell interactions. Exosomes may serve as a valuable therapeutic
modality, given their ability to transfer a wide variety of therapeutic payloads among cells that can affect a cell in multiple ways,
and can be designed to reach specific cell types. Bioxomes are biocompatible and serve as GMP/GLP-compliant exosome-like membrane nanostructures
that can be produced from various cell types. To this end, we have developed a proprietary large-scale GMP-compatible manufacturing process
for preparation of Bioxome, from human adipose cells, fibroblasts, blood cells, as well as plant cells. 

15 

Additionally,
preliminary biodistribution studies demonstrated specific organ tropism, as well as enhanced skin penetration, when applied topically.
Further biodistribution and bioavailability studies with Bioxomes, encapsulated with selected therapeutic cargos are on-going to confirm
efficacy and safety. Bioxomes are planned to be utilized as the next generation biological delivery platform for Immuno-oncology indications.
Currently, the regulatory strategy is being finalized according to US FDA requirements. 

Strategic
CGT Therapeutics Collaborations 

Collaborations,
partnerships, joint ventures and license agreements are key components of our POCare strategy. 

Our
POCare technology collaborators and partners include Ori Biotech, Accellix, Columbia University in the City of New York, Caerus Therapeutics
Corporation, UC Davis, The Johns Hopkins University, The Weizman Institute of Science and others. 

In
addition, we have collaborations and joint ventures for developing POCare Therapies in jurisdictions throughout the world, including
various countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia, and Australia. Such partnerships include in-licensing and out-licensing
of therapies, service contracts from the partners under co-development agreements, and development and manufacturing agreements for POCare
products supplied regionally. For more information, see note 12, Collaboration and Licensing Agreements of the Notes
to the Financial Statements included in Item 8. 

Current
POCare Therapies Development Facilities 

Koligo 

Koligo
maintains commercial production facilities for KYSLECEL at an FDA-registered establishment in Indiana. Koligo is also developing new
technologies such as bio-degradable 3D structure to deliver islets other cell/tissue. Koligo also maintains development labs at
its Indiana location to support continued development. 

The
Belgian Subsidiary 

The
Belgian Subsidiary specializes in developing and validating proprietary and licensed advanced cell and gene therapies such as the Muscle-derived
Mesenchymal Stem Cells therapy for the treatment of SUI. The subsidiary benefits both from its central position in Europe and its being
in the leading Walloon biotech cluster. Located near Namur, at Novalis Science Park, the Belgian Subsidiary collaborates with leading
medical and academic facilities which enables it to cover the drug product life cycle from research to clinical stage through pre-clinical
and quality control. 

The
subsidiary employs talented and highly experienced staff and collaborators. 

Mida 

Mida
specializes in developing and validating proprietary and licensed advanced cell and gene therapies such IPS based therapies and AI. 

The
Israel Subsidiary 

The
Israel subsidiary occupies 400 square meters of labs and offices in Nes Ziona, Israel. 

16 

Revenue
Model, Business Development and Licenses 

Our
POCare Platform is comprised of three enabling components: a multitude of licensed cell based POCare Therapies to be produced in closed,
automated POCare Technology systems across a collaborative POCare Network. Our therapies include, but are not limited to, autologous,
cell-based immunotherapies, therapeutics for metabolic diseases, anti-viral diseases, and tissue regeneration. We are establishing and
positioning the business to bring point-of-care therapies to patients in a scalable way working directly with hospitals and through regional
JV partners and JVs active in autologous cell therapy product development, including facilities in various countries in North America,
Europe, Asia, the Middle East, and Australia. Our goal through the POCare Platform is to enable a rapid, globally harmonized pathway
for these therapies to reach large numbers of patients at lowered costs through efficient, and decentralized production. Our POCare Network
brings together industry partners, research institutes and hospitals worldwide to achieve harmonized, regulated clinical development
and production of the therapies. 

We
are focused on technology in licensing and therapeutic collaborations, and we out-license therapies marketing rights and manufacturing
rights to partners and/or to the JVs. In many cases, the JVs are responsible for the preparation of clinical trials, local regulatory
approvals and regional marketing activities. Such licensing includes exclusive or nonexclusive, sublicensable, royalty bearing rights
and license to the Orgenesis Background IP as required to manufacture, distribute and market and sell Orgenesis products within the relevant
territories. In consideration of the rights and the licenses so granted, we receive a royalty in the range of ten percent of the net
sales generated by the JV Entity and/or its sublicensees (as applicable) with respect to the Orgenesis products. 

Further
to revenues generated from out-licensing, we generate revenues from POCare Services and sales which is comprised of: 

R D
 development services provided to out-licensing partners 

We
have signed POCare development services Master Services Agreements MSAs with our JV partners. In terms of the MSAs, we
provide certain broadly defined development services that relate to our licensed therapies designed to develop or enhance the therapy
with the objective of preparing it for clinical use. Such services, per therapy, include regulatory services, pre-clinical studies, intellectual
property services, development services, and GMP process translation. We also provide support services
to our customers. 

Hospital
 supply 

Hospital
services includes the sale or lease of products and the performance of processing services to our POCare hospitals or other medical providers.
We either work directly with hospitals or receive payments through our regional JV partnerships. 

Cell
 process development revenue 

We
provide cell process development services in some regions to third party customers. Those services are unique to the customers who retain
the ownership of the intellectual property created through the process. 

POCare
 cell processing 

We
provide distributed cell processing services for third party customers at POCare Centers in close proximity to patients. 

Our
POCare revenue is as follows: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 
 
 Revenue
 stream: 
 2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 POCare
 development services 
 14,894 
 32,192 
 
 Cell
 process development services and hospital services 
 11,212 
 3,310 
 
 POCare
 cell processing 
 9,919 
 - 
 
 Total 
 36,025 
 35,502 

17 

Competition
in the Cell Therapy Field 

The
biopharmaceutical industry is intensely competitive. There is continuous demand for innovation and speed, and as the cell-based therapies
market evolves, there is always the risk that a competitor may be able to develop other compounds or drugs that are able to achieve similar
or better results for indications. Potential competition includes major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology
companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, universities, and other research institutions. Many of these competitors have substantially
greater financial, technical, and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing
organizations with established sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly
through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. 

Currently,
we are not aware of any other companies pursuing a business model similar to what we are developing under our POCare Platform. However,
our competitors in the CGT field who are significantly larger and better capitalized than us could undertake strategies similar to what
we are pursuing and even develop them at a much more rapid rate. These potential competitors include the same multinational pharmaceutical
companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, universities, and other research institutions that
are operating in the CGT field. In that respect, smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly
through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
will be able to protect our technology and products from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent it is covered by valid
and enforceable claims of our patents or is effectively maintained as trade secrets. Patents and other proprietary rights are thus an
essential element of our business. 

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, technology, and
know-how, to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights.
Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing U.S. and foreign patent applications related
to our proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade
secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation, and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 

In
addition, we own or have exclusive rights to thirty-six (36) United States patents, seventy-five (75) foreign-issued patents, eighteen
(18) pending patent applications in the United States, seventy-one (71) pending patent applications in foreign jurisdictions, including
Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, North Korea, Panama, Russia, Singapore,
South Africa, and South Korea, and eleven (11) international Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT patent applications. These
patents and patent applications relate, among others, to (1) dendritic cell based (whole cell) vaccines, and their use for treating cancer
and viral diseases; (2) compositions comprising Ranpirnase and other ribonucleases and their use for treating viral diseases; (3) tumor
infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) and their use for treating cancer; (4) compositions comprising immune cells, ribonucleases, or antibodies
for treating COVID-19; (5) therapeutic compositions comprising exosomes, bioxomes, and redoxomes; (6) bioreactors for cell culture and
automated devices for supporting cell therapies; (7) chimeric antigen receptors (CARs); (8) adoptive immunotherapy using neurotransmitters;
(9) Mobile Processing Units; (10) Axial Stem Cells; (11) Cell-delivery devices; (12) scaffolds, including alginate and sulfated alginate
scaffolds, and bioconjugates comprising sulfated polysaccharides and diverse bioactive peptides, and uses thereof; and (13) skin diseases
treatment and anti-aging compositions. 

We
have a granted U.S. patent, a pending U.S. patent application and pending U.S. provisional patent applications directed, among others,
to dendritic cell-based (whole cell) vaccines, and their use for treating cancer and viral diseases. If issued, any patents based on
these applications will expire in 2037. The granted U.S. patent will expire in 2037. 

18 

We
have pending U.S. patent applications directed, among others, to compositions comprising Ranpirnase and other ribonucleases for the treatment
of viral diseases. If issued, any patents based on these applications will expire between 2031 and 2040. Counterpart patents applications
were filed in Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, Japan, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, South Korea, Russian Federation, Singapore,
and South Africa. If issued, any patents based on these applications will expire between 2035 and 2041. These expiration dates do not
include any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. 

We
have pending U.S. patent applications directed, among others, to therapeutic compositions comprising exosomes, bioxomes, and redoxomes.
If issued, any patents based on these applications will expire between 2029 and 2041. Counterpart patents applications were filed in
Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, India, Israel, Japan and South Korea. If issued, any patents based on these applications will
expire in 2039. These expiration dates do not include any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing
authorizations. 

We
have pending U.S. patent applications directed, among others, to compositions comprising ribonucleases and antibodies or bioxomes, and
their use for treating viral diseases, including COVID-19. If issued, any patents based on these applications will expire in 2042, without
including any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. A counterpart patent application
was filed in Israel. 

We
have a pending International PCT application directed, among others, to compositions comprising immune cells for treating COVID-19. If
converted into national phase applications and issued, any patents based on these applications will expire in 2042, without including
any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. 

We
have a pending International PCT application, pending U.S. patent applications, and pending U.S. provisional patent applications directed,
among others, to bioreactors for cell culture and automated devices for supporting cell therapies. If issued, any patents based on these
applications will expire between 2027 and 2042. Counterpart patent applications were filed in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe,
Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam. 

We
have a pending International PCT application directed, among others, to tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) and their use for treating
cancer. If converted into national phase applications and issued, any patents based on these applications will expire in 2042, without
including any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. 

We
have a pending U.S. patent application directed, among others, to compositions comprising mesenchymal stem cells, and their use for treating
solid tumors. If issued, any patent based on this application would expire in 2040. Counterpart patent applications were filed in China,
Europe, and Israel. If issued, any patents based on these applications would expire in 2040. These expiration dates do not include any
patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. 

We
have a pending International PCT application directed, among others, to methods of treating cancer or CNS-related diseases by intranasal
administration of an oncolytic virus. If converted into national phase applications and issued, any patents based on these applications
will expire in 2043, without including any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. 

We
have four pending U.S. provisional patent applications and a pending U.S. patent application directed, among others, to chimeric antigen
receptors (CARs), and their use for treating malignancies. If issued, any patents based on these applications would expire in 2042, without
including any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. 

We
have a granted patent and a pending U.S. patent application directed, among others, to adoptive immunotherapy using neurotransmitters.
If issued, any patent based on this application would expire in 2039. Counterpart patent applications were filed in Australia, Brazil,
Canada, China, Europe, Israel, India, Japan, Russian Federation, Singapore, and South Korea. If issued, any patents based on these applications
would expire in 2039. These expiration dates do not include any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of
marketing authorizations. The granted U.S. patent will expire in 2024. 

19 

We
have a pending International PCT application and a pending U.S. patent application directed, among others, to mobile processing laboratories
configured for performing there within a cell therapy process. Any patents based on these applications would expire in 2042, without
including any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. 

We
have a pending U.S. patent application directed, among others, to Axial Stem Cells, their preparation, and uses in treatment or diagnostics
of neurodegenerative diseases, bone or cartilage disorders, muscle disorders, and in regenerative treatment of tissues or organs. Counterpart
patent applications were filed in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Israel, India, Japan, Russian Federation, and South Korea.
If issued, any patents based on these applications would expire in 2042, without including any patent term extensions that might be available
following the grant of marketing authorizations. 

We
have a pending U.S. provisional patent application and a pending PCT application, directed, among others, to a composition comprising
topiramate and bioxome, redoxome, HA, extracellular vesicles (EV), or PRP extracellular vesicles and its use for the treatment of a dermatological
condition. If converted into national phase applications and issued, any patents based on these applications would expire in 2042 and
2043, without including any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. 

The
Israeli Subsidiary has exclusive rights to eight (8) United States patents, thirty (30) foreign-issued patents, one (1) pending patent
application in the United States, and six (6) pending patent applications in foreign jurisdictions, including Brazil, Canada, Europe,
and Israel. These patents and patent applications relate, among others, to the trans-differentiation of cells (including hepatic cells)
to cells having pancreatic -cell-like phenotype and function and to their use in the treatment of degenerative pancreatic disorders,
including diabetes, pancreatic cancer and pancreatitis. Granted U.S. patents, which are directed to trans-differentiation to pancreatic
 -cell-like phenotype and function cells and to their use in the treatment of degenerative pancreatic disorders, including diabetes,
pancreatic cancer and pancreatitis, will expire between 2024 and 2040. Counterpart patents granted in Austria, Australia, Belgium, China,
Eurasia, France, Germany, Greece, Israel, Switzerland, Japan, Mexico, Panama, Singapore, South Korea, and the United Kingdom, will expire
between 2024 and 2035. 

We
also own IP and related Extracellular Vesicle EV Technology pursuant to an EV purchase agreement (the EV Agreement ).
Pursuant to the EV Agreement, we received all of the rights in EV technology purchased. In addition, we received an exclusive worldwide
license to use the EV IP technology for any purpose. 

Government
Regulation 

Development
Business 

We
are required to comply with the regulatory requirements of various local, state, national and international regulatory bodies having
jurisdiction in the countries or localities where we manufacture products, where our OMPULs are established or where we plan to supply
products. In particular, we are subject to laws and regulations concerning research and development, testing, manufacturing processes,
equipment and facilities, including compliance with GMPs, labeling and distribution, import and export, facility registration or licensing,
and product registration and listing. As a result, our facilities are subject to regulation in Israel and South Korea. We are also required
to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, as discussed below. These regulatory requirements impact many aspects
of our operations, including manufacturing, developing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, import and export and record keeping
related to customers products. Noncompliance with any applicable regulatory requirements can result in government refusal to approve
facilities for manufacturing products or products for commercialization. 

Both
of our products and our customers products must undergo pre-clinical and clinical evaluations relating to product safety and efficacy
before they are approved as commercial therapeutic products. The regulatory authorities that have jurisdiction in the countries in which
our and our customers products are intended to be marketed may delay or put on hold clinical trials, delay approval of a product
or determine that the product is not approvable. The regulatory agencies can delay approval of a drug if our manufacturing facilities
or OMPULs are not able to demonstrate compliance with cGTPs, pass other aspects of pre-approval inspections (i.e., compliance with filed
submissions) or properly scale up to produce commercial supplies. The government authorities having jurisdiction in the countries in
which our customers intend to market their products have the authority to withdraw product approval or suspend manufacture if there are
significant problems with raw materials or supplies, quality control and assurance or the product is deemed adulterated or misbranded.
In addition, if new legislation or regulations are enacted or existing legislation or regulations are amended or are interpreted or enforced
differently, we may be required to obtain additional approvals or operate according to different manufacturing or operating standards
or pay additional fees. This may require a change in our manufacturing techniques or additional capital investments in our facilities. 

20 

Certain
products manufactured by us involve the use, storage and transportation of toxic and hazardous materials. Our operations are subject
to extensive laws and regulations relating to the storage, handling, emission, transportation and discharge of materials into the environment
and the maintenance of safe working conditions. We maintain environmental and industrial safety and health compliance programs and training
at our facilities. 

Prevailing
legislation tends to hold companies primarily responsible for the proper disposal of their waste even after transfer to third party waste
disposal facilities. Other future developments, such as increasingly strict environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and
enforcement policies, could result in substantial costs and liabilities to us and could subject the handling, manufacture, use, reuse
or disposal of substances or pollutants at our facilities to more rigorous scrutiny than at present. 

Our
development operations involve the controlled use of hazardous materials and chemicals. Although we believe that our procedures for using,
handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we may incur significant additional costs
to comply with applicable laws in the future. Also, even if we are in compliance with applicable laws, we cannot completely eliminate
the risk of contamination or injury resulting from hazardous materials or chemicals. As a result of any such contamination or injury,
we may incur liability or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business
operations. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed
our resources. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations
may impair our contract manufacturing operations, which could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
costs associated with complying with the various applicable local, state, national and international regulations could be significant
and the failure to comply with such legal requirements could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
See Risk Factors Risks Related to Development and Regulatory Approval of Our Therapies and Product Candidates 
Extensive industry regulation has had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on our business, especially our product development,
manufacturing and distribution capabilities. for additional discussion of the costs associated with complying with the various
regulations. 

POCare
Therapies Portfolio 

Our
therapeutic product portfolio pipeline is diverse and addresses various unmet clinical needs. It is predominantly comprised of personalized
autologous cell therapies, implying that patients receive cells that originate from their own body, virtually eliminating the risk of
an immune response and rejection and thus easing various regulatory hurdles. In addition, by leveraging our vast experience and proven
track record in developing and optimizing cell processing, these selective therapies are adapted to be produced in closed, automated
systems, reducing the need for high grade cleanroom environments. The systems enable each stage of the manufacturing process (cell sorting,
expansion, genetic modifications, quality control) to be optimized in order to substantially reduce the cost burden for patients and
making the therapies widely accessible. Notably, our therapeutic pipeline is developed by researchers from our network and are subsequently
out-licensed and validated in multi-center clinical trials conducted across point of care partner sites leveraging the robustness of
our POCare Network. Once approved these therapies are distributed to leading medical institutions globally within our network and thus
granting the inventors a royalty-based commercialization horizon. 

Regulatory
Process in the United States 

Our
potential product candidates are subject to regulation as a biological product under the Public Health Service Act and the Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act. The FDA generally requires the following steps for pre-market approval or licensure of a new biological product: 

Pre-clinical
 laboratory and animal tests conducted in compliance with Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP,
 requirements to assess a drug s biological activity and to identify potential safety
 problems, and to characterize and document the product s chemistry, manufacturing controls,
 formulation, and stability; 

21 

Submission
 to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug, or IND, application, which must become effective
 before clinical testing in humans can start; 
 
 Obtaining
 approval of Institutional Review Boards, or IRBs, of research institutions or other clinical
 sites to introduce biologic drug candidates into humans in clinical trials; 
 
 Conducting
 adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the
 product for its intended indication conducted in compliance with Good Clinical Practice,
 or GCP, requirements; 
 
 Compliance
 with current GMP regulations and standards; 
 
 Submission
 to the FDA of a Biologics License Application BLA for marketing that includes
 adequate results of pre-clinical testing and clinical trials; 
 
 The
 FDA reviews the marketing application in order to determine, among other things, whether
 the product is safe, effective and potent for its intended uses; and 
 
 Obtaining
 FDA approval of the BLA, including inspection and approval of the product manufacturing facility
 as compliant with GMP requirements, prior to any commercial sale or shipment of the pharmaceutical
 agent. The FDA may also require post marketing testing and surveillance of approved products
 or place other conditions on the approvals. 

Regulatory
Process in Europe 

In
the European Union EU somatic cell and gene therapy products are called Advanced Therapy Medicinal Product (ATMPs). Since
January 2022 the Clinical Trial Regulation (EU) 536/2014 regulates the application of medicinal products including ATMPs to humans immediately
effective in all member states. In conjunction with Regulation 536/2014 the EU commission has released two delegated acts regulating
manufacturing of investigational as well as marketed AMPs. For products that are regulated as an ATMP, 

 Regulation
requires: 

Compliance
 with current GMP regulations and standards, as described in the delegated acts; 
 
 Filing
 a Clinical Trial Application CTA 
 
 in
 EU member states and EEA countries according to regulation 536/2014 via CTIS (Clinical Trial
 Information System) allowing a harmonized approval process among all member states (including
 multinational clinical trials); 
 
 Obtaining
 approval by ethic committees responsible for medical institutions; 
 
 Adequate
 and well-controlled clinical trials according to GCP standards protecting the well-being
 of a study participant and establishing the safety and efficacy of the product for its intended
 use; 
 
 Centralized
 submission procedure for ATMPs via EMA for Marketing Authorization; and 
 
 Review
 and approval of the Marketing Authorization Application. 

As
in the U.S., prior to the general regulatory process of a new biologic products, we will prosecute an Orphan Drug Designation for treatment
of patients with established Diabetes Mellitus induced by total pancreatectomy. In the EU, in order to be qualified, the
prevalence must be below 5 per 10,000 of the EU population, except where the expected return on investment is insufficient to justify
the investment. 

Authorized
orphan medicines benefit from 10 years of protection from market competition with similar medicines with similar indications once they
are approved. Companies applying for designated orphan medicines pay reduced fees for regulatory activities. This includes reduced fees
for protocol assistance, marketing-authorization applications, inspections before authorization, applications for changes to marketing
authorizations made after approval, and reduced annual fees. 

Exemption
from the centralized procedure was introduced into the ATMP Regulation to allow marketing of certain ATMPs in individual EU member states.
The so-called hospital exemption can only be applied for custom-made ATMPs used in a hospital setting for a specific patient
by a treating physician. In addition, a competent authority must authorize hospital exemption for ATMPs. Hospital exemption products
must comply with the same national requirements concerning quality, traceability and pharmacovigilance that apply to authorized medicinal
products. The hospital exemption has to be applied for individually in each EU member state according to national procedures
and control measures. 

22 

Clinical
Trials 

Typically,
both in the U.S. and the EU, clinical testing involves a three-phase process, although the phases may overlap. In Phase I, clinical trials
are conducted with a small number of healthy volunteers or patients and are designed to provide information about product safety and
to evaluate the pattern of drug distribution and metabolism within the body. In Phase II, clinical trials are conducted with groups of
patients afflicted with a specific disease in order to determine preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and expanded evidence of safety.
In some cases, an initial trial is conducted in diseased patients to assess both preliminary efficacy and preliminary safety and patterns
of drug metabolism and distribution, in which case it is referred to as a Phase I/II trial. Phase III clinical trials are generally large-scale,
multi-center, comparative trials conducted with patients afflicted with a target disease in order to provide statistically valid proof
of efficacy, as well as safety and potency. In some circumstances, the FDA or EMA may require Phase IV or post-marketing trials if it
feels that additional information needs to be collected about the drug after it is on the market. During all phases of clinical development,
regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data, as well as clinical trial investigators.
An agency may, at its discretion, re-evaluate, alter, suspend, or terminate the testing based upon the data that have been accumulated
to that point and its assessment of the risk/benefit ratio to the patient. Monitoring all aspects of the study to minimize risks is a
continuing process. All adverse events must be reported to the FDA or EMA. 

The
FDA has granted Orphan Drug designation for our AIP cells as a cell replacement therapy for the treatment of severe hypoglycemia-prone
diabetes resulting from TP due to chronic pancreatitis. The FDA s Orphan Drug Designation Program provides orphan status to drugs
and biologics which are defined as those intended for the safe and effective treatment, diagnosis or prevention of rare diseases/disorders
that affect fewer than 200,000 people in the United States. Orphan designation qualifies the sponsor of the drug for various development
incentives, including eligibility for seven years of market exclusivity upon regulatory approval, exemption from FDA application fees,
tax credits for qualified clinical trials, and other potential assistance in the drug development process . 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of 167 employees working at our company and Subsidiaries. In addition, we retain the services
of outside consultants for various functions including clinical work, finance, accounting and business development services. Most of
our senior management and professional employees have had prior experience in pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies. None of our
employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe that we have good relations with our employees. 

Compensation
and Benefits 

We
believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. Biotechnology
companies both large and small compete for a limited number of qualified applicants to fill specialized positions. To attract qualified
applicants, we offer a total rewards package consisting of base salary and cash target bonus, a comprehensive benefit package and equity
compensation to select employees. Bonus opportunity and equity compensation increase as a percentage of total compensation based on level
of responsibility. Actual bonus payout is based on performance. 

Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion 

Much
of our success is rooted in the diversity of our teams and our commitment to inclusion. We value diversity at all levels. We believe
that our business benefits from the different perspectives a diverse workforce brings, and we pride ourselves on having a strong, inclusive
and positive culture based on our shared mission and values. This is reflected in our numbe rs
with our total workforce being approximately 53 women, 11 ethnically diverse and 50 over the age of 40. 

23 

Health,
Wellness and Safety 

We
believe that the safety and health of our employees and their families is essential to our business. Our culture is driven by a desire
to do what is right, and we strive to support the well-being of our employees. We prioritize the
safety and well-being of our employees as they face both mental and physical challenges related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our employees
have demonstrated great resilience during the pandemic, and we continue to provide resources to support their well-being. Beginning
in March 2020, we have supported our employees and government efforts to curb the COVID-19 pandemic through a multi-faceted communication,
infrastructure, and behavior modification and enforcement effort that includes: 

establishing
 clear and regular COVID-19 policies, safety protocols, and updates to all employees; 
 
 strongly
 encouraging all office-based employees to work from home; and 
 
 implementing
 protocols to address actual and suspected COVID-19 cases and potential exposure. 

Our
financial, medical, and mental health benefits that were already in place prior to the COVID-19 pandemic were designed to help employees
through crisis, and we further expanded our offerings to create appropriate work from home conditions for success and wellness,
including purchasing additional IT equipment and office supplies and increasing communications related to our mental health benefits.
In particular, we offered sessions on mindfulness to further support the mental health of our employees. 

Environmental,
Social and Governance 

Our
commitment to integrating sustainability across our organization begins with our Board of Directors, or the Board. The Nominating and
Governance Committee of the Board has oversight of strategy and risk management related to Environmental, Social and Governance, or ESG.
All employees are responsible for upholding our core values, including to communicate, collaborate, innovate and be respectful, as well
as for adhering to our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, including our policies on bribery, corruption, conflicts of interest and
our whistleblower program. We encourage employees to come to us with observations and complaints, ensuring we understand the severity
and frequency of an event in order to escalate and assess accordingly. Our Chief Compliance Officer strives to ensure accountability,
objectivity, and compliance with our Code of Conduct. If a complaint is financial in nature, the Audit Committee Chair is notified concurrently,
which triggers an investigation, action, and report. 

We
are committed to protecting the environment and attempt to mitigate any negative impact of our operations. We monitor resource use, improve
efficiency, and at the same time, reduce our emissions and waste. We are systematically addressing the environmental impacts of the buildings
we rent as we make improvements, including adding energy control systems and other energy efficiency measures. Waste in our own operation
is minimized by our commitment to reduce both single-use plastics and operating paper-free, primarily in a digital environment. We have
safety protocols in place for handling biohazardous waste in our labs, and we use third-party vendors for biohazardous waste and chemical
disposal. 

Corporate
and Available Information 

Our
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available
free of charge though our website http://www.orgenesis.com as soon as practicable after such material is electronically filed
with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Except as otherwise stated in these documents,
the information contained on our website or available by hyperlink from our website is not incorporated by reference into this report
or any other documents we file, with or furnish to, the SEC. 

Our
common stock is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ORGS. 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and unless otherwise indicated, the term Company refers to Orgenesis Inc. and its
Subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified, all amounts are expressed in United States Dollars. 

24 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address
all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face,
can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 

Our
 POCare business has a limited operating history and an unproven business model and faces
 significant challenges as the cell therapy industry is rapidly evolving. Our prospects may
 be considered speculative and any failure to execute our business strategy could adversely
 impact our business. 

Our
 management, as of December 31, 2022, and our independent registered public accounting firm,
 in its report on our financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2022, have concluded that there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going
 concern. 

We
 are not profitable as of December
 31, 2022 , have limited cash flow and, unless
 we increase revenues and take advantage of any commercial opportunities that arise to expand
 our POCare business, the perceived value of our company may decrease and our stock price
 could be affected accordingly. 

Our
 research and development efforts on novel technology using cell-based therapy and our future
 success is highly dependent on the successful development of that technology. 

We
 have entered into collaborations and may form or seek collaborations or strategic alliances
 or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the
 benefits of such alliances or licensing arrangements. 

Our
 success will depend on strategic collaborations with third parties to develop and commercialize
 therapeutic product candidates, and we may not have control over a number of key elements
 relating to the development and commercialization of any such product candidate. 

Our
 business has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and may be significantly adversely affected
 by a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or if other events out of our control disrupt our
 business or that of our third-party partners. 

Our
 success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies. 

Third
 parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating
 or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be
 uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

Our
 success depends on our ability to develop and roll out our OMPULs. 

If
 product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and
 may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 

We
 are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face
 certain risks, including cybersecurity and data storage risks. 

There
 can be no assurance that we will be able to develop in-house sales and commercial distribution
 capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to successfully
 commercialize any product in the United States or overseas, and as a result, we may not be
 able to generate product revenue. 

25 

Our
 product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could
 halt their clinical development, prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial
 potential, or result in significant negative consequences. 

Our
 product candidates are biologics, and the manufacture of our product candidates is complex,
 and we may encounter difficulties in production, particularly with respect to process development
 or scaling-out of our manufacturing capabilities. 

Cell-based
 therapies rely on the availability of reagents, specialized equipment, and other specialty
 materials, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. For some of these
 reagents, equipment, and materials, we rely or may rely on sole source vendors or a limited
 number of vendors, which could impair our ability to manufacture and supply our products. 

We
 currently have no marketing and sales organization and have no experience in marketing therapeutic
 products. If we are unable to establish marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements
 with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, we may not be able to generate
 product revenue. 

There
 can be no assurance that we will be able to develop in-house sales and commercial distribution
 capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to successfully
 commercialize any product in the United States or overseas, and as a result, we may not be
 able to generate product revenue. 

We
 face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, many
 of which have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, and our operating
 results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

We
 are highly dependent on key personnel who would be difficult to replace, and our business
 plans will likely be harmed if we lose their services or cannot hire additional qualified
 personnel. 

Extensive
 industry regulation has had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on our business,
 especially our product development, manufacturing and distribution capabilities. 

Third
 parties to whom we may license or transfer development and commercialization rights for products
 covered by intellectual property rights may not be successful in their efforts and, as a
 result, we may not receive future royalty or other milestone payments relating to those products
 or rights. 

Morgenesis
 may not receive the future payments pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement with MM. 

MM
 may force the sale of Morgenesis under certain conditions which may result in MM receiving
 a greater value than us and our shareholders. 

MM
 may, under certain circumstances, assume control of the Board of Managers of our subsidiary,
 Morgenesis, which would result in our inability to control and direct the activities of such
 subsidiary. 

MM
 has the right to buy our units in Morgenesis upon the occurrence of certain events, which
 could result in us not holding any equity in Morgenesis. 

We
 may be forced to redeem all of the units of Morgenesis held by MM, which could require substantial
 cash outlay and would adversely affect our financial position. 

If
 MM opts to exchange its Morgenesis units for shares of our common stock, we could potentially
 issue up to 5,106,596 shares of our common stock to MM, which may result in significant dilution
 to our existing stockholders. 

26 

Risk
Factors 

An
investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties
in addition to other information in this report in evaluating our company and its business before purchasing shares of our company s
common stock. Our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed due to any of the following risks. You
could lose all or part of your investment due to any of these risks. 

Risks
Related to Our Company and POCare Business 

Our
POCare business has a limited operating history and an unproven business model and faces significant challenges as the cell therapy industry
is rapidly evolving. Our prospects may be considered speculative and any failure to execute our business strategy could adversely impact
our operations and the price of our common stock. 

Our
POCare business has a limited operating history and an unproven business model. Our plans to continue to grow our POCare cell therapy
business and to further the development of ATMPs are subject to significant challenges. Although we have sufficient capital resources
for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future, we may not be able to implement our POCare business or commence clinical trials or
respond to competitive pressures due to other non-financial factors beyond our control. Our failure to effectively execute our business
strategy could adversely affect our ability to successfully grow our POCare business and develop cell therapy product candidates, which
could cause the value of your investment in our common stock to decline. 

Our
management, as of December 31, 2022, and our independent registered public accounting firm, in its report on our financial statements
as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, have concluded that there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as
a going concern. 

Our
audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern.
The going concern basis of the presentation assumes that we will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and will be able to
realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities in the normal course of business and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible
future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from our
inability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, our management concluded that, based on expected operating losses
and negative cash flows, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve months after the
date the financial statements were issued. Our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to our ability to raise additional capital
through equity offerings or debt financings. The Unit Purchase Agreement between us and MM requires MM to make up to two additional payments
to Morgenesis if certain specified Net Revenue targets (as defined in the Unit Purchase Agreement) are satisfied by Morgenesis during
each of years 2022 and 2023, as described in more detail in this report. For each of those fiscal years in which such specified Net Revenue
targets are satisfied by Morgenesis, MM will be obligated to pay an additional 10 million to Morgenesis shortly after the end of that
fiscal year. However, we may not be able to secure additional financing in a timely manner or on favorable terms, if at all, and may
not receive any such future payments under the Unit Purchase Agreements if the required milestones are not met. If we cannot continue
as a going concern, we may have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried on our
financial statements, and it is likely that our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in us. If we seek additional financing
to fund our business activities in the future and there remains substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, investors
or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

We
are not profitable as of December 31, 2022 ,
 have limited cash flow and, unless we increase revenues and take advantage of any commercial opportunities that arise to expand
our POCare business, the perceived value of our company may decrease and our stock price could be affected accordingly. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and as of the date of this report, we assessed our financial condition and concluded that based on current
and projected cash resources and commitments, there is a substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
to meet the Company s current operations for the next 12 months from the date of this report. Our auditor s report for the
year ended December 31, 2022 includes a going concern opinion on the matter. Management is unable to predict if and when we will be able
to generate significant revenues or achieve profitability. Our plan regarding these matters is to continue improving the net results
in our POCare business into fiscal year 2023. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in increasing revenues, improving
our POCare results or that the perceived value of our Company will increase. In the event that we are unable to generate significant
revenues in our POCare business, our stock price could be adversely affected. 

27 

Our
research and development programs are based on novel technologies and are inherently risky. 

We
are subject to the risks of failure inherent in the development of products based on new technologies. The novel nature of our cell therapy
technology creates significant challenges with respect to product development and optimization, manufacturing, government regulation
and approval, third-party reimbursement and market acceptance. For example, the FDA and EMA have relatively limited experience with the
development and regulation of cell therapy products and, therefore, the pathway to marketing approval for our cell therapy product candidates
may accordingly be more complex, lengthy and uncertain than for a more conventional product candidate. The indications of use for which
we choose to pursue development may have clinical effectiveness endpoints that have not previously been reviewed or validated by the
FDA or EMA, which may complicate or delay our effort to ultimately obtain FDA or EMA approval. Because this is a new approach to treating
diseases, developing and commercializing our product candidates subjects us to a number of challenges, including: 

obtaining
 regulatory approval from the FDA, EMA and other regulatory authorities that have very limited
 experience with the commercial development of our technology for treating different diseases; 
 
 developing
 and deploying consistent and reliable processes for removing the cells from the patient engineering
 cells ex vivo and infusing the engineered cells back into the patient; 
 
 developing
 processes for the safe administration of these products, including long-term follow-up for
 all patients who receive our products; 
 
 sourcing
 clinical and, if approved, commercial supplies for the materials used to manufacture and
 process our products; 
 
 developing
 a manufacturing process and distribution network with a cost of goods that allows for an
 attractive return on investment; 
 
 establishing
 sales and marketing capabilities after obtaining any regulatory approval to gain market acceptance;
 and 
 
 maintaining
 a system of post marketing surveillance and risk assessment programs to identify adverse
 events that did not appear during the drug approval process. 

Our
efforts to overcome these challenges may not prove successful, and any product candidate we seek to develop may not be successfully developed
or commercialized. 

Kyslecel
may not achieve patient or market acceptance, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
commercialization strategy for Kyslecel relies on medical specialists, medical facilities and patients adopting TP-IAT with Kyslecel
as an accepted treatment for chronic pancreatitis. However, medical specialists are historically slow to adopt new treatments, regardless
of perceived merits, when older treatments continue to be supported by established providers. Overcoming such resistance often requires
significant marketing expenditure or definitive product performance and/or pricing superiority. The cost of allocating resources for
such requirements might severely impact the potential for profitability of Kyslecel. 

There
is no guarantee that physician or patient acceptance of TP-IAT with Kyslecel will be substantial. Further, there is no guarantee that
Koligo will be able to achieve patient acceptance or obtain enough customers (clinical providers) to meet its sales objectives. If we
do not meet our sales objectives, our business prospects and financial performance will be materially and adversely affected. 

Further,
we are partially reliant on published clinical trials and scientific research conducted by third parties to justify the patient benefit
and safety of TP-IAT with Kyslecel and, as such, we rely, in part, on the accuracy and integrity of those third-parties to have reported
the results and correctly collected and interpreted the data from all clinical trials conducted to date. If published data turn out to
later be incorrect or incomplete, our business prospects and financial performance may be materially and adversely affected. 

28 

The
therapeutic efficacy of Ranpirnase and our other product candidates is unproven in humans, and we may not be able to successfully develop
and commercialize Ranpirnase or any of our other product candidates. 

Ranpirnase
and our other product candidates are novel compounds and their potential benefit as antiviral drugs or immunotherapies is unproven. Ranpirnase
and our other product candidates may not prove to be effective against the indications for which they are being designed to act and may
not demonstrate in clinical trials any or all of the pharmacological effects that have been observed in preclinical studies. As a result,
our clinical trial results may not be indicative of the results of future clinical trials. 

Ranpirnase
and our other product candidates may interact with human biological systems in unforeseen, ineffective or harmful ways. If Ranpirnase
or any of our other product candidates is associated with undesirable side effects or have characteristics that are unexpected, we may
need to abandon the development of such product candidate or limit development to certain uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable
side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Because of
these and other risks described herein that are inherent in the development of novel therapeutic agents, we may never successfully develop
or commercialize Ranpirnase or any of our other product candidates, in which case our business will be harmed. 

We
will need to grow the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 167 employees. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we must add a significant
number of additional managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial, and other personnel. Future growth will impose significant
added responsibilities on members of management, including: 

identifying,
 recruiting, integrating, maintaining, and motivating additional employees; 
 
 managing
 our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and FDA review process
 for our product candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors
 and other third parties; and 
 
 improving
 our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems, and procedures. 

Our
future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively
manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day
activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. This lack of long-term experience working
together may adversely impact our senior management team s ability to effectively manage our business and growth. 

We
currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors
and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent organizations, advisors
and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition,
if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants
is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing
consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all. If we are not able
to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be
able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may
not achieve our research, development, and commercialization goals. 

29 

We
may require additional capital to support our business, and this capital may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

We
intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges
and to grow our POCare cell therapy business and to further the development of ATMPs. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or
debt financings to secure additional funds. 

Capital
and credit market conditions, adverse events affecting our business or industry, the tightening of lending standards, rising interest
rates, negative actions by regulatory authorities or rating agencies, or other factors also could negatively impact our ability to obtain
future financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory
to us when we require it, our ability to support our business growth and respond to business challenges could be significantly limited.
In addition, the terms of any additional equity or debt issuances may adversely affect the value and price of our common stock, our results
of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

If
we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer
significant dilution, and any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our
common stock. Any financing secured by us in the future could include restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities
and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business
opportunities, including potential acquisitions. 

Our
operations may be adversely affected by ongoing developments in the Ukraine and Russia. 

In
December 2020, we signed an agreement with a company one of whose principal places of business is in Russia that include collaboration
in point of care development in Russia, as well as the development and commercialization of potential key technologies for our clinical
development and manufacturing projects. The United States, EU, UK, Canada and Japan have imposed sanctions against and export controls
involving Russia, and other potential retaliatory measures could be taken by the United States and other countries. At this time, we
cannot predict the outcome of developments in Russian and the Ukraine on these agreements. 

Currency
exchange fluctuations may impact the results of our operations. 

The
results of our operations are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates in both sourcing and selling locations. Our results
of operations may still be impacted by foreign currency exchange rates, primarily, the euro-to-U.S. dollar exchange rate. In recent years,
the euro-to-U.S. dollar exchange rate has been subject to substantial volatility which may continue, particularly in light of recent
political events regarding the European Union, or EU. Because we do not hedge against all of our foreign currency exposure, our business
will continue to be susceptible to foreign currency fluctuations. 

We
have entered into collaborations and joint ventures and may form or seek collaborations or strategic alliances or enter into additional
licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such alliances or licensing arrangements. 

We
have entered into collaborations and joint ventures and may form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations,
or enter into additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization
efforts with respect to our product candidates and any future product candidates that we may develop. Any of these relationships may
require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing
stockholders, or disrupt our management and business. In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners
for which the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic
partnership or other alternative arrangements for our product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of
development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view our product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate
safety and efficacy. Further, collaborations involving our product candidates, such as our collaborations with third-party research institutions,
are subject to numerous risks, which may include the following: 

collaborators
 have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply
 to a collaboration; 

30 

collaborators
 may not perform their obligations as expected; 
 
 collaborators
 may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not
 to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results,
 changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products, availability
 of funding, or other external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources
 or creates competing priorities; 
 
 collaborators
 may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical
 trial, abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new
 formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 
 
 collaborators
 could fail to make timely regulatory submissions for a product candidate; 
 
 collaborators
 may not comply with all applicable regulatory requirements or may fail to report safety data
 in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements; 
 
 collaborators
 could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly
 or indirectly with our products or product candidates; 
 
 product
 candidates developed in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive
 with their own product candidates or products, which may cause collaborators to cease to
 devote resources to the commercialization of our product candidates; 
 
 a
 collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit
 sufficient resources to their marketing and distribution; 
 
 collaborators
 may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual
 property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation
 that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information
 or expose us to potential liability; 
 
 disputes
 may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research,
 development or commercialization of our product candidates, or that result in costly litigation
 or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 
 
 collaborations
 may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue
 further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates; and 
 
 collaborators
 may own or co-own intellectual property covering our products that results from our collaborating
 with them and, in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to commercialize such
 intellectual property. 

As
a result, if we enter into collaboration agreements and strategic partnerships or license our products or businesses, we may not be able
to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company
culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business. The success of our existing and future collaboration
arrangements and strategic partnerships, which include research and development services by our collaborators to improve our intellectual
property, will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators and may not be successful. We also cannot be certain
that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction.
Any delays in entering into new collaborations or strategic partnership agreements related to our product candidates could delay the
development and commercialization of our product candidates in certain geographies for certain indications, which would harm our business
prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
success will depend on strategic collaborations with third parties to develop and commercialize therapeutic product candidates, and we
may not have control over a number of key elements relating to the development and commercialization of any such product candidate. 

A
key aspect of our strategy is to seek collaborations with partners, such as a large pharmaceutical organization, that are willing to
further develop and commercialize a selected product candidate. To date, we have entered into a number of collaborative arrangements
with cell therapy organizations. By entering into any such strategic collaborations, we may rely on our partner for financial resources
and for development, regulatory and commercialization expertise. Our partner may fail to develop or effectively commercialize our product
candidate because they: 

do
 not have sufficient resources or decide not to devote the necessary resources due to internal
 constraints such as limited cash or human resources; 
 
 decide
 to pursue a competitive potential product developed outside of the collaboration; 

31 

cannot
 obtain the necessary regulatory approvals; 
 
 determine
 that the market opportunity is not attractive; or 
 
 cannot
 manufacture or obtain the necessary materials in sufficient quantities from multiple sources
 or at a reasonable cost. 

We
may not be able to enter into additional collaborations on acceptable terms, if at all. We face competition in our search for partners
from other organizations worldwide, many of whom are larger and are able to offer more attractive deals in terms of financial commitments,
contribution of human resources, or development, manufacturing, regulatory or commercial expertise and support. If we are not successful
in attracting a partner and entering into a collaboration on acceptable terms, we may not be able to complete development of or commercialize
any product candidate. In such event, our ability to generate revenues and achieve or sustain profitability would be significantly hindered
and we may not be able to continue operations as proposed, requiring us to modify our business plan, curtail various aspects of our operations
or cease operations. 

Our
business has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and may be significantly adversely affected by a resurgence of the COVID-10 pandemic
or if other events out of our control disrupt our business or that of our third-party partners. 

A
continued and prolonged public health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material negative impact on our business, financial
condition and operating results. We have experienced and may in the future experience disruptions from a resurgence of COVID-19 to our
business in a number of ways, including: 

Delays
 in supply chain and manufacturing, including the suspension of cell transport, limitations on transfer of technology, shutdown of
 manufacturing facilities and delays in delivery of supplies and reagents; 

Delays
 in discovery and preclinical efforts; 

Changes
 to procedures or shut down, or reduction in capacity, of clinical trial sites due to limited availability of clinical trial staff,
 reduced number of inpatient intensive care unit beds for patients receiving cell therapies, diversion of healthcare resources away
 from clinical trials and other business considerations; 

Limited
 patient access, enrollment and participation due to travel restrictions and safety concerns, as well as housing and travel difficulties
 for out-of-town patients and relatives; and 

Changes
 in regulatory and other requirements for conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials during the pandemic. 

In
addition, we currently rely on third parties to, among other things, manufacture raw materials, manufacture our product candidates for
our clinical trials, ship investigation drugs and clinical trial samples, perform quality testing and supply other goods and services
to run our business. If any such third party in our supply chain for materials is adversely impacted by effects from a resurgence of
the COVID-19 pandemic, including staffing shortages, production slowdowns and disruptions in delivery systems, our supply chain may be
disrupted and our costs could be increased, limiting our ability to manufacture our product candidates for our clinical trials and planned
future clinical trials and conduct our research and development operations as planned. 

In
addition, our business could be significantly adversely affected by other business disruptions to us or our third-party partners or collaborators
that could seriously harm our potential future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our operations, and
those of our partners and collaborators, contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) and other contractors, consultants, and third parties
could be subject to other global pandemics, earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes,
typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for
which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and
financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our product candidates.
Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected
by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. 

32 

Our
success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies. 

Our
commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection and trade secret protection for our product
candidates, proprietary technologies, and their uses as well as our ability to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights
of others. We can provide no assurance that our patent applications or those of our licensors will result in additional patents being
issued or that issued patents will afford sufficient protection against competitors with similar technologies, nor can there be any assurance
that the patents issued will not be infringed, designed around or invalidated by third parties. Even issued patents may later be found
unenforceable or may be modified or revoked in proceedings instituted by third parties before various patent offices or in courts. The
degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain. Only limited protection may be available and may not adequately
protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. Composition-of-matter patents on the biological or chemical
active pharmaceutical ingredients are generally considered to offer the strongest protection of intellectual property and provide the
broadest scope of patent protection for pharmaceutical products, as such patents provide protection without regard to any method of use
or any method of manufacturing. While we have issued patents in the United States, we cannot be certain that the claims in our issued
patent will not be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 

We
cannot be certain that the claims in our issued United States methods of use patents will not be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 

We
cannot be certain that the pending applications covering among others the bioconjugates comprising sulfated polysaccharides; Ranpirnase
and other ribonucleases for treating viral diseases; therapeutic compositions comprising exosomes, bioxomes, and redoxomes; bioreactors
for cell culture, automated devices for supporting cell therapies, and point-of-care systems; immune cells, ribonucleases, or antibodies
for treating COVID-19; or chimeric antigen receptors (CARs); will be considered patentable by the United States Patent and Trademark
Office (USPTO), and courts in the United States or by the patent offices and courts in foreign countries, nor can we be certain that
the claims in our issued patents will not be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. Even if our patent applications covering these
inventions issue as patents, the patents protect specific products and may not be enforced against competitors making and marketing a
product that has the same activity. Method-of-use patents protect the use of a product for the specified method or for treatment of a
particular indication. These types of patents may not be enforced against competitors making and marketing a product that provides the
same activity but is used for a method not included in the patent. Moreover, even if competitors do not actively promote their product
for our targeted indications, physicians may prescribe these products off-label. Although off-label prescriptions may infringe
or contribute to the infringement of method-of-use patents, the practice is common and such infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute. 

The
patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our future
development partners will be successful in protecting our product candidates by obtaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties
include the following: 

the
 USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of
 procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process. There
 are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent
 application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction.
 In such an event, competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise
 have been the case; 
 
 patent
 applications may not result in any patents being issued; 
 
 patents
 that may be issued or in-licensed may be challenged, invalidated, modified, revoked, circumvented,
 found to be unenforceable or otherwise may not provide any competitive advantage; 
 
 our
 competitors, many of whom have substantially greater resources and many of whom have made
 significant investments in competing technologies, may seek or may have already obtained
 patents that will limit, interfere with or eliminate our ability to make, use, and sell our
 potential product candidates; 

33 

there
 may be significant pressure on the U.S. government and international governmental bodies
 to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States for disease
 treatments that prove successful, as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health
 concerns; and 
 
 countries
 other than the United States may have patent laws less favorable to patentees than those
 upheld by U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors a better opportunity to create, develop
 and market competing product candidates. 

In
addition, we rely on the protection of our trade secrets and proprietary know-how. Although we have taken steps to protect our trade
secrets and unpatented know-how, including entering into confidentiality agreements with third parties, and confidential information
and inventions agreements with employees, consultants and advisors, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been
duly executed, and third parties may still obtain this information or may come upon this or similar information independently. Additionally,
if the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating
its trade secrets. If any of these events occurs or if we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets or proprietary know-how, our
business may be harmed. 

Third
parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property
rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

Our
commercial success depends upon our ability and the ability of our collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product
candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property
and proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable patent and other intellectual property litigation in the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industries. We may become party to, or threatened with, adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual
property rights with respect to our technology and product candidates, including interference proceedings, post grant review, inter
partes review, and derivation proceedings before the USPTO and similar proceedings in foreign jurisdictions such as oppositions before
the European Patent Office. 

The
legal threshold for initiating litigation or contested proceedings is low, so that even lawsuits or proceedings with a low probability
of success might be initiated and require significant resources to defend. Litigation and contested proceedings can also be expensive
and time-consuming, and our adversaries in these proceedings may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to prosecuting
these legal actions than we can. The risks of being involved in such litigation and proceedings may increase if and as our product candidates
near commercialization. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted
in the future, regardless of merit. We may not be aware of all such intellectual property rights potentially relating to our technology
and product candidates and their uses, or we may incorrectly conclude that third party intellectual property is invalid or that our activities
and product candidates do not infringe such intellectual property. Thus, we do not know with certainty that our technology and product
candidates, or our development and commercialization thereof, do not and will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate any third
party s intellectual property. 

Third
parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents or patent
applications with claims to materials, formulations or methods, such as methods of manufacture or methods for treatment, related to the
discovery, use or manufacture of the product candidates that we may identify or related to our technologies. Because patent applications
can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that the product
candidates that we may identify may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies
infringes upon these patents. Moreover, as noted above, there may be existing patents that we are not aware of or that we have incorrectly
concluded are invalid or not infringed by our activities. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
cover, for example, the manufacturing process of the product candidates that we may identify, any molecules formed during the manufacturing
process or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such product candidate
unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire. 

34 

Generally,
conducting clinical trials and other development activities in the United States is not considered an act of infringement. If and when
products are approved by the FDA, that certain third party may then seek to enforce its patents by filing a patent infringement lawsuit
against us or our licensee(s). In such lawsuit, we or our licensees may incur substantial expenses defending our rights or our licensees 
rights to commercialize such product candidates, and in connection with such lawsuit and under certain circumstances, it is possible
that we or our licensees could be required to cease or delay the commercialization of a product candidate and/or be required to pay monetary
damages or other amounts, including royalties on the sales of such products. Moreover, any such lawsuit may also consume substantial
time and resources of our management team and board of directors. The threat or consequences of such a lawsuit may also result in royalty
and other monetary obligations being imposed on us, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Parties
making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop
and commercialize the product candidates that we may identify. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial
litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of
infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement,
pay royalties, redesign our infringing products or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require
substantial time and monetary expenditure. 

We
may choose to take a license or, if we are found to infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate a third party s intellectual
property rights, we could also be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing, manufacturing and marketing
our technology and product candidates. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or
at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access
to the same technologies licensed to us and could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. We could be forced,
including by court order, to cease developing, manufacturing and commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we
could be found liable for significant monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully
infringed a patent or other intellectual property right and could be forced to indemnify our customers or collaborators. A finding of
infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which
could materially harm our business. In addition, we may be forced to redesign our product candidates, seek new regulatory approvals and
indemnify third parties pursuant to contractual agreements. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade
secrets of third parties could have a similar material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 

If
product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization
of our product candidates. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater
risk if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or
are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may
include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence,
strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully
defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of
our product candidates. Even a successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits
or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased
 demand for our products; 
 
 injury
 to our reputation; 
 
 withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials; 
 
 initiation
 of investigations by regulators; 
 
 costs
 to defend the related litigation; 
 
 a
 diversion of management s time and our resources; 
 
 substantial
 monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 
 
 product
 recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

35 

loss
 of revenue; 
 
 exhaustion
 of any available insurance and our capital resources; 
 
 the
 inability to commercialize any product candidate; and 
 
 a
 decline in our share price. 

Because
most of our products have not reached commercial stage, we do not currently need to carry clinical trial or extensive product liability
insurance. In the future, our inability to obtain additional sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect
against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop, alone or with collaborators.
Such insurance policies may also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. 

It
may be difficult to enforce a U.S. judgment against us, our officers and directors and the foreign persons named in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K in the United States or in foreign countries, or to assert U.S. securities laws claims in foreign countries or serve process
on our officers and directors and these experts. 

While
we are incorporated in the State of Nevada, currently a majority of our directors and executive officers are not residents of the United
States, and the foreign persons named in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are located outside of the United States. The majority of our
assets are located outside the United States. Therefore, it may be difficult for an investor, or any other person or entity, to enforce
a U.S. court judgment based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us or any of these persons
in a U.S. or foreign court, or to effect service of process upon these persons in the United States. Additionally, it may be difficult
for an investor, or any other person or entity, to assert U.S. securities law claims in original actions instituted in foreign countries
in which we operate. Foreign courts may refuse to hear a claim based on a violation of U.S. securities laws on the grounds that foreign
countries are not necessary the most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. Even if a foreign court agrees to hear a claim,
it may determine that foreign law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of
applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly process. Certain matters of procedure will also
be governed by foreign countries law. There is little binding case law in foreign countries addressing the matters described above. 

We
may be subject to numerous and varying privacy and security laws, and our failure to comply could result in penalties and reputational
damage. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations covering data privacy and the protection of personal information, including health information. The
legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy
and data protection issues which may affect our business. In the U.S., numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state
security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the
collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information. Each of these laws is subject to varying interpretations by courts
and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could
be subject to penalties or sanctions, including criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain or disclose individually identifiable health
information from a covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HIPAA. 

Numerous
other countries have, or are developing, laws governing the collection, use and transmission of personal information as well. The EU
and other jurisdictions have adopted data protection laws and regulations, which impose significant compliance obligations. In the EU,
for example, effective May 25, 2018, the GDPR replaced the prior EU Data Protection Directive (95/46) that governed the processing of
personal data in the European Union. The GDPR imposes significant obligations on controllers and processors of personal data, including,
as compared to the prior directive, higher standards for obtaining consent from individuals to process their personal data, more robust
notification requirements to individuals about the processing of their personal data, a strengthened individual data rights regime, mandatory
data breach notifications, limitations on the retention of personal data and increased requirements pertaining to health data, and strict
rules and restrictions on the transfer of personal data outside of the EU, including to the U.S. The GDPR also imposes additional obligations
on, and required contractual provisions to be included in, contracts between companies subject to the GDPR and their third-party processors
that relate to the processing of personal data. The GDPR allows EU member states to make additional laws and regulations further limiting
the processing of genetic, biometric or health data. 

36 

Adoption
of the GDPR increased our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process and may require us to put in place
additional mechanisms to ensure compliance. Any failure to comply with the requirements of GDPR and applicable national data protection
laws of EU member states, could lead to regulatory enforcement actions and significant administrative and/or financial penalties against
us (fines of up to Euro 20,000,000 or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher),
and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

We
are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including cybersecurity and
data storage risks. 

Significant
disruptions to our information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business. In the ordinary
course of business, we collect, store and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner in order
to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. Our information technology systems are potentially vulnerable
to service interruptions and security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, partners, vendors, or from attacks
by malicious third parties. Maintaining the secrecy of this confidential, proprietary, and/or trade secret information is important to
our competitive business position. While we have taken steps to protect such information and invested in information technology, there
can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches in our systems or the unauthorized or inadvertent
wrongful access or disclosure of confidential information that could adversely affect our business operations or result in the loss,
dissemination, or misuse of critical or sensitive information. A breach of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent
disclosure, unapproved dissemination or misappropriation or misuse of trade secrets, proprietary information, or other confidential information,
whether as a result of theft, hacking, or other forms of deception, or for any other cause, could enable others to produce competing
products, use our proprietary technology and/or adversely affect our business position. Further, any such interruption, security breach,
loss or disclosure of confidential information could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us and could have
a material effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flow. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to develop in-house sales and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain
relationships with third-party collaborators to successfully commercialize any product in the United States or overseas, and as a result,
we may not be able to generate product revenue. 

A
variety of risks associated with operating our business internationally could materially adversely affect our business. We plan to seek
regulatory approval of our product candidates outside of the United States and, accordingly, we expect that we, and any potential collaborators
in those jurisdictions, will be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries, including: 

differing
 regulatory requirements in foreign countries, unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers,
 price and exchange controls, and other regulatory requirements; 
 
 economic
 weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and
 markets; 
 
 compliance
 with tax, employment, immigration, and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 
 foreign
 taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 
 
 foreign
 currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue,
 and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 
 
 difficulties
 staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 
 workforce
 uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 
 potential
 liability under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or comparable foreign laws; 
 
 challenges
 enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries
 that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United
 States; 
 
 production
 shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities
 abroad; and 
 
 business
 interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war, and terrorism or disease
 outbreaks (such as the recent outbreak of COVID-19, or the novel coronavirus). 

37 

These
and other risks associated with our planned international operations may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain
profitable operations. 

If
we are unable to integrate acquired businesses effectively, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

From
time to time, we seek to expand our business through acquisitions. We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses and,
where desired, their product portfolios into ours, and therefore we may not be able to realize the intended benefits. If we fail to successfully
integrate acquisitions or product portfolios, or if they fail to perform as we anticipate, our existing businesses and our revenue and
operating results could be adversely affected. If the due diligence of the operations of acquired businesses performed by us and by third
parties on our behalf is inadequate or flawed, or if we later discover unforeseen financial or business liabilities, acquired businesses
and their assets may not perform as expected. Additionally, acquisitions could result in difficulties assimilating acquired operations
and, where deemed desirable, transitioning overlapping products into a single product line and the diversion of capital and management s
attention away from other business issues and opportunities. The failure to integrate acquired businesses effectively may adversely impact
our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Our OMPULs 

We
may not be able to operate our OMPULs in all cities or desired locations and the sizes and use of our laboratories in such OMPULs may
be restricted due to zoning, environmental, medical waste, or other licensing regulations. 

We
may be subject to local zoning ordinances or other similar restrictions that may limit where the OMPULs can be located and the extent
of their size and use. In addition, international, federal, state and local environmental and other administrative and licensing regulations
could restrict the ability of the OMPULs to connect with local power, water, sewer, and other infrastructure. Our success depends on
our ability to develop and roll out our OMPULs which may become more difficult or more expensive by such applicable regulations. Changes
in any of these regulations could require us to close or move our OMPULs which would affect our ability to conduct and grow our business. 

If
our existing OMPULs facilities become damaged or inoperable or if we are required to vacate our existing facilities, our ability to perform
our tests and pursue our research and development efforts may be jeopardized. 

We
currently perform a majority of tests relating to our POCare Services out of our OMPULs. Our facilities and equipment could be harmed
or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including war, fire, earthquake, power loss, communications failure or terrorism,
which may render it difficult or impossible for us to operate for some period of time. In addition, since there is no lengthy history
of use of OMPULs and the OMPULs are still in the development stage, we are unable to predict the normal wear and tear on such OMPULs
or how many years each OMPUL will remain operational. 

The
inability to perform our tests or to reduce the backlog that could develop if our facilities are inoperable, for even a short period
of time, may result in the loss of customers or harm to our reputation, and we may be unable to regain those customers or repair our
reputation. Furthermore, our OMPUL facilities and the equipment we use to perform our research and development work could be unavailable
or costly and time-consuming to repair or replace. It would be difficult, time-consuming and expensive to rebuild our facilities, or
to locate and qualify new facilities. 

We
carry insurance for damage to our property and disruption of our business, but this insurance may not cover all of the risks associated
with damage or disruption to our facility and business, may not provide coverage in amounts sufficient to cover our potential losses
and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 

38 

Changes
in the price and availability of our raw materials could be detrimental to our OMPUL operations. 

Supply
chain issues, including limited supply of certain raw material or supply interruptions, delays or shortages of material may disrupt our
daily operations as the OMPULs may be unable to retain an inventory of materials required to maintain operations or to build or repair
OMPULs. 

We
are dependent on skilled human capital for our OMPULs. 

Our
ability to innovate and execute is dependent on the ability to hire, replace, and train skilled personnel. The employment market suffers
from shortage of candidates that may continue in future years and cause delays and inabilities to execute our plans. Additionally, based
on current trends in the US labor market, there could be a shortage of available trained staff for the OMPULs in the United States. Staff
retention could also be a significant operational issue. 

If
we are unable to successfully secure our locations and premises, we may be unable to operate out of our OMPULs or keep our employees
and laboratory equipment safe. 

In
certain cities and urban markets, homelessness, rising crime rates and decreased police funding, could impact the security of the OMPULs
and the safety of employees and patients. If we are unable to successfully secure our OMPULs, our research and development could be negatively
impacted. 

Our
OMPULs are operated in a heavily regulated industry, and changes in regulations or violations of regulations may, directly or indirectly,
reduce our revenue, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and harm our business. 

The
clinical laboratory testing industry is highly regulated, and there can be no assurance that the regulatory environment in which we operate
will not change significantly and adversely to us in the future. Areas of the regulatory environment that may affect our ability to conduct
our OMPUL business include, without limitation: 

federal
 and state laws governing laboratory testing, including CLIA, and state licensing laws; 
 
 federal
 and state laws and enforcement policies governing the development, use and distribution of
 diagnostic medical devices, including laboratory developed tests, or LDTs; 
 
 federal,
 state and local laws governing the handling and disposal of medical and hazardous waste; 
 
 federal
 and state Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules and regulations; and 
 
 European
 Union GMP approvals, which may be delayed because of the use OMPULs which could then delay
 manufacturing for clinical trials. 

Risks
Related to Our Trans-Differentiation Technologies for Diabetes and the THM License Agreement 

THM
is entitled to cancel the THM License Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the THM License Agreement with THM, Orgenesis Ltd, the Israeli Subsidiary, must develop, manufacture, sell and market
the products pursuant to the milestones and time schedule specified in the development plan. In the event the Israeli Subsidiary fails
to fulfill the terms of the development plan under the THM License Agreement, THM shall be entitled to terminate the THM License Agreement
by providing the Israeli Subsidiary with written notice of such a breach and if the Israeli Subsidiary does not cure such breach within
one year of receiving the notice. THM may also terminate the THM License Agreement if the Israeli Subsidiary breaches an obligation contained
in the THM License Agreement and does not cure it within 180 days of receiving notice of the breach. We also run the risk that THM may
attempt cancel or, at the very least challenge, the License Agreement with the Israeli Subsidiary as we continue to expand our focus
to other therapies and business activities. While we have not received any notice of cancellation of the THM License Agreement, we have
received an allegation regarding the scope of the rights by THM that may present future challenges for our Israeli Subsidiary to continue
to develop, manufacture, sell and market the products pursuant to the milestones and time schedule specified in the development plan
of the THM License Agreement. In addition, THM has filed a complaint against us in the Tel Aviv District Court relating to the scope
of such THM license and the royalties and other payments that THM is entitled to thereunder. See Legal Proceedings in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such complaint may lead to further risk of cancellation of the THM License Agreement. 

39 

The
Israeli Subsidiary is a licensed technology that demonstrates the capacity to induce a shift in the developmental fate of cells from
the liver and differentiating (converting) them into pancreatic beta cell-like insulin-producing cells for patients with
diabetes. Our intention is to develop our technology to the clinical stage for regeneration of functional insulin-producing cells, thus
enabling normal glucose regulated insulin secretion, via cell therapy. By using therapeutic agents that efficiently convert a sub-population
of liver cells into pancreatic islets phenotype and function, this approach allows the diabetic patient to be the donor of his/her own
therapeutic tissue and to start producing his/her own insulin in a glucose-responsive manner, thereby eliminating the need for insulin
injections. Because this is a new approach to treating diabetes, developing and commercializing our product candidates subjects us to
a number of challenges, including: 

obtaining
 regulatory approval regulatory authorities that have very limited experience with the commercial
 development of the trans-differentiating technology for diabetes; 
 
 developing
 and deploying consistent and reliable processes for engineering a patient s liver cells
 ex vivo and infusing the engineered cells back into the patient; 
 
 developing
 processes for the safe administration of these products, including long-term follow-up for
 all patients who receive our products; 
 
 sourcing
 clinical and, if approved, commercial supplies for the materials used to manufacture and
 process our products; 
 
 developing
 a manufacturing process and distribution network with a cost of goods that allows for an
 attractive return on investment; 
 
 establishing
 sales and marketing capabilities after obtaining any regulatory approval to gain market acceptance;
 and 
 
 maintaining
 a system of post marketing surveillance and risk assessment programs to identify adverse
 events that did not appear during the drug approval process. 

Risks
Related to Development and Regulatory Approval of Our Therapies and Product Candidates 

Research
and development of biopharmaceutical products is inherently risky. 

We
may not be successful in our efforts to use and enhance our technology platform to create a pipeline of product candidates and develop
commercially successful products. Furthermore, we may expend our limited resources on programs that do not yield a successful product
candidate and fail to capitalize on product candidates or diseases that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood
of success. If we fail to develop additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity will be limited. Even if we are successful
in continuing to build our pipeline, obtaining regulatory approvals and commercializing additional product candidates will require substantial
additional funding and are prone to the risks of failure inherent in medical product development. Investment in biopharmaceutical product
development involves significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or an acceptable
safety profile, gain regulatory approval, and become commercially viable. We cannot provide you any assurance that we will be able to
successfully advance any of these additional product candidates through the development process. Our research programs may initially
show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development or commercialization
for many reasons, including the following: 

our
 platform may not be successful in identifying additional product candidates; 
 
 we
 may not be able or willing to assemble sufficient resources to acquire or discover additional
 product candidates; 
 
 our
 product candidates may not succeed in preclinical or clinical testing; 
 
 a
 product candidate may on further study be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics
 that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory
 criteria; 
 
 competitors
 may develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive; 
 
 product
 candidates we develop may nevertheless be covered by third parties patents or other
 exclusive rights; 
 
 the
 market for a product candidate may change during our program so that the continued development
 of that product candidate is no longer reasonable; 
 
 a
 product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable
 cost, or at all; and 
 
 a
 product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community
 or third- party payers, if applicable. 

40 

If
any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, or we may not be able to identify,
discover, develop, or commercialize additional product candidates, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could
potentially cause us to cease operations. 

Extensive
industry regulation has had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on our business, especially our product development, manufacturing
and distribution capabilities. 

All
pharmaceutical companies are subject to extensive, complex, costly and evolving government regulation. For the U.S., this is principally
administered by the FDA and to a lesser extent by the Drug Enforcement Administration DEA and state government agencies,
as well as by varying regulatory agencies in foreign countries where products or product candidates are being manufactured and/or marketed.
The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the Controlled Substances Act and other federal statutes and regulations, and similar foreign
statutes and regulations, govern or influence the testing, manufacturing, packing, labeling, storing, record keeping, safety, approval,
advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of our future products. Under these regulations, we may become subject to periodic inspection
of our facilities, procedures and operations and/or the testing of our future products by the FDA, the DEA and other authorities, which
conduct periodic inspections to confirm that we are in compliance with all applicable regulations. In addition, the FDA and foreign regulatory
agencies conduct pre-approval and post-approval reviews and plant inspections to determine whether our systems and processes are in compliance
with current GMP and other regulations. Following such inspections, the FDA or other agency may issue observations, notices, citations
and/or warning letters that could cause us to modify certain activities identified during the inspection. FDA guidelines specify that
a warning letter is issued only for violations of regulatory significance for which the failure to adequately and promptly
achieve correction may be expected to result in an enforcement action. We may also be required to report adverse events associated with
our future products to FDA and other regulatory authorities. Unexpected or serious health or safety concerns would result in labeling
changes, recalls, market withdrawals or other regulatory actions. 

The
range of possible sanctions includes, among others, FDA issuance of adverse publicity, product recalls or seizures, fines, total or partial
suspension of production and/or distribution, suspension of the FDA s review of product applications, enforcement actions, injunctions,
and civil or criminal prosecution. Any such sanctions, if imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
financial condition and cash flows. Under certain circumstances, the FDA also has the authority to revoke previously granted drug approvals.
Similar sanctions as detailed above may be available to the FDA under a consent decree, depending upon the actual terms of such decree.
If internal compliance programs do not meet regulatory agency standards or if compliance is deemed deficient in any significant way,
it could materially harm our business. 

The
European Medicines Agency EMA will regulate our future products in Europe. Regulatory approval by the EMA will be subject
to the evaluation of data relating to the quality, efficacy and safety of our future products for its proposed use. The time taken to
obtain regulatory approval varies between countries. Different regulators may impose their own requirements and may refuse to grant,
or may require additional data before granting, an approval, notwithstanding that regulatory approval may have been granted by other
regulators. 

Regulatory
approval may be delayed, limited or denied for a number of reasons, including insufficient clinical data, the product not meeting safety
or efficacy requirements or any relevant manufacturing processes or facilities not meeting applicable requirements. 

Further
trials and other costly and time-consuming assessments of the product may be required to obtain or maintain regulatory approval. Medicinal
products are generally subject to lengthy and rigorous pre-clinical and clinical trials and other extensive, costly and time-consuming
procedures mandated by regulatory authorities. We may be required to conduct additional trials beyond those currently planned, which
could require significant time and expense. In addition, even after the technology approval, both in the U.S. and Europe, we will be
required to maintain post marketing surveillance of potential adverse and risk assessment programs to identify adverse events that did
not appear during the clinical studies and drug approval process. All of the foregoing could require an investment of significant time
and expense. 

41 

We
have generated limited revenue from therapeutic product sales, and our ability to generate any significant revenue from product sales
and become profitable depends significantly on our success in a number of factors. 

We
have a limited number of therapeutic products approved for commercial sale, and we have generated only limited revenue from product sales.
Our ability to generate revenue of more significant scale and achieve profitability depends significantly on our success in many factors,
including: 

completing
 research regarding, and nonclinical and clinical development of, our product candidates; 
 
 obtaining
 regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for product candidates for which we complete
 clinical studies; 
 
 developing
 a sustainable and scalable manufacturing process for our product candidates, including establishing
 and maintaining commercially viable supply relationships with third parties and establishing
 our own manufacturing capabilities and infrastructure; 
 
 launching
 and commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approvals and marketing
 authorizations, either directly or with a collaborator or distributor; 
 
 obtaining
 market acceptance of our product candidates as viable treatment options; 
 
 addressing
 any competing technological and market developments; 
 
 identifying,
 assessing, acquiring and/or developing new product candidates; 
 
 negotiating
 favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing, or other arrangements into which we may
 enter; 
 
 maintaining,
 protecting, and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents,
 trade secrets, and know-how; and 
 
 attracting,
 hiring, and retaining qualified personnel. 

Even
if more of the product candidates that we develop are approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated
with commercializing any approved product candidate. Our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration, or the FDA, or other regulatory agencies, domestic or foreign, to change our manufacturing processes or assays,
or to perform clinical, nonclinical, or other types of studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate. If we are successful
in obtaining regulatory approvals to market more of our product candidates, our revenue will be dependent, in part, upon the size of
the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval, the accepted price for the product, the ability to get reimbursement
at any price, and whether we own the commercial rights for that territory. If the number of our addressable disease patients is not as
significant as we estimate, the indication approved by regulatory authorities is narrower than we expect, or the reasonably accepted
population for treatment is narrowed by competition, physician choice or treatment guidelines, we may not generate significant revenue
from sales of such products, even if approved. If we are not able to generate revenue from the sale of any approved products, we may
never become profitable. 

When
we commence any clinical trials, we may not be able to conduct our trials on the timelines we expect. 

Clinical
testing is expensive, time consuming, and subject to uncertainty. We cannot guarantee that any clinical studies will be conducted as
planned or completed on schedule, if at all. We cannot be sure that we will be able to submit an IND, and we cannot be sure that submission
of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin. Moreover, even if these trials begin, issues may arise that could
suspend or terminate such clinical trials. A failure of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage of testing, and our future
clinical studies may not be successful. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: 

the
 inability to generate sufficient preclinical or other in vivo or in vitro data to support
 the initiation of clinical studies; 
 
 delays
 in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; 
 
 delays
 in establishing CMC (Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls) which is a cornerstone in clinical
 study submission and later on, the regulatory approval; 
 
 the
 FDA not allowing us to use the clinical trial data from a research institution to support
 an IND if we cannot demonstrate the comparability of our product candidates with the product
 candidate used by the relevant research institution in its clinical studies; 

42 

delays
 in obtaining required Institutional Review Board, or IRB, approval at each clinical study
 site; 
 
 imposition
 of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory agencies for a number of reasons,
 including after review of an IND application or amendment, or equivalent application or amendment; 
 
 a
 result of a new safety finding that presents unreasonable risk to clinical trial participants; 
 
 a
 negative finding from an inspection of our clinical study operations or study sites; 
 
 developments
 on trials conducted by competitors for related technology that raises FDA concerns about
 risk to patients of the technology broadly; 
 
 if
 the FDA finds that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its
 stated objectives; 
 
 delays
 in recruiting suitable patients to participate in our clinical studies; 
 
 difficulty
 collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 
 
 failure
 to perform in accordance with the FDA s current good clinical practices, or cGCPs,
 requirements, or applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; 
 
 delays
 in having patients complete participation in a study or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 
 patients
 dropping out of a study; 
 
 occurrence
 of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential
 benefits; 
 
 changes
 in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical
 protocols; 
 
 changes
 in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require
 new or additional trials; 
 
 the
 cost of clinical studies of our product candidates being greater than we anticipate; 
 
 clinical
 studies of our product candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result
 in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical studies or abandon
 product development programs; and 
 
 delays
 in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating, or importing/exporting sufficient stable
 quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical studies or the inability to do any
 of the foregoing. 

Any
inability to successfully complete preclinical and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability
to generate revenue. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we may be required to, or
we may elect to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical study delays could
also shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before
we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 

Our
clinical trial results may also not support approval, whether accelerated approval, conditional marketing authorizations, or regular
approval. The results of preclinical and clinical studies may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, and product
candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy despite having progressed through preclinical
studies and initial clinical trials. In addition, our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons,
including the following: 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation
 of our clinical trials; 
 
 the
 population studied in the clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative
 to assure safety in the full population for which we seek approval; 
 
 we
 may be unable to demonstrate that our product candidates risk-benefit ratios for their
 proposed indications are acceptable; 
 
 the
 results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 
 
 we
 may be unable to demonstrate that the clinical and other benefits of our product candidates
 outweigh their safety risks; 
 
 the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of
 data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

43 

the
 data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to the
 satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to obtain regulatory
 approval in the United States or elsewhere; 
 
 the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes,
 our own manufacturing facilities, or our third-party manufacturers facilities with
 which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 
 
 the
 approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
 may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

Further,
failure to obtain approval for any of the above reasons may be made more likely by the fact that the FDA and other regulatory authorities
have very limited experience with commercial development of our cell therapy for the treatment of Type 1 Diabetes. 

Our
product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could halt their clinical development, prevent their
regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential, or result in significant negative consequences. 

As
with most biological drug products, use of our product candidates could be associated with side effects or adverse events which can vary
in severity from minor reactions to death and in frequency from infrequent to prevalent. Any of these occurrences may materially and
adversely harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 

Our
product candidates are biologics, and the manufacture of our product candidates is complex, and we may encounter difficulties in production,
particularly with respect to process development or scaling-out of our manufacturing capabilities. 

If
we encounter such difficulties, our ability to provide supply of our product candidates for clinical trials or our products for patients,
if approved, could be delayed or stopped, or we may be unable to maintain a commercially viable cost structure. Our product candidates
are biologics and the process of manufacturing our products is complex, highly regulated and subject to multiple risks. As a result of
the complexities, the cost to manufacture biologics is generally higher than traditional small molecule chemical compounds, and the manufacturing
process is less reliable and is more difficult to reproduce. 

Our
manufacturing process will be susceptible to product loss or failure due to logistical issues associated with the collection of liver
cells, or starting material, from the patient, shipping such material to the manufacturing site, shipping the final product back to the
patient, and infusing the patient with the product, manufacturing issues associated with the differences in patient starting materials,
interruptions in the manufacturing process, contamination, equipment or reagent failure, improper installation or operation of equipment,
vendor or operator error, inconsistency in cell growth, failures in process testing and variability in product characteristics. Even
minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects, and other supply disruptions.
If for any reason we lose a patient s starting material or later-developed product at any point in the process, the manufacturing
process for that patient will need to be restarted and the resulting delay may adversely affect that patient s outcome. If microbial,
viral, or other contaminations are discovered in our product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities in which our product candidates
are made, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination.
Because our product candidates are manufactured for each particular patient, we will be required to maintain a chain of identity and
tractability of all reagents and viruses involved in the process with respect to materials as they move from the patient to the manufacturing
facility, through the manufacturing process, and back to the patient. Maintaining such a chain of identity is difficult and complex,
and failure to do so could result in adverse patient outcomes, loss of product, or regulatory action including withdrawal of our products
from the market. Further, as product candidates are developed through preclinical to late-stage clinical trials towards approval and
commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods, are altered along the
way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives,
and any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials
or other future clinical trials. 

44 

Although
we are working to develop commercially viable processes, doing so is a difficult and uncertain task, and there are risks associated with
scaling to the level required for advanced clinical trials or commercialization, including, among others, cost overruns, potential problems
with process scale-out, process reproducibility, stability issues, lot consistency, and timely availability of reagents or raw materials.
We may ultimately be unable to reduce the cost of goods for our product candidates to levels that will allow for an attractive return
on investment if and when those product candidates are commercialized. 

In
addition, the manufacturing process for any products that we may develop is subject to FDA and foreign regulatory authority approval
process, and we will need to contract with manufacturers who can meet all applicable FDA and foreign regulatory authority requirements
on an ongoing basis. If we are unable to reliably produce products to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities,
we may not obtain or maintain the approvals we need to commercialize such products. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of
our product candidates, there is no assurance that either we or our subsidiaries and joint ventures will be able to manufacture the approved
product to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements
for the potential launch of the product, or to meet potential future demand. Any of these challenges could delay completion of clinical
trials, require bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval
of our product candidate, impair commercialization efforts, increase our cost of goods, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

The
manufacture of biological drug products is complex and requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development
of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of biologic products often encounter difficulties in production,
particularly in scaling up or out, validating the production process, and assuring high reliability of the manufacturing process (including
the absence of contamination). These problems include logistics and shipping, difficulties with production costs and yields, quality
control, including stability of the product, product testing, operator error, availability of qualified personnel, as well as compliance
with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered in our supply of our product
candidates or in the manufacturing facilities, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to
investigate and remedy the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability failures or other issues relating to the manufacture
of our product candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties due
to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any
of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with their contractual obligations, our ability to provide our product candidate to
patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the
completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period
of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely. 

Cell-based
therapies rely on the availability of reagents, specialized equipment, and other specialty materials, which may not be available to us
on acceptable terms or at all. For some of these reagents, equipment, and materials, we rely or may rely on sole source vendors or a
limited number of vendors, which could impair our ability to manufacture and supply our products. 

Manufacturing
our product candidates will require many reagents and viruses, which are substances used in our manufacturing processes to bring about
chemical or biological reactions, and other specialty materials and equipment, some of which are manufactured or supplied by small companies
with limited resources and experience to support commercial biologics production. We currently depend on a limited number of vendors
for certain materials and equipment used in the manufacture of our product candidates. Some of these suppliers may not have the capacity
to support commercial products manufactured under GMP by biopharmaceutical firms or may otherwise be ill-equipped to support our needs.
We also do not have supply contracts with many of these suppliers and may not be able to obtain supply contracts with them on acceptable
terms or at all. Accordingly, we may experience delays in receiving key materials and equipment to support clinical or commercial manufacturing. 

For
some of these reagents, viruses, equipment, and materials, we rely and may in the future rely on sole source vendors or a limited number
of vendors. An inability to continue to source product from any of these suppliers, which could be due to regulatory actions or requirements
affecting the supplier, adverse financial or other strategic developments experienced by a supplier, labor disputes or shortages, unexpected
demands, or quality issues, could adversely affect our ability to satisfy demand for our product candidates, which could adversely and
materially affect our product sales and operating results or our ability to conduct clinical trials, either of which could significantly
harm our business. 

45 

As
we continue to develop and scale our manufacturing process, we expect that we will need to obtain rights to and supplies of certain materials
and equipment to be used as part of that process. We may not be able to obtain rights to such materials on commercially reasonable terms,
or at all, and if we are unable to alter our process in a commercially viable manner to avoid the use of such materials or find a suitable
substitute, it would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to further develop in-house sales and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain
relationships with third-party collaborators to successfully commercialize any product in the United States or overseas, and as a result,
we may not be able to generate product revenue. 

A
variety of risks associated with operating our business internationally could materially adversely affect our business. We plan to seek
regulatory approval of our product candidates outside of the United States and, accordingly, we expect that we, and any potential collaborators
in those jurisdictions, will be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries, including: 

differing
 regulatory requirements in foreign countries, unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers,
 price and exchange controls, and other regulatory requirements; 
 
 economic
 weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and
 markets; 
 
 compliance
 with tax, employment, immigration, and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 
 foreign
 taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 
 
 foreign
 currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue,
 and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 
 
 difficulties
 staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 
 workforce
 uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 
 potential
 liability under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or comparable foreign laws; 
 
 challenges
 enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries
 that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United
 States; 
 
 production
 shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities
 abroad; and 
 
 business
 interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism. 

These
and other risks associated with our planned international operations may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain
profitable operations. 

We
face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail
to compete effectively. 

The
biopharmaceutical industry, and the rapidly evolving market for developing cell-based therapies is characterized by intense competition
and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able to develop other compounds or drugs that are able to achieve similar or better results.
Our potential competitors include major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical
companies, universities, and other research institutions. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and
other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations as well as established
sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements
with large, established companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more
resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability
of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or with collaborative
partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective,
safer, more easily commercialized, or less costly than our product candidates or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent
protection that we may need for the development of our technologies and products. 

46 

We
are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining highly qualified personnel,
we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 

Our
ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract, motivate
and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. We are highly dependent on our senior management, particularly
our Chief Executive Officer, Vered Caplan. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers, other key employees, and other
scientific and medical advisors, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in delays in product development and harm
our business. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high, which may limit our ability to hire and
retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. 

To
induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided stock option grants that
vest over time. The value to employees of these equity grants that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock
price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Although
we have employment agreements with our key employees, most these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that
any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. We do not maintain key man insurance
policies on the lives of all of these individuals or the lives of any of our other employees. 

Risks
Related to the Metalmark Investment 

Morgenesis
may not receive the future payments pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement with MM OS Holdings, L.P. MM ), an affiliate
of Metalmark Capital Partners. 

The
Unit Purchase Agreement between us and MM (the UPA requires MM to make up to two additional payments to Morgenesis if
certain specified Net Revenue targets (as defined in the Unit Purchase Agreement) are satisfied by Morgenesis during each of years 2022
and 2023, as described in more detail below. For each of those fiscal years in which such specified Net Revenue targets are satisfied
by Morgenesis, MM will be obligated to pay an additional 10 million to Morgenesis shortly after the end of that fiscal year. 

If
(a) Morgenesis and its subsidiaries generate Net Revenue (as defined in the UPA) equal to or greater than 30,000,000 during the twelve
month period ending December 31, 2022 (the First Milestone and/or equal to or greater than 50,000,000 during the twelve
month period ending December 31 2023 (the Second Milestone ), and (b) our shareholders approve the LLC Agreement Terms (as
defined below under Principal Terms of the LLC Agreement on the earlier of (x) the date that is seven (7) months following
the initial closing date and (y) the date of our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders (such Orgenesis stockholder approval hereafter being
the Orgenesis Stockholder Approval and such Orgenesis Stockholder Approval deadline hereafter being the Stockholder
Approval Deadline ), in accordance with applicable law and in a manner that will ensure that MM is able to exercise its rights
under the LLC Agreement (as defined below) without any further action or approval by MM, then MM will pay up to 10,000,000 in cash in
exchange for 1,000,000 additional Class A Units if the First Milestone is achieved and 10,000,000 in cash in exchange for 1,000,000
Class B Units Preferred Units of Morgenesis (the Class B Units if the Second Milestone is achieved. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the First Milestone is not achieved, but Morgenesis and its subsidiaries generate Net Revenue equal or greater to 13,000,000
for the three months ending March 31, 2023, then MM shall make the first 10,000,000 future investment for 1,000,000 Class A Units described
above. In the event we fail to obtain Orgenesis Stockholder Approval by the Stockholder Approval Deadline, we will not be entitled to
receive (but MM may, in its sole discretion, elect to make) the first 10,000,000 future investment or the second future 10,000,000
investment. In addition, at any time until the consummation of a Company IPO or Change of Control of Morgenesis (in each case, as defined
in the LLC Agreement), MM may, in its sole discretion, elect to invest up to an additional 60,000,000 in Morgenesis (any such investment,
an Optional Investment in exchange for certain Class C Preferred Units of Morgenesis (the Class C Units 
and, together with the Class A Units and the Class B Units, the Preferred Units ). 10,000,000 of such Optional Investment
shall be to purchase Class C-1 Preferred Units based on an enterprise value of 125,000,000, with such enterprise value adjusted by any
net debt as of such time; 25,000,000 of Optional Investment shall be to purchase Class C-2 Preferred Units based on an enterprise value
of 156,250,000, with such enterprise value adjusted by any net debt as of such time; and 25,000,000 of Optional Investment shall be
to purchase Class C-3 Preferred Units based on an enterprise value of 250,000,000, with such enterprise value adjusted by any net debt
as of such time. Further, if, during the twelve month period ending on December 31, 2023, Morgenesis and its subsidiaries generate (i)
Net Revenue (as defined in the UPA) equal to or greater than 70,000,000, (ii) Gross Profit (as defined in the UPA) equal to or greater
than 35,000,000 and (iii) EBITDA (as defined in the UPA) equal to or greater than 10,000,000, then MM shall make (or cause to be made)
a one-time cash payment of 10,000,000 to the Company upon such payment becoming final and binding pursuant to the UPA (the Earnout
Payment ). 

47 

Accordingly,
if our stockholders do not approve the LLC Agreement Terms and do not meet the applicable Net Revenue, Gross Profit or EBITDA targets,
Morgenesis will not be eligible to receive the future payments from MM. Further, MM may choose not to make any of the Optional Investments.
In addition, under certain circumstances, MM will obtain the right to put to us (or, at our discretion, to Morgenesis if Morgenesis shall
then have the funds available to consummate the transaction) its shares in Morgenesis. 

MM
may force the sale of Morgenesis under certain conditions which may result in MM receiving a greater value than us and our shareholders. 

At
any time following the earliest to occur of (x) prior to the two year anniversary of the initial closing date under the UPA (the Initial
Two Year Period or a Material Governance Event (as defined in the LLC Agreement), if MM and we approve a sale of Morgenesis or
(y) (i) after the Initial Two Year Period or (ii) after the occurrence of a Material Governance Event, if MM or the Morgenesis Board
by Supermajority Vote (as defined in the LLC Agreement) approves a Sale of Morgenesis (an Approved Sale ), then, subject
to notice, MM or Morgenesis can require the members of Morgenesis to sell their units in Morgenesis (the Drag Along Rights to the purchaser in the Approved Sale. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we are entitled to advise Morgenesis and the Morgenesis Board of
our election to be a potential acquiror of Morgenesis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if MM falls below 50 of its initial holdings in
Morgenesis as specified above, then it is no longer entitled to exercise the Drag Along Right. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to
the three-year anniversary of the initial closing date (the Initial Three-Year Period ), MM and Morgenesis will not be entitled
to exercise the Drag Along Right unless the valuation of Morgenesis reflected in the sale is equal to or greater than 300,000,000. If
we breach our obligation to effectuate an Approved Sale or otherwise the failure of an Approved Sale to be consummated is primarily attributable
to our or our affiliates, then (i) the Morgenesis Board shall be appointed as follows: (a) one manager shall be appointed by us, (b)
the Industry Expert Manager shall be appointed by MM and (c) three Managers shall be appointed by MM and (ii) MM will have the option
to convert all of its Preferred Units into such number of Common Units (as defined below) that represents (on a post-conversion basis)
the Applicable Percentage (as defined in the LLC Agreement) of all of the outstanding Common Units (including any Common Units to be
issued to MM pursuant to this provision). 

While
we have the right of first refusal with respect to acquiring Morgenesis in its entirety, if MM elects to exercise such a right and if
we are not in the position to acquire Morgenesis, MM may cause the sale of Morgenesis to any third party on terms MM approves on an arm s
length basis pursuant to the Drag Along Right, subject to the conditions set forth above. If this occurs, we are contractually obligated
to approve such a sale and execute any documents as required by MM. Based on this, there may be a situation where MM approves a sale
that is more valuable or beneficial to MM than to our company and our shareholders, and we will not be able to prevent such a transaction.
A sale of Morgenesis would have impacts to our POCare Services business as conducted through Morgenesis and to our overall value as a
whole. 

MM
may, under certain circumstances, assume control of the Board of Managers of our subsidiary, Morgenesis, which would result in our inability
to control and direct the activities of such subsidiary. 

The
initial board of managers of Morgenesis (the Morgenesis Board is comprised of five (5) managers, three (3) of which were
appointed by us, of which one must be an industry expert and will require prior reasonable consultation with MM, and two (2) by MM. If
the equity holdings of each of us and MM fall below 25 of their initial holdings in Morgenesis as specified above, each will be entitled
to appoint one less manager. 

If
(i) at any time there is a Material Underperformance Event (as defined in the LLC Agreement), (ii) at any time there is a Material Governance
Event, (iii) Morgenesis does not pay in full the aggregate Redemption Price (as defined in the LLC Agreement) to redeem on any Redemption
Date (as defined in the LLC Agreement) all Preferred Units to be redeemed on such Redemption Date, (iv) Morgenesis or Orgenesis does
not pay in full the aggregate price of the Put Option (as defined in the LLC Agreement), or (v) Orgenesis breaches its obligation to
effectuate an Approved Sale (as defined below) or otherwise the failure of an Approved Sale to be consummated is primarily attributable
to us or our affiliates, then the Morgenesis Board shall be appointed as follows: (a) one manager shall be appointed by us, (b) the Industry
Expert Manager shall be appointed by MM and (c) three Managers shall be appointed by MM. 

48 

If
this were to occur, MM would control the Board of Directors of Morgenesis and will be entitled to direct its activities and approve any
transactions of Morgenesis, even if such transactions provide greater value to MM than they do to us and our shareholders. This lack
of control could significantly impact our POCare service activities as conducted through Morgenesis and to our overall value as a whole. 

MM
has the right to buy our units in Morgenesis upon the occurrence of certain events, which could result in us not holding any equity in
Morgenesis. 

Upon
the occurrence of either (i) a Material Governance Event or (ii) failure of our shareholders to approve the Specified Agreement Terms
(as defined in the LLC Agreement) by the Stockholder Approval Deadline, MM is entitled, at its option, to put to us (or, at our discretion,
to Morgenesis if we or Morgenesis shall then have the funds available to consummate the transaction) its units or, alternatively, purchase
from us its units (such purchase right, being the MM Call Option ). The purchase price for units of MM or us in Morgenesis
under either the put right or the MM Call Option shall be equal to the fair market value of such units as determined by a nationally
recognized independent accounting firm selected by MM in its sole discretion; provided, however, that in no event shall the Put Price
with respect to Preferred Units be less than 10.00 per Class A Preferred Unit plus the Class A PIK Yield (as defined below) (the Class
A Preferred Unit Original Issue Price ), 10.00 per Class B Preferred Unit plus the Class B PIK Yield (as defined below) (the Class
B Preferred Unit Original Issue Price or the applicable price per Class C Preferred Unit as set forth in the LLC Agreement (the
 Class C Preferred Unit Original Issue Price ), as applicable, to each Preferred Unit. In the event MM does exercise its
right following the occurrence of any such event, we shall cease to be an equity owner of Morgenesis and will no longer derive any benefits
from this subsidiary or its activities. This would also affect the POCare activities being conducted by us through Morgenesis and our
overall value as a whole. 

We
may be forced to redeem all of the units of Morgenesis held by MM, which could require substantial cash outlay and would adversely affect
our financial position. 

Each
holder of Preferred Units has the right to require Morgenesis to redeem its Preferred Units if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
Preferred Units deliver written notice to Morgenesis (the Redemption Request at any time after (i) the earlier of either
(x) November 4, 2027 and (y) the failure to obtain the Orgenesis Stockholder Approval of the LLC Agreement Terms by the Stockholder Approval
Deadline, and (ii) receipt by Morgenesis of an offer for a Change of Control from a third party purchaser that is not an affiliate of
any unitholder at a valuation of no less than 300,000,000 which Morgenesis has not accepted and completed (the Proposed Sale ).
In the event a Redemption Request is delivered at any time following November 4, 2027, the price per Preferred Unit at which Morgenesis
will redeem Preferred Units (the Redemption Price will be equal to the applicable Preferred Liquidation Preference Amount
(as defined in the LLC Agreement) determined as if a Deemed Liquidation Event (as defined in the LLC Agreement) had occurred on the date
the Redemption Request is delivered and as determined by a nationally recognized independent accounting firm selected by MM in its sole
discretion. In the event that a Redemption Request is delivered in connection with the failure to obtain the Orgenesis Stockholder Approval
of the LLC Agreement Terms by the Stockholder Approval Deadline, the Redemption Price will be equal to the applicable Preferred Liquidation
Preference Amount that would have been paid for each Preferred Unit (based on the applicable class of Preferred Unit) if the Proposed
Sale had been completed. 

Any
such redemption would require us to expend substantial cash resources and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position.
In addition, our cash reserves at the time of such redemption may be insufficient to satisfy such redemption, in which case we may not
be able to continue as a going concern if we are unable to support our operations or cannot otherwise raise the necessary funds to support
our operations. 

49 

If
MM opts to exchange its Morgenesis units for shares of our common stock, we could potentially issue up to 5,106,596 shares of our common
stock to MM, which may result in significant dilution to our existing stockholders. 

The
LLC Agreement provides that MM is entitled, at any time, to convert its units in Morgenesis for our common stock (such exchange option
being the Stock Exchange Option ). Under the Stock Exchange Option, MM is entitled, at any time prior to July 1, 2025, to
exchange its units in Morgenesis for our common stock (the MM Exchange Right ). The amount of shares of common stock to
be received by MM upon exercise of the MM Exchange Right shall be equal to (i) the fair market value of MM s units to be exchanged,
as determined by a nationally recognized independent accounting firm in the United States with experience in performing valuation services
selected by MM and us, divided by (ii) the average closing price per share of our common stock during the 30-day period ending on the
date on which MM provides an exchange notice to us (the Exchange Price provided, that in no event shall (A) the Exchange
Price be less than a price per share that would result in us having an enterprise value of less than 200,000,000 and (B) the maximum
number of shares of our common stock to be issued pursuant to the MM Exchange Right exceed 5,106,596 shares of our common stock. If MM
opts to exchange its Morgenesis units for shares of our common stock, we could potentially issue up to 5,106,596 shares of our common
stock to MM. The common stock issuable to MM upon exchange of the Morgenesis units for our common stock could have a depressive effect
on the market price of our common stock by increasing the number of shares of common stock outstanding and the proportionate voting power
of the existing stockholders may be significantly diluted. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

If
we issue additional shares in the future, it will result in the dilution of our existing stockholders. 

Our
articles of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 145,833,334 shares of our common stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share.
Our Board of Directors may choose to issue some or all of such shares to acquire one or more companies or products and to fund our overhead
and general operating requirements. The issuance of any such shares will reduce the book value per share and may contribute to a reduction
in the market price of the outstanding shares of our common stock. If we issue any such additional shares, such issuance will reduce
the proportionate ownership and voting power of all current stockholders. Further, such issuance may result in a change of control of
our company. 

Our
stock price and trading volume may be volatile, which could result in losses for our stockholders. 

The
equity trading markets have recently experienced high volatility resulting in highly variable and unpredictable pricing of equity securities.
If the turmoil in the equity trading markets continues, the market for our common stock could change in ways that may not be related
to our business, our industry or our operating performance and financial condition. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock
may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. Some of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result
in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our common stock include: 

actual
 or anticipated quarterly variations in our operating results; 
 
 changes
 in expectations as to our future financial performance or changes in financial estimates,
 if any; 
 
 announcements
 relating to our business; 
 
 conditions
 generally affecting the biotechnology industry; 
 
 the
 success of our operating strategy; and 
 
 the
 operating and stock performance of other comparable companies. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control, and we cannot predict their potential effects on the price of our common stock. In addition,
the stock market is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations. During the 52 weeks ended December 31, 2022, our stock price has
fluctuated from a low of 1.23 to a high of 3.74. This volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued
by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance and could have the same effect on our common stock. 

50 

No
assurance can be provided that a purchaser of our common stock will be able to resell their shares of common stock at or above the price
that they acquired those shares. We can provide no assurances that the market price of common stock will increase or that the market
price of common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on any investment in the shares of stock of our company. 

We
have never paid any cash dividends, and currently do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. The Board of Directors
has not directed the payment of any dividends and does not anticipate paying dividends on the shares for the foreseeable future and intends
to retain any future earnings to the extent necessary to develop and expand our business. Payment of cash dividends, if any, will depend,
among other factors, on our earnings, capital requirements, and the general operating and financial condition, and will be subject to
legal limitations on the payment of dividends out of paid-in capital. Because we do not intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment
in our company will need to come through an increase in the stock s price. This may never happen, and investors may lose all of
their investment in our company. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
do not own any real property. A description of the leased premises we utilize in several of our facilities is as follows: 

Entity 

Property
 Description 

Orgenesis
 Inc. 

Our
 principal office is located at 20271 Goldenrod Lane, Germantown, MD 20876. 

Orgenesis
 Maryland LLC. 
 
 FastForward
 laboratory and office located at 1812 Ashland Ave, Baltimore, Maryland 21205. 

Orgenesis
 Korea Co. Ltd 
 
 Operational
production laboratory and office area located at Gwanggyo business centre 156, Gwanggyo-ro, Yeongtong-gu, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, Republic
of Korea. 

Orgenesis
 Ltd. 
 
 Laboratory
 and office located in Nes Ziona, Israel 

Koligo
 Therapeutics Inc. 
 
 Production
 facility and development labs in New Albany, Indiana. 

Tissue
 Genesis International LLC 
 
 Production
 facility and development labs in Leander, Texas 

Orgenesis
 Biotech Israel Ltd. 
 
 Laboratories
 and offices located in the Bar Lev Industrial Park M.P. MISGAV, Israel. 

Mida
 Biotech BV 
 
 Laboratories
 and offices located in Leiden, The Netherlands 

Orgenesis
 Belgium and Orgenesis Services SRL 

Laboratories
and offices located near Namur, at Novalis Science Park, Belgium 

Theracell
 Laboratories 
 
 Laboratory
 and offices located Koropi, Greece 

51 

We
believe that our facilities are generally in good condition and suitable to carry on our business. We also believe that, if required,
suitable alternative or additional space will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On
January 18, 2022, a complaint (the Complaint was filed in the Tel Aviv District Court (the Court against
the Company, the Israeli Subsidiary, Orgenesis Ltd., Prof. Sarah Ferber, Vered Caplan and Dr. Efrat Assa Kunik (collectively, the defendants by plaintiffs the State of Israel, as the owner of Chaim Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer Sheba ), and Tel Hashomer
Medical Research, Infrastructure and Services Ltd. (collectively, the plaintiffs ). In the Complaint, the plaintiffs are
seeking that the Court issue a declaratory remedy whereby the defendants are required to pay royalties to the plaintiffs at the rate
of 7 of the sales and 24 of any and all revenues in consideration for sublicenses related to any product, service or process that contains
know-how and technology of Sheba and any and all know-how and technology either developed or supervised by Prof. Ferber in the field
of cell therapy, including in the category of the point-of-care platform and any and all services and products in relation to the defendants 
CDMO activity. In addition, the plaintiffs seek that the defendants provide financial statements and pay NIS 10 million to the plaintiffs
due to the royalty provisions of the license agreement, dated February 2, 2012, between the Israeli Subsidiary and Tel Hashomer Medical
Research, Infrastructure and Services Ltd. (the License Agreement ). The Complaint alleges that the Company and the Israeli
Subsidiary used know-how and technology of Sheba and know-how and technology either developed or supervised by Prof. Ferber while employed
by Sheba in the field of cell therapy, including in the category of the point-of-care platform and the services and products in relation
to the defendants CDMO activity and are entitled to the payment of certain royalties pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement.
The defendants have filed their statements of defense responding to this Complaint. The Company believes that the allegations in this
Complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself against the claims. Since a material loss is not considered probable,
no provision was made in the financial statements. 

Except
as described above, we are not involved in any pending material legal proceedings. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Since
March 13, 2018, our common stock has been listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq CM under the symbol
 ORGS. 

As
of March 22, 2023, there were 305 holders of record of our common stock, and the last reported sale price of our common stock on the
NasdaqCM on March 22, 2023 was 1.43. A significant number of shares of our common stock are held in either nominee name or street name
brokerage accounts, and consequently, we are unable to determine the total number of beneficial owners of our common stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

To
date, we have paid no dividends on our common stock and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain
all earnings to provide funds for the operations of our company. In the future, our Board of Directors will decide whether to declare
and pay dividends based upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors that our Board of Directors may
consider relevant. We are not under any contractual restriction as to present or future ability to pay dividends. 

52 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

As
previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K, on October 23, 2023, the Company and Ricky Neumann that were parties to the Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2022 (the SPA and the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2022
(the RRA ), entered into an Amendment, Consent and Waiver Agreement (the RRA Amendment ). Pursuant to the RRA
Amendment, the Company and Neumann agreed that Neumann shall (i) consent and agree to an extension of the date for filing the Registration
Statement to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the RRA) to April 3, 2023 and the effective date of such Registration
Statement as provided for in the RRA Amendment; and (ii) waive any potential damages or claims under the RRA with respect to the Company s
obligations under the RRA or SPA and release the Company therefrom. In consideration for such consent, agreement, waiver and release,
the Company agreed to issue an additional warrant to purchase 174,460 shares of Common Stock to Neumann (the Neumann Additional
PIPE Warrant and such Neumann Additional PIPE Warrant shall have an exercise price of 2.50 per share of Common Stock, be exercisable
beginning six months and one day after the Effective Date and end 36 months after the Effective Date and be in the same form as the original
Warrants issued pursuant to the SPA. In connection with such RRA Amendment, an aggregate of 41,042 additional Warrants identical to the
Neumann Additional PIPE Warrant were issued to the other investors under the SPA, who also agreed to become parties to the RRA Amendment.
Such additional Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Warrants have not been registered under the Securities
Act and shall be exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

On
May 14, 2020, our Board of Directors approved the stock repurchase plan (the Stock Repurchase Plan pursuant to which we
may, from time to time, purchase up to 10 million of our outstanding shares of common stock. The shares may be repurchased from time
to time in privately negotiated transactions or the open market, including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, and in accordance with
applicable regulations of the SEC. The timing and exact amount of any repurchases will depend on various factors including, general and
business market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, share price, alternative investment opportunities and other factors.
The Repurchase Plan commenced on May 29, 2020 and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares in any period, and may
be expanded, extended, modified, suspended or discontinued by the Board of Directors at any time. 

There
were no repurchases to the Stock Repurchase Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide information
necessary to understand our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and
highlight certain other information which, in the opinion of management, will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial
condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the discussion is intended to provide an analysis
of significant trends and material changes in our financial position and the operating results of our business during the year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

This
discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These historical financial statements may not be indicative
of our future performance. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains
numerous forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and
risks described throughout this filing, particularly in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Corporate
Overview 

We
are a global biotech company working to unlock the potential of CGTs in an affordable and accessible format. CGTs can be centered on
autologous (using the patient s own cells) or allogenic (using master banked donor cells) and are part of a class of medicines
referred to as advanced therapy medicinal products, or ATMPs. We are mostly focused on autologous therapies that can be manufactured
under processes and systems that are developed for each therapy using a closed and automated approach that is validated for compliant
production near the patient for treatment of the patient at the point of care, or POCare. This approach has the potential to overcome
the limitations of traditional commercial manufacturing methods that do not translate well to commercial production of advanced therapies
due to their cost prohibitive nature and complex logistics to deliver such treatments to patients (ultimately limiting the number of
patients that can have access to, or can afford, these therapies). 

To
achieve these goals, we have developed a collaborative worldwide network of research institutes and hospitals who are engaged in the
POCare model, or our POCare Network, and a pipeline of licensed POCare advanced therapies that can be processed and produced under such
closed and automated processes and systems, or POCare Therapies. We are developing our pipeline of advanced therapies and with the goal
of entering into out-licensing agreements for these therapies. 

53 

Following
the Metalmark Investment in November 2022, we separated our operations into two operating segments namely 1) Morgenesis and
2) Therapies. Prior to that, we conducted all of our operations as one single segment. The Morgenesis operations includes mainly POCare
Services, and include the results of the subsidiaries transferred to Morgenesis. The Therapies segment includes our therapeutic development
operations. The segment information presented in note 5 of item 8 reflects the results of the subsidiaries that were transferred to Morgenesis. 

Morgenesis
segment (mainly POCare Services) 

The
POCare Services that we and our affiliated entities perform include: 

Process
 development of therapies, process adaptation, and optimization inside the OMPULs, or OMPULization 
 
 Adaptation
 of automation and closed systems to serviced therapies; 
 
 Incorporation
 of the serviced therapies compliant with GMP in the OMPULs that we designed and built; 
 
 Tech
 transfers and training of local teams for the serviced therapies at the POCare Centers; 
 
 Processing
 and supply of the therapies and required supplies under GMP conditions within our POCare
 Network, including required quality control testing; and 
 
 Contract
 Research Organization services for clinical trials. 

The
POCare Services are performed in decentralized hubs that provide harmonized and standardized services to customers, or POCare Centers.
We are working to expand the number and scope of our POCare Centers. We believe that this provides an efficient and scalable pathway
for CGT therapies to reach patients rapidly at lowered costs. Our POCare Services are designed to allow rapid capacity expansion while
integrating new technologies to bring together patients, doctors and industry partners with a goal of achieving standardized, regulated
clinical development and production of therapies. 

Therapies
segment (POCare Therapies) 

While
the biotech industry struggles to determine the best way to lower cost of goods and enable CGTs to scale, the scientific community continues
to advance and push the development of such therapies to new heights. Clinicians and researchers are excited by all the new tools (new
generations of industrial viruses, big data analysis for genetic and molecular data) and technologies (CRISPR, mRNA, etc.) available
(often at a low cost) to perform advanced research in small labs. Most new therapies arise from academic institutes or small spinouts
from such institutes. Though such research efforts may manage to progress into a clinical stage, utilizing lab based or hospital-based
production solutions they lack the resources to continue the development of such drugs to market approval. 

Historically,
drug/therapeutic development has required investments of hundreds of millions of dollars to be successful. One significant cause for
the high cost is that each therapy often requires unique production facilities and technologies that must be subcontracted or built.
Further the cost of production during the clinical stage is extremely expensive, and the cost of the clinical trial itself is very high.
Given these financial restraints, researchers and institutes hope to out- license their therapeutic products to large biotech companies
or spin-out new companies and raise large fundraising rounds. However, in many cases they lack the resources and the capability to de-risk
their therapeutic candidates enough to be attractive for such fundings or partnership. 

Our
POCare Network is an alternative to the traditional pathway of drug development. Orgenesis works closely with many such institutes and
is in close contact with researchers in the field. The partnerships with leading hospitals and research institutes gives us
a deep insight as to the developments in the field, as well as the market potential, the regulatory landscape and optimal clinical pathway
to get these products to market. 

54 

The
ability to produce these products at low cost, allows for an expedited development process and the partnership with hospitals around
the globe enables joint grants and lower cost of clinical development. The POCare Therapies division reviews many therapies available
for out licensing and select the ones which they believe have the highest market potential, can benefit the most from a point of care
approach and have the highest chance of clinical success. It assesses such issues by utilizing its global POCare Network and its internal
knowhow accumulated over a decade of involvement in the field. 

The
goal of this in-licensing is to quickly adapt such therapies to a point-of- care approach through regional partnerships, and to out-license
the products for market approval in preferred geographical regions. This approach lowers overall development cost, through minimizing
pre-clinical development costs incurred by us, and through receiving of the additional funding from grants and/or payments by regional
partners. 

Significant
Developments During Fiscal 2022 

Financing
Activities 

Equity 

From
March to June 2022, we sold to certain investors pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2022, in a private
placement, an aggregate of 724,999 shares of our Common Stock at a purchase price of 3.00 per share and warrants to purchase up to an
aggregate of 146,959 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 4.50 per share. The warrants were not exercisable until after six
months and expire three years from the date of issuance. We received gross proceeds of 2,175,000 before deducting related offering expenses
through the final closing on June 30, 2022. 

Convertible
Loan Agreements 

During
April and May 2022, we entered into three convertible loan agreements (the Convertible Loan Agreements with three non-U.S.
investors (the Lenders ), pursuant to which the Lenders loaned us an aggregate of 9.15 million (the Loan Amount ).
Interest is calculated at 6 per annum (based on a 365-day year) and is payable, along with the principal, during or before the third
quarter of 2023. At any time prior to or on the maturity date, the Lenders may provide us with written notice to convert all or part
of the loans into shares of our Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 4.50 per share (subject to adjustment for certain capital
events, such as stock splits) (the Conversion Price ). In connection with such loans, we issued to the Lenders warrants
representing the right to purchase an aggregate of 408,335 shares of our Common Stock (which is 25 of the shares of our Common Stock
into which the loans are initially convertible at the Conversion Price), at an exercise price per share of 4.50 per share. Such warrants
are exercisable at any time beginning six months and one day after the closing date and ending 36 months after such closing date. 

During
October 2022, we entered into convertible loan extension agreements (the Convertible Loan Extension Agreements with two
of the Lenders, which amended their respective Convertible Loan Agreements in an aggregate 8,000,000 principal Loan Amount as follows:
(i) the interest rate increased from 6 to 10 per annum from the loan receipt date on the unconverted and then outstanding loan amount;
(ii) the maturity date was extended to repayment to the first quarter of 2024; (iii) we agreed to issue a warrant to the Lender for the
right to purchase an aggregate of 1,777,777 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price per share of 2.50 per share, which is exercisable
at any time beginning from April 2023 and ending October 2025; and (iv) the Conversion Price was amended to a price per share of 2.50
per share instead of 4.50 per share. 

In
addition, we repaid four loans in the principal amount of 2.3 million. 

Metalmark
Investment in Morgenesis LLC 

In
November 2022, we and MM OS Holdings, L.P. MM ), an affiliate of Metalmark Capital Partners Metalmark ),
entered into a series of definitive agreements intended to finance, strengthen and expand our POCare Services business. 

55 

Pursuant
to a unit purchase agreement (the UPA ), MM purchased 3,019,651 Class A Preferred Units of Morgenesis (the Class
A Units ), which represented 22.31 of the outstanding equity interests of Morgenesis following the initial closing, for a purchase
price of 30.2 million, comprised of (i) 20 million of cash consideration and (ii) the conversion of 10.2 million of MM s then-outstanding
senior secured convertible loans previously entered into with MM (collectively, the Consideration ). Under certain conditions
related to Morgenesis performance among others, MM has agreed to make future payments of up to 20 million in cash for additional
Class A (or Class B) Units, and/or make a one-time cash payment of 10 million to Orgenesis (the Earnout Payment ). 

Until
the consummation of a Company IPO or Change of Control of Morgenesis (in each case, as defined in the LLC Agreement), MM may, in its
sole discretion, elect to invest up to an additional 60 million in Morgenesis (any such investment, an Optional Investment in exchange for certain Class C Preferred Units of Morgenesis (the Class C Units and, together with the Class A Units and
the Class B Units, the Preferred Units ). 

The
proceeds of the investment will generally be used to fund the activities of Morgenesis and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

In
connection with the entry into of the UPA, we, Morgenesis and MM entered into the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement (the LLC Agreement providing for certain restrictions on the disposition of Morgenesis securities, the provisions
of certain options and rights with respect to the management and operations of Morgenesis, a right for MM to exchange any units of Morgenesis
for shares of Orgenesis common stock and certain other rights and obligations. In addition, MM was provided certain protective rights
in Morgenesis. 

Purchase
of Mida Biotech BV 

During
February 2022, pursuant to the joint venture agreement between ourselves and Mida Biotech BV Mida ), we purchased all the
issued shares in Mida for consideration of 100 thousand. In lieu of cash, the consideration was paid via the issuance of shares of our
Common Stock to Mida s shareholders. 

License,
Collaboration and Joint Venture Agreements 

License
and Research Agreement with Yeda Research and Development Company Limited 

During
January 2022, we and Yeda Research and Development Company Limited Yeda ), an Israeli company, entered into a license and
research agreement. Pursuant to the agreement, Yeda granted us an exclusive, worldwide royalty bearing license to creating licensed information
and the licensed patents, for the development, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sale and import of products in the field of tumor-infiltrating
lymphocytes (TIL) and Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell immunotherapy platforms (excluding CAR-Cytokine Induced Killer cell immunotherapy. 

In
addition, during 2022, we continued the development of license agreements previously entered into, as described more fully in notes 11
and 12 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

56 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021. 

Our
financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows in comparison to the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Revenues 
 34,741 
 31,646 
 
 Revenues
 from related party 
 1,284 
 3,856 
 
 Total
 revenues 
 36,025 
 35,502 
 
 Cost
 of revenues, development services and research and development expenses 
 27,066 
 36,644 
 
 Amortization
 of intangible assets 
 911 
 948 
 
 Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 
 15,589 
 14,710 
 
 Impairment
 expenses 
 1,061 
 - 
 
 Operating
 loss 
 8,602 
 16,800 
 
 Other
 income 
 (173 
 (2,278 
 
 Loss
 from extinguishment in connection with convertible loan (see note 7 a of Item 8) 
 52 
 1,865 
 
 Financial
 expense, net 
 1,971 
 1,292 
 
 Share
 in income of associated company 
 1,508 
 272 
 
 Loss
 before income taxes 
 11,960 
 17,951 
 
 Tax expense 
 209 
 108 
 
 Net
 loss 
 12,169 
 18,059 

Revenues 

The
following table shows our revenues by major revenue streams: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Revenue
 stream: 

POCare
 development services 
 14,894 
 32,192 
 
 Cell
 process development services and hospital services 
 11,212 
 3,310 
 
 POCare
 cell processing 
 9,919 
 - 
 
 Total 
 36,025 
 35,502 

Our
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 36,025 thousand, as compared to 35,502 thousand for the year ended December 31,
2021, representing an increase of 1 .The change in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December
31, 2021 was attributable to the following: 

A
 decline in POCare development services as a result of our having completed the majority of
 performance obligations under the POCare development services contracts in 2021. The next
 stage in our revenue model, following the completion of POCare development services is to
 enter into cell processing agreements with the relevant customers. 
 
 An
 increase in cell process development services and hospital services as a result of our having
 signed new process development services agreements with third party customers who retain
 the ownership of the intellectual property created through the process. 
 
 During
 the year ended December 31, 2022 we signed cell processing agreements with customers. In
 most cases, the cell processing agreements represent a new stage in our revenue model, following
 the completion of POCare development services contracts. 

A
breakdown of the revenues per customer that constituted at least 10 of revenues is as follows: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Revenue
 earned: 

Customer
 A (Greece) 
 8,936 
 4,693 
 
 Customer
 B (United States) 
 8,316 
 6,491 
 
 Customer
 C (United Arab Emirates) 
 5,271 
 6,969 
 
 Customer
 D (Korea) 
 3,873 
 7,703 

57 

Cost
of revenues, development services and research and development expenses 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Salaries
 and related expenses 
 11,206 
 10,977 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation 
 616 
 729 
 
 Subcontracting,
 professional and consulting services 
 5,655 
 12,796 
 
 Lab
 expenses 
 2,685 
 3,513 
 
 Depreciation
 expenses, net 
 1,017 
 874 
 
 Other
 research and development expenses 
 6,010 
 7,755 
 
 Less
 grant 
 (123 
 - 
 
 Total 
 27,066 
 36,644 

Cost
of revenues, development services and research and development for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 27,066 thousand, as compared
to 36,644 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 26 . In previous years, we made significant investments
in research and development services including in the development of several types of OMPULs, the development of automated processing
units and processes, owned and licensed advanced therapies to enable commercial production, and additional work that addresses POCare
needs. While we continue to invest in these activities, the majority of development work on our OMPULs has been completed thus allowing
us to deploy OMPULS in various worldwide locations. As a result of the reduction in development and research and development services
expenses, subcontracting, professional and consulting services, lab expenses and other research and development expenses declined by
40 . 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Salaries
 and related expenses 
 4,008 
 6,277 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation 
 362 
 945 
 
 Accounting
 and legal fees 
 5,527 
 3,293 
 
 Professional
 fees 
 3,080 
 1,107 
 
 Rent
 and related expenses 
 199 
 249 
 
 Business
 development 
 474 
 577 
 
 Depreciation
 expenses, net 
 50 
 42 
 
 Other
 general and administrative expenses 
 1,889 
 2,220 
 
 Total 
 15,589 
 14,710 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 15,589 thousand, as compared to 14,710 thousand for the
year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 6 .The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily attributable
to an increase in accounting and legal fees and professional services as a result of additional investment activities, particularly the
Metalmark Investment, in 2022 compared to 2021, offset by a decline in salaries and related expenses. In 2021 a discretionary bonus was
granted to our Chief Executive Officer, Vered Caplan, in the amount of 3.6 million. In 2022 no such bonus award was granted. 

Impairment
Expenses 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Impairment
 expenses 
 1,061 
 - 

58 

Impairment
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,061 thousand, as compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. These were
attributable to the write-off of customer relationships and IPR D intangible assets purchased in previous years. 

Financial
Expenses, net 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Interest
 expense on convertible loans and loans 
 1,824 
 943 
 
 Foreign
 exchange loss, net 
 145 
 574 
 
 Other
 income 
 2 
 (225 
 
 Total 
 1,971 
 1,292 

Financial
expenses, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,971 thousand, as compared to 1,292 thousand for the year ended December 31,
2021, representing an increase of 53 . The increase was mainly attributable to increased interest and related expenses on new and existing
convertible loans. 

Tax
expense 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Tax
 expense 
 209 
 108 
 
 Total 
 209 
 108 

Tax
expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 209 thousand, as compared to 108 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021,
representing an increase of 94 . The increase is mainly attributable to increased tax liabilities in the U.S. Effective for years beginning
after December 31, 2021, Internal Revenue Code Section 174 changed the tax treatment of research and experimentation (R E) expenditures.
While companies have historically deducted such costs for federal income tax purposes, these new rules require capitalization and prescribe
cost recovery over a period of five years for research and development paid or incurred in the United States and 15 years for R E
paid or incurred outside of the United States. 

Working
Capital 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Current
 assets 
 46,318 
 25,758 
 
 Current
 liabilities 
 15,910 
 15,365 
 
 Working
 capital 
 30,408 
 10,393 

Current
assets increased by 20,560 thousand between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, which was primarily attributable to an increase
in accounts receivable as a result of increased POCare revenues. 

Current
liabilities increased by 545 thousand between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, which was primarily attributable to the following:
(i) an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses as a result of expenses incurred towards the end of 2022 not yet paid for, offset
by a reduction in current maturities of convertible loans. 

59 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (12,169 
 (18,059 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (24,924 
 (26,866 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 (14,133 
 (12,384 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 39,578 
 (106 
 
 Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 521 
 (39,356 

During
year ended December 31, 2022, we funded our operations from operations as well as from proceeds raised from equity and debt offerings. 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 24,924 thousand, as compared to net cash used
in operating activities of approximately 26,866 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decline was mainly as a result of 

a
 loss of 12,169 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a loss of 18,059
 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021; 
 
 a
 decline of 763 thousand in stock-based compensation mainly as a result of a reduced share
 price; 
 
 an
 increase of 1,236 thousand in our share of losses in our associated companies (see note
 13); 
 
 impairment
 expenses of 1,061 thousand as a result of the write off of certain intangible assets; 
 
 an
 increase of 881 thousand in interest expenses accrued on convertible loans as a result of
 increased interest rates and new loan agreements entered into; 
 
 an
 increase in accounts receivable of 20,938 thousand as a result of an increase in POCare
 revenue; 
 
 a
 decline of 1,284 thousand in accounts payable and accrued expenses a result of reduced expenditures. 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 14,133 thousand, as compared to net cash used
in investing activities of approximately 12,384 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly as a result of
additional loans granted to associated companies in the amount of 4,131 thousand and additional purchases of property, plants and equipment
of 12,416 thousand used in our POCare facilities. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 39,578 thousand, as compared to net cash
used in financing activities of approximately 106 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly attributable
to: 

proceeds
 raised from equity investments in the amount of 2,181 thousand; 
 
 proceeds
 raised from loans in the amount of 19,150 thousand, offset by loan repayments in the amount
 of 2,300 thousand; 
 
 proceeds
 in the amount of 20,000 thousand from the Metal Mark investment. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources Outlook 

Through
December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 121,261 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and negative operating cashflows of 24,924
thousand in the year ended December 31, 2022. Our activities have been funded by generating revenue, through offerings of our securities,
and through the raising of loan finance. There is no assurance that our business will generate sustainable positive cash flows to fund
its business. 

If
there are further increases in operating costs for facilities expansion, research and development, commercial and clinical activity or
decreases in revenues from customers, we will need to use mitigating actions such as to seek additional financing, refinance or amend
the terms of existing convertible loans or postpone expenses that are not based on firm commitments. In addition, in order to fund our
operations until such time that we can generate sustainable positive cash flows, we will need to raise additional funds. For the year
ended December 31, 2022 and as of the date of this report, we assessed our financial condition and concluded that based on our current
and projected cash resources and commitments, as well as other factors mentioned above, there is a substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. We are planning to raise additional capital to continue our operations and to repay our outstanding loans
when they become due, as well as to explore additional avenues to increase revenues and reduce expenditures. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all. 

60 

Subsequent
to the year end, we and investors representing 12,250 thousand of the convertible loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 agreed to extend
the maturity of the loans to January 31, 2026, increase the annual interest rate to 10 effective February 1, 2023, increase the expiry
date of related warrants to January 31, 2026, and change the loan conversion price to 2.50. We also entered into new convertible loan
agreements pursuant to which the lenders loaned the Company 5,000 thousand. Interest on such convertible loans is calculated at 8 per
annum. The loan amount and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon shall either (i) be repaid in cash or (ii) convert into shares of
common stock at a conversion price of 2.464 per share on the maturity date (January 10, 2026). At any time prior to the maturity date,
the outstanding amount may be converted into shares of common stock at the conversion price. We used part of the loan proceeds to repay
an existing loan in the principal amount of 3,000 thousand. Finally, on February 23, 2023, we entered into a securities purchase agreement
with certain institutional and accredited investors relating to the issuance and sale of 1,947,368 shares of common stock and warrants
to purchase up to 973,684 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 1.90 per share of common Stock and accompanying warrants in
a registered direct offering. The warrants also have an alternate cashless exercise option (beginning on or after the earlier of (a)
the thirty-day anniversary of the date of the purchase agreement and (b) the date on which the aggregate composite trading volume of
our common stock exceeds 13,600,000 shares), to receive an aggregate number of shares equal to the product of (x) the aggregate number
of shares of our common stock that would be issuable upon a cash exercise and (y) 1.0. The offering closed on February 27, 2023 and we
received approximately 3.7 million, before deducting the placement agent s cash fee equal to 7 of the proceeds and offering expenses.
We intend to use the net proceeds from the offering and convertible loans raised for working capital and general corporate purposes,
including our therapy related activities. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
is material to stockholders. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We believe that the accounting policies below are critical for one to fully understand and
evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. 

Income
Taxes 

Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities
that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which
the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets
to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during
the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

In
addition, our management performs an evaluation of all uncertain income tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of
preparing our income tax returns to determine whether the income tax positions meet a more likely than not standard of
being sustained under examination by the applicable taxing authorities. This evaluation is required to be performed for all open tax
years, as defined by the various statutes of limitations, for federal and state purposes. 

61 

Revenue
from Contracts with Customers 

Our
agreements are primarily service contracts that range in duration. We recognize revenue when control of these services is transferred
to the customer for an amount, referred to as the transaction price, which reflects the consideration to which we are expected to be
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 

A
contract with a customer exists only when: 

the
 parties to the contract have approved it and are committed to perform their respective obligations; 
 
 we
 can identify each party s rights regarding the distinct goods or services to be transferred
 performance obligations 
 
 we
 can determine the transaction price for the goods or services to be transferred; and 
 
 the
 contract has commercial substance, and it is probable that we will collect the consideration
 to which it will be entitled in exchange for the goods or services that will be transferred
 to the customer. 

Nature
of Revenue Streams 

We
have three main revenue streams, which are POCare development services, cell process development services, including hospital supplies,
and POCare cell processing. 

POCare
Development Services 

Revenue
recognized under contracts for POCare development services may, in some contracts, represent multiple performance obligations (where
promises to the customers are distinct) in circumstances in which the work packages are not interrelated
or the customer is able to complete the services performed. 

For
arrangements that include multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to the identified performance obligations
based on their relative standalone selling prices. 

We
recognize revenue when, or as, it satisfies a performance obligation. At contract inception, we determine whether the services are transferred
over time or at a point in time. Performance obligations that have no alternative use and that we have the right to payment for performance
completed to date, at all times during the contract term, are recognized over time. All other Performance obligations are recognized
as revenues by us at point of time (upon completion) . 

Significant
Judgement and Estimates 

Significant
judgment is required to identifying the distinct performance
obligations and estimating the standalone selling price of each distinct performance obligation and identifying which performance obligations
create assets with alternative use to us, which results in revenue recognized upon completion, and which performance obligations are
transferred to the customer over time. 

Cell
Process Development Services 

Revenue
recognized under contracts for cell process development services may, in some contracts, represent multiple performance obligations (where
promises to the customers are distinct) in circumstances in which the work packages and milestones
are not interrelated or the customer is able to complete the services performed independently or by using our competitors. In other contracts
when the above circumstances are not met, the promises are not considered distinct, and the contract represents one performance obligation.
 All performance obligations are satisfied over time, as there is no alternative use to the services it performs, since, in nature,
those services are unique to the customer, which retain the ownership of the intellectual property created through the process. 

For
arrangements that include multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to the identified performance obligations
based on their relative standalone selling prices. For these contracts, the standalone selling prices are based on our normal pricing
practices when sold separately with consideration of market conditions and other factors, including customer demographics and geographic
location. 

62 

We
measure the revenue to be recognized over time on a contract-by-contract basis, determining the use of either
a cost-based input method or output method, depending on whichever best depicts the transfer of control over the life of the performance
obligation. 

Included
in Cell Process Development Services is hospital supplies revenue which is derived principally from the sale or lease of products and
the performance of services to hospitals or other medical providers. Revenue is earned and recognized when product and services are received
by the customer. 

Revenue
from POCare Cell processing 

Revenues
from POCare Cell processing represent performance obligations
which are recognized either over, or at a point of time. The progress towards completion will continue to be measured on an output measure
based on direct measurement of the value transferred to the customer (units produced). 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information called for by Item 8 is included following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act and regulations promulgated thereunder) as of December
31, 2022 , or the Evaluation Date. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer ,
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management
and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of our company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer ,
evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this evaluation, our
management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

63 

Based
on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 based
on those criteria. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial
reporting because we are a smaller reporting company and non-accelerated filer. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31,
2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our each of our current Directors and Executive Officers as of March 22, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Vered
 Caplan 
 
 54 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board of Directors 
 
 Neil
 Reithinger 
 Efrat
 Assa Kunik 
 
 53 
 48 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 
 Chief
 Development Officer 
 
 David
 Sidransky (1) (2) (4) 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 Guy
 Yachin (1) (2) (3) (4) 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Yaron
 Adler (2) (3) 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Ashish
 Nanda (3) 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Mario
 Philips (1) 

53 
 
 Director 

(1) 
 A
 member on the audit committee. 
 
 (2) 
 A
 member on the compensation committee. 
 
 (3) 
 A
 member on the nominating and corporate governance committee. 
 
 (4) 
 A
 member of the research and development committee. 

Our
Executive Officers 

Vered
Caplan Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board of Directors 

Ms.
Caplan has served as our CEO and Chairperson of the Board of Directors since August 14, 2014, prior to which she served as Interim President
and CEO commencing on December 23, 2013. She joined our Board of Directors in February 2012. She has 26 years
of industry experience, previously holding positions as CEO of Kamedis Ltd. from 2009 to
2014 , CEO of GammaCan International Inc. from 2004 to 2007. She also served as a director of the following companies: Opticul
Ltd., Inmotion Ltd., Nehora Photonics Ltd., Ocure Ltd., Eve Medical Ltd., and Biotech Investment Corp. Ms. Caplan holds a M.Sc. in biomedical
engineering from Tel Aviv University specializing in signal processing; management for engineers from Tel Aviv University specializing
in business development; and a B.Sc. in mechanical engineering from the Technion Israel Institute of Technology specialized in
software and cad systems. 

64 

Neil
Reithinger Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

Mr.
Reithinger was appointed Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer on August 1, 2014. Mr. Reithinger is the Founder and President
of Eventus Advisory Group, LLC, a private, CFO-services firm incorporated in Delaware, which specializes in capital advisory and SEC
compliance for publicly-traded and emerging growth companies. He is also the President of Eventus Consulting, P.C. Prior to forming Eventus,
Mr. Reithinger was Chief Operating Officer CFO from March 2009 to December 2009 of New Leaf Brands, Inc., a branded beverage company,
CEO of Nutritional Specialties, Inc. from April 2007 to October 2009, a nationally distributed nutritional supplement company that was
acquired by Nutraceutical International, Inc., Chairman, CEO, President and director of Baywood International, Inc. from January 1998
to March 2009, a publicly-traded nutraceutical company and Controller of Baywood International, Inc. from December 1994 to January 1998.
Mr. Reithinger earned a B.S. in Accounting from the University of Arizona and is a Certified Public Accountant. He is a Member of the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Arizona Society of Certified Public Accountants. 

Efrat
Assa-Kunik Chief Development Officer 

Dr.
Assa-Kunik was appointed as our Chief Development Officer in December 2021. Dr. Assa-Kunik joined the Company in September 2016 as Head
of Pre-Clinical Development. In August 2017, she was appointed General Manager of the Israeli subsidiary. Dr Assa-Kunik earned her PhD
at the Weizmann Institute of Science in the fields of genetics and developmental biology and a Masters from the Ben-Gurion University
in immunology and cancer research. Additionally, Dr Assa-Kunik was a postdoctoral fellow at the Weizmann Institute in the department
of neural biology. After completing her postdoc, Dr. Assa-Kunik joined BioGenCell as a Senior Scientist. In 2012, she joined Pharmaseed
as the director of the Business Development Unit, VP business development and manager of the business development activity in USA. 

Our
Directors 

Dr.
David Sidransky Director 

Dr.
Sidransky has served as a director since his appointment on July 18, 2013. Dr. Sidransky is a renowned oncologist and research scientist
named and profiled by TIME magazine in 2001 as one of the top physicians and scientists in America, recognized for his work with early
detection of cancer. Since 1994, Dr. Sidransky has been the Director of the Head and Neck Cancer Research Division at Johns Hopkins University
School of Medicine s Department of Otolaryngology and Professor of Oncology, Cellular Molecular Medicine, Urology, Genetics,
and Pathology at the John Hopkins University School of Medicine. Dr. Sidransky is one of the most highly cited researchers in clinical
and medical journals in the world in the field of oncology during the past decade, with over 600 peer reviewed publications. Dr. Sidransky
is a founder of a number of biotechnology companies and holds numerous biotechnology patents. Dr. Sidransky has served as Vice Chairman
of the board of directors, and was, until the merger with Eli Lilly, a director of ImClone Systems, Inc., a global biopharmaceutical
company committed to advancing oncology care. He is currently on the board of Directors of Ascentage Pharma, Galmed and Champions Oncology.
and chairs the board of directors of Advaxis and Ayala. Dr. Sidransky served as Director from 2005 until 2008 of the American Association
for Cancer Research (AACR). He was the chairperson of AACR International Conferences during the years 2006 and 2007 on Molecular Diagnostics
in Cancer Therapeutic Development: Maximizing Opportunities for Personalized Treatment. Dr. Sidransky is the recipient of a number of
awards and honors, including the 1997 Sarstedt International Prize from the German Society of Clinical Chemistry, the 1998 Alton Ochsner
Award Relating Smoking and Health by the American College of Chest Physicians, and the 2004 Richard and Hinda Rosenthal Award from the
American Association of Cancer Research. Dr. Sidransky received his BS in Chemistry from Brandies University and his medical degree from
Baylor College of medicine where he also completed his residency in internal medicine. His specialty in Medical Oncology was completed
at Johns Hopkins University and Hospital. 

65 

We
believe Dr. Sidransky is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, medical background, experience within
the life science industry and his business acumen in the public markets. 

Guy
Yachin Director 

Mr.
Yachin has served as a director since his appointment on April 2, 2012. Mr. Yachin serves, since November 2020, as the executive chairman
of Xerient Pharma which develops a drug for the treatment of abdominal cancers. He served as the President and CEO of Serpin Pharma,
a clinical stage Virginia-based company focused on the development of anti-inflammatory drugs, from April 2013 until October 2020. Prior
to that, Mr. Yachin was the CEO of NasVax Ltd., a company focused on the development of improved immunotherapeutics and vaccines. Prior
to joining NasVax, Mr. Yachin served as CEO of MultiGene Vascular Systems Ltd (a.k.a. Vessl), a cell therapy company focused on blood
vessels disorders, leading the company through clinical studies in the U.S. and Israel, financial rounds, and a keystone strategic agreement
with Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd. He was CEO and founder of Chiasma Inc., a biotechnology company focused on the oral delivery
of macromolecule drugs, where he built the company s presence in Israel and the U.S., concluded numerous financial rounds, and
guided the company s strategy and operation for over six years. Earlier, he was CEO of Naiot Technological Center Ltd., and provided
seed funding and guidance to more than a dozen biomedical startups such as Remon Medical Technologies Ltd., Enzymotec Ltd. and NanoPass
Technologies Ltd. He holds a BSc. in Industrial Engineering and Management and an MBA from the Technion Israel Institute of Technology. 

We
believe Mr. Yachin is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, experience within the life science industry
and his business acumen in the public markets. 

Yaron
Adler Director 

Mr.
Adler has served as a director since his appointment on April 17, 2012. Mr. Adler is the co-founder of a startup incubator, We Group
Ltd. In 1999, Mr. Adler co-founded IncrediMail Ltd. and served as its CEO until 2008 and President until 2009. After IncrediMail, Mr.
Adler consulted Israeli startup companies regarding Internet products, services and technologies. Mr. Adler served as a product manager
from 1997 to 1999, and as a software engineer from 1994 to 1997, at Tecnomatix Technologies Ltd., a software company that develops and
markets production engineering solutions to complex automated manufacturing lines that fill the gap between product design and production,
and which was acquired by UGS Corp. in April 2005. In 1993, Mr. Adler held a software engineer position at Intel Israel Ltd. He has a
B.A. in computer sciences and economics from Tel Aviv University. 

We
believe Mr. Adler is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, success with early-stage enterprises and
his business acumen in the public markets. 

Ashish
Nanda Director 

Mr.
Nanda has served as a director since his appointment on February 22, 2017. Since 1998, Mr. Nanda has been the Managing Director of Innovations
Group, one of the largest outsourcing companies in the financial sector that employs close to 14,000 people working across various financial
sectors. Since 1992, Mr. Nanda has served as the Managing Partner of Capstone Insurance Brokers LLC and, since 2009, has served as Managing
Partner of Dive Tech Marine Engineering Services L.L.C. From 1991 to 1994, Mr. Nanda held the position of Asst. Manager Corporate Banking
at Emirates Banking Group where he was involved in establishing relationships with business houses owned by UAE nationals and expatriates
in order to set up banking limits and also where he managed portfolios of USD 26 billion. Mr. Nanda holds a Chartered Accountancy from
the Institute of Chartered Accountants from India. 

We
believe that Mr. Nanda is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his business experience and strategic understanding
of advancing the valuation of companies in emerging industries. 

There
are no family relationships between any of the above executive officers or directors or any other person nominated or chosen to become
an executive officer or a director. Pursuant to an agreement entered into between us and Image Securities fzc. Image ),
for so long as Image s ownership of our company is 10 or greater, it was granted
the right to nominate a director to our Board of Directors. Mr. Nanda was nominated for a directorship at the 2017 annual meeting in
compliance with our contractual undertakings. 

66 

Mario
Philips Director 

Mr.
Philips has served as a director since his appointment on January 9, 2020. Since November 2020, Mr. Philips has been Chief Executive
Officer of Polyplus, a leading Biotech supplier of transfection reagents for cell gene therapy as well as the research life sciences
market. He is also chairmen of the Board of PLL Therapeutics, a drug company based in France that has developed a diagnostic platform
technology for neurodegenerative diseases in combination with a therapy to cure neurodegenerative diseases such as ALS and Parkinson s. 

Prior
to that, Mr. Philips acted as VP/GM for Danaher Pall Biotech business with full P L responsibility for a 1.3 billion business unit.
Mr. Philips joined Pall in February 2014, as part of the Pall acquisition of ATMI Life Sciences, and was appointed to Vice President
and General Manager to lead the Single-Use Technologies BU. In this role he was responsible for leading and executing an aggressive investment
and growth strategy. 

Mr.
Philips joined ATMI in 1999 with ATMI s acquisition of MST Analytics, Inc., serving as European Sales Manager for ATMI Analytical
Systems. In 2004, he was appointed to General Manager of ATMI Packaging, a role he held through 2010 when he was promoted to the position
of Senior Vice President and General Manager, ATMI Life Sciences. In that role, he was responsible for developing and executing all business
strategies, including the introduction of new products and service solutions for the Life Sciences industry. A strong leading innovative
IP portfolio was created, Pall acquired the business in 2014. 

Mr.
Philips also held in the past several board member positions in the life sciences industry with Clean Biologics, Austar Life Sciences
(China), Disposable Lab (France) and Artelis (Belgium). 

We
believe that Mr. Philips is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his business experience and strategic understanding
of advancing the valuation of companies in emerging industries. 

Board
of Directors 

Our
Board of Directors currently consists of six (6) members. All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders. At
each annual meeting of stockholders, the successors to directors whose terms then expire are elected to serve from the time of election
and qualification until the next annual meeting following election. 

Management
has been delegated the responsibility for meeting defined corporate objectives, implementing approved strategic and operating plans,
carrying on our business in the ordinary course, managing cash flow, evaluating new business opportunities, recruiting staff and complying
with applicable regulatory requirements. The Board of Directors exercises its supervision over management by reviewing and approving
long-term strategic, business and capital plans, material contracts and business transactions, and all debt and equity financing transactions
and stock issuances. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors is comprised of a majority of independent directors. In determining director independence, we use the definition of
independence in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

The
Board has concluded that each of Dr. Sidransky, and Messrs. Yachin, Adler, Philips and Nanda is independent based on the
listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market, having concluded that any relationship between such director and our company, in its opinion,
does not interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

67 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
with each comprised of independent directors in accordance with the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market and applicable federal securities
laws and regulations. The members of the Audit Committee are Dr. Sidransky and Messrs. Yachin and Philips. The members of the Compensation
Committee are Dr. Sidransky and Messrs. Adler and Yachin. The members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Messrs.
Nanda, Adler and Yachin. The members of the Research and Development Committee are Mr. Yachin and Dr. Sidransky. We have also established
a Research and Development Committee. 

Each
committee operates under a written charter that has been approved by our Board of Directors. Copies of our committee charters are available
on the investor relations section of our website, which is located at http://www.orgenesis.com. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee (a) assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight of: (i) the quality and integrity of our financial statements 
(ii) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements relating to our financial statements and related disclosures (iii) the
qualifications and independence of our independent auditors and (iv) the performance of our independent auditors and (b)
prepares any reports that the rules of the SEC require be included in our proxy statement for our annual meeting. 

The
Audit Committee held 5 meetings in 2022. In addition, the Audit Committee reviewed and approved various corporate items by way of written
consent during the year 2022. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is an independent director in accordance
with the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market and applicable federal securities laws and regulations. In addition, the Board has determined
that Dr. Sidransky is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and has
designated him to fill that role. See Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors above for
descriptions of the relevant education and experience of each member of the Audit Committee. 

At
no time since the commencement of our most recently completed fiscal year was a recommendation of the Audit Committee to nominate or
compensate an external auditor not adopted by the Board of Directors. 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for the oversight of our financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors and such other
matters as specified in the Audit Committee s charter or as directed by the Board of Directors. Our Audit Committee is directly
responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of any registered public accounting firm engaged by
us for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attest services for us (or to nominate
the independent registered public accounting firm for stockholder approval), and each such registered public accounting firm must report
directly to the Audit Committee. Our Audit Committee must approve in advance all audit, review and attest services and all non-audit
services (including, in each case, the engagement and terms thereof) to be performed by our independent auditors, in accordance with
applicable laws, rules and regulations. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee (i) assists the Board of Directors in discharging its responsibilities with respect to compensation of our executive
officers and directors, (ii) evaluates the performance of our executive officers, and (iii) administers our stock and incentive compensation
plans and recommends changes in such plans to the Board as needed. 

The
Compensation Committee held 2 meetings in 2022. In addition, the Compensation Committee reviewed and approved various corporate items
by way of written consent during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Compensation
Committee is an independent director in accordance with the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market and applicable federal securities laws and
regulations. 

68 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in (i) identifying qualified individuals to become directors, (ii) determining
the composition of the Board and its committees, (iii) developing succession plans for executive officers, (iv) monitoring a process
to assess Board effectiveness, and (v) developing and implementing our corporate governance procedures and policies. 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held 3 meetings in 2022. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
reviewed and approved various corporate items by way of written consent during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Board has determined
that each member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is an independent director in accordance with the rules of The
Nasdaq Stock Market and applicable federal securities laws and regulations. 

Research
and Development Committee 

The
Research and Development Committee assists the Board in fulfilling the Board s responsibilities to oversee our research and development
programs, and strategies. 

The
Research and Development Committee was established in January 2021. The Research and Development Committee held 2 meeting in 2022. 

DELINQUENT
SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires our officers and directors and persons
who beneficially own more than ten percent (10 of the Common Stock outstanding to file initial statements of beneficial ownership of
Common Stock (Form 3) and statements of changes in beneficial ownership of Common Stock (Forms 4 or 5) with the SEC. Officers, directors
and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all such forms they file. 

Our
records reflect that all reports which were required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, were filed on a timely basis, except that one report on Form 4 was filed late by David Sidransky, one report on Form 4 was filed
late by Yaron Adler, one report on Form 4 was filed late by Mario Philips, one report on Form 4 was filed late by Guy Yachin, and one
report on Form 4 was filed late by Ashish Nanda. 

Corporate
Code of Conduct and Ethics 

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar
functions. Copies of our corporate code of conduct and ethics are available, without charge, upon request in writing to Orgenesis Inc.,
20271 Goldenrod Lane, Germantown, MD, 20876, Attn: Secretary and are posted on the investor relations section of our website, which is
located at www.orgenesis.com. The inclusion of our website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include or incorporate
by reference the information on our website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also intend to disclose any amendments to the Corporate
Code of Conduct and Ethics, or any waivers of its requirements, on our website. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table shows the total compensation paid or accrued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to our Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Development Officer. As of December 31, 2022, there were no other executive officers who earned
more than 100,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and were serving as executive officers as of such date (the named executive
officers ). 

69 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards )
 (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensa- tion ) 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensa- tion )
 (2) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Vered Caplan 
 2022 
 243,868 
 - 
 - 
 107,941 
 - 
 - 
 92,100 
 443,909 
 
 CEO(3) 
 2021 
 264,483 
 3,600,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 112,345 
 3,976,828 

Neil Reithinger 
 2022 
 126,005 
 - 
 - 
 19,048 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 145,053 
 
 CFO, Treasurer Secretary 
 2021 
 239,670 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 239,670 

Efrat Assa-Kunik, 
 2022 
 162,316 
 - 
 - 
 19,048 
 - 
 - 
 44,467 
 225,831 
 
 Chief Development Officer 
 2021 
 169,533 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 46,387 
 215,919 

(1) 
 In
 accordance with SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the
 named executive, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date
 fair value does not necessarily reflect the value of shares which may be received in the future with respect to these awards. The
 grant-date fair value of the stock options in this column is a non-cash expense for us that reflects the fair value of the stock
 options on the grant date and therefore does not affect our cash balance. The fair value of the stock options will likely vary from
 the actual value the holder receives because the actual value depends on the number of options exercised and the market price of
 our Common Stock on the date of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock options, see Note
 15 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. No executive officers received options awards in the
 year ended December 31, 2022. See below for a summary of options awarded in previous years. 

(2) 
 For
 2022 and 2021, represents the compensation as described under the caption All Other Compensation below. 

All
Other Compensation 

The
following table provides information regarding each component of compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included
in the All Other Compensation column in the Summary Compensation Table above. Represents amounts paid in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) or
Swiss Franks and converted at average exchange rates for the year. 

Name 
 Year 
 Automobile
 and Communication Related Expenses 
 
 Social Benefits 
 (1) 
 Total 
 
 Vered
 Caplan 
 2022 
 2,536 
 89,564 
 92,100 

2021 
 - 
 112,345 
 112,345 

Efrat Assa Kunik 
 2022 
 436 
 44,031 
 44,467 

2021 
 924 
 45,462 
 46,387 

(1) 
 These
 are comprised of contributions by us to savings, health, severance, pension, disability and insurance plans generally provided in
 Israel and Switzerland, including health, education, managerial insurance funds, and redeemed vacation pay. This amount represents
 Israeli and Swiss severance fund payments, managerial insurance funds, disability insurance, supplemental education fund contribution
 and social securities. See discussion below under Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table Vered Caplan. 

70 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

The
following table summarizes the outstanding equity awards held by each named executive officer of our company as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Grant
 Date 
 Number
 of Shares Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Shares Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option
 Expiration Date 

Vered Caplan 
 22-Aug-14 (1) 
 230,189 
 - 
 0.0012 
 22-Aug-24 

09-Dec-16 (1) 
 166,667 
 - 
 4.80 
 09-Dec-26 

06-Jun-17 (1) 
 83,334 
 - 
 7.20 
 06-Jun-27 

28-Jun-18 (1) 
 250,001 
 - 
 8.36 
 28-Jun-28 

22-Oct-18 (1) 
 85,000 
 - 
 5.99 
 22-Oct-28 

19-Mar-20 (1) 
 85,000 
 - 
 2.99 
 18-Mar-30 

14-Jun-22 (2) 
 21,250 
 63,750 
 2.00 
 13-Jun-32 
 
 Neil Reithinger 
 09-Dec-16 (1) 
 83,334 
 - 
 4.80 
 09-Dec-26 

08-Mar-19 (1) 
 25,000 
 - 
 5.07 
 08-Mar-29 

19-Mar-20 (1) 
 15,000 
 - 
 2.99 
 18-Mar-30 

14-Jun-22 (2) 
 3,750 
 11,250 
 2.00 
 13-Jun-32 
 
 Efrat Assa Kunik 
 09-Dec-16 (1) 
 16,667 
 - 
 4.8 
 09-Dec-26 

22-Oct-18 (1) 
 15,000 
 - 
 5.99 
 22-Oct-28 

19-Mar-20 (1) 
 15,000 
 - 
 2.99 
 18-Mar-30 

14-Jun-22 (2) 
 3,750 
 11,250 
 2.00 
 13-Jun-32 

(1) 
 The
 options were fully vested as of December 31, 2022 .

(2) 
 The
 options vest on a quarterly basis over a period of two years from the date of grant. 

Option
Exercises and Stock Vested in 2022 

The
following table shows information regarding exercises of options to purchase our common stock and vesting of stock awards held by each
executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Shares Acquired
 on Exercise (#) 
 Value Realized on Exercise
 ) (1) 
 Number of Shares Acquired on
 Vesting (#) 
 Value Realized on Vesting
 ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 
 Vered
 Caplan 
 278,191 
 875,745 
 - 
 - 

(1)
Amounts shown in this column do not necessarily represent actual value realized from the sale of the shares acquired upon exercise of
options because in many cases the shares are not sold on exercise but continue to be held by the executive officer exercising the option.
The amounts shown represent the difference between the option exercise price and the market price on the date of exercise, which
is the amount that would have been realized if the shares had been sold immediately upon exercise. 

71 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Employment Agreements 

Vered
Caplan 

On
August 14, 2014, our Board of Directors confirmed that Ms. Vered Caplan, who had served as our President and Chief Executive Officer
on an interim basis since December 23, 2013, was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer. 

On
March 30, 2017, we and Ms. Caplan entered into an employment agreement replacing a previous employment agreement dated August 22, 2014
(the Amended Caplan Employment Agreement ). Under the Amended Caplan Employment Agreement, which took effect April 1, 2017,
Ms. Caplan s annual salary continued at 160,000 per annum, subject to adjustment to 250,000 per annum upon the listing of the
Company s securities on an Exchange. On May 10, 2017, we and Ms. Caplan further amended the Amended Caplan Employment Agreement
pursuant to which Ms. Caplan became entitled to a grant under the 2017 of options (the Initial Option to purchase 83,334
shares of the Company s common stock at a per share exercise price equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in our 2017 Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan )) of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The amendment further provided
that beginning in fiscal 2018, subject to approval by the compensation committee, Ms. Caplan became entitled to an additional option
(the Additional Option together with the Initial Option, the Options under the 2017 Plan for up to 250,000
shares of common stock of the Company to be awarded in such amounts per fiscal year as shall be consistent with the Plan, in each case
at a per share exercise price equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of the Company s common stock on the date
of grant. In 2018, following the listing of the Company s securities on Nasdaq, Ms. Caplan s annual salary was raised to
 250,000. 

For
additional information regarding Ms. Caplan s stock options awards, see the Outstanding Equity Awards table above. 

On
November 19, 2020, we and Ms. Caplan entered into an executive directorship agreement, effective as of October 1, 2020 (the Executive
Directorship Agreement ), that supersedes and replaces the Amended Caplan Employment Agreement (the Prior Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Executive Directorship Agreement, Ms. Caplan will continue to serve the Company as its Chairperson of the Board of Directors
(the Board and shall receive in consideration for her serving as Chairperson of the Board an annual regular Board fee
in the amount of 75,000 payable by the Company in equal quarterly installments in advance. In addition, Ms. Caplan may be eligible for
non-recurring special Board fees as reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee and then reviewed and ratified by the Board. In addition, Ms. Caplan may be granted option awards from time to time at the discretion
of the Compensation Committee. 

Ms.
Caplan s position as Chairperson of the Board under the Executive Directorship Agreement may be terminated for any reason by either
Ms. Caplan or the Company upon 90 days prior written notice (the Notice Period ), provided that the Company may terminate
such appointment as Chairperson at any time during the Notice Period subject to certain conditions. Such termination as Chairperson of
the Board will be deemed a termination even if Ms. Caplan remains as a regular director of the Board. Upon termination by the Company
of Ms. Caplan s employment other than for cause or by Ms. Caplan for any reason whatsoever, in addition to any Accrued Obligations
(as defined therein) she shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to the sum of (i) the annual regular Board fee (the Board
Fee and (ii) the greater of actual or target annual performance bonus to which she may have been entitled to as of the termination
date (in each case, less all customary and required taxes and related deductions). 

72 

Ms.
Caplan s position under the Executive Directorship Agreement may be terminated in the event of a Change of Control (as defined
therein) by the Company other than for cause or by Ms. Caplan for any reason whatsoever. In the event of a Change of Control and if,
within one year following such Change of Control, employment under the Executive Directorship Agreement is terminated by the Company
other than for cause or by Ms. Caplan for any reason whatsoever, in addition to any Accrued Obligations, she shall be entitled to receive
a lump sum payment equal to one and a half times the sum of (i) the Board Fee and (ii) the target annual performance remuneration to
which she may have been entitled as of the termination date (in each case, less all customary and required taxes and related deductions). 

In
addition, on November 19, 2020, Orgenesis Services S rl, a Swiss corporation and wholly-owned, direct subsidiary of the Company Orgenesis Services ), and Ms. Caplan entered into a personal employment agreement (the Swiss Employment Agreement 
and together with the Executive Directorship Agreement, the Agreements ), pursuant to which Ms. Caplan will serve as Chief
Executive Officer, President and Chairperson of the Board of Directors of Orgenesis Services and will be a material provider of services
to the Company pursuant to a services agreement between the Company and Orgenesis Services. The Swiss Employment Agreement provides that
Ms. Caplan is entitled to a monthly base salary of CHF 13,345.05 (equivalent to 14,583 based on the current exchange rate at signing),
and an annual representation fee of CHF 24,000 (equivalent to 26,226 based on the current exchange rate at signing), payable in monthly
installments of CHF 2,000. Ms. Caplan is eligible to receive a bonus at the absolute discretion of Orgenesis Services and its compensation
committee. Ms. Caplan may also be granted option awards from time to time, as per the recommendation of the compensation committee of
Orgenesis Services as reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee. Under the Swiss Employment Agreement, Ms. Caplan is entitled
to be paid annual vacation days, monthly travel allowance, sick leave, expenses reimbursement and a mobile phone. The Swiss Employment
Agreement has an effective date as of October 1, 2020. 

Employment
under the Swiss Employment Agreement may be terminated for any reason by Ms. Caplan or by Orgenesis Services other than for just cause
(as defined therein) upon six months prior written notice or by Orgenesis Services other than for just cause in the event of a Change
of Control (as defined therein) of the Company upon at least 12 months prior written notice. Upon termination by Orgenesis Services of
Ms. Caplan s employment without just cause or by Ms. Caplan for any reason whatsoever, in addition to any Accrued Obligations (as
defined therein), she shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to the sum of (i) her Base Salary (as defined therein) at
the rate in effect as of the termination date and (ii) the greater of actual or target annual performance bonus to which she may have
been entitled to for the year in which employment terminates (in each case, less all customary and required taxes and employment-related
deductions). In the event of a Change of Control and if, within one year following such Change of Control, employment is terminated by
Orgenesis Services other than for cause or by Ms. Caplan for any reason whatsoever, in addition to any Accrued Obligations she shall
be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to one and a half times the sum of (i) her Base Salary and (ii) the target annual performance
bonus to which she may have been entitled to for the year in which employment terminates (in each case, less all customary and required
taxes and employment-related deductions). 

The
Swiss Employment Agreement provides for customary protections of Orgenesis confidential information and intellectual property. 

Ms.
Caplan received an aggregate salary and board fee of 264,483 during 2021. On November 19, 2020, the Compensation Committee approved
a special remuneration of 400,000 to Ms. Caplan for her outstanding service in the business development of the Company and its affiliates.
The payment of such remuneration was made at the time of entry into the Agreements. On July 28, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved
a discretionary bonus to Ms. Caplan in the amount of 3.6 million pursuant to the discretionary bonus provisions of the Personal Employment
Agreement between Ms. Caplan and Orgenesis Services S rl. The bonus was paid during September 2021. 

Ms.
Caplan received an aggregate salary and board fee of 243,868 during 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the 75 thousand chairperson fee
for 2022 was unpaid, but accrued, per agreement by Ms. Caplan. In addition, in 2022 Ms. Caplan was awarded options to purchase 85,000
shares of common stock. 

73 

Neil
Reithinger 

Mr.
Reithinger was appointed Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary on August 1, 2014. Mr. Reithinger s employment agreement
stipulates a monthly salary of 1,500; payment of an annual bonus as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, participation
in the Company s pension plan; grant of stock options as determined by the Company; and reimbursement of expenses. In addition,
on August 1, 2014, the Company entered into a financial consulting agreement with Eventus Consulting, P.C., an Arizona professional corporation,
of which Mr. Reithinger is the sole shareholder Eventus ), pursuant to which Eventus has agreed to provide financial consulting
services to the Company. In consideration for Eventus services, the Company agreed to pay Eventus according to its standard hourly
rate structure. The term of the consulting agreement was for a period of one year from August 1, 2014 and automatically renews for additional
one-year periods upon the expiration of the term unless otherwise terminated. Eventus is owned and controlled by Mr. Reithinger. On December
16, 2020, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, approved a special one-time bonus of 200,000 that was
paid prior to December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, Eventus was owed 23 thousand for accrued and unpaid services under the financial
consulting agreement. In addition, in 2022 Mr. Reithinger was awarded options to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock 

Efrat
Assa-Kunik 

Ms.
Assa-Kunik was appointed Chief Development Officer in December 2021. According to the terms of Ms. Assa-Kunik s Employment Agreement
Ms. Assa Kunik is entitled to a monthly salary of 45 thousand New Israeli Shekels, customary contributions to a pension and training
fund, participation in cellphone expenses, and annual leave of 24 days. In 2022 Ms. Assa-Kunik was awarded options to purchase 15,000
shares of common stock. 

Potential
Payments upon Change of Control or Termination following a Change of Control 

Our
employment agreements with our named executive officers provide incremental compensation in the event of termination, as described herein.
Generally, we currently do not provide any severance specifically upon a change in control nor do we provide for accelerated vesting
upon change in control. Termination of employment also impacts outstanding stock options. 

Due
to the factors that may affect the amount of any benefits provided upon the events described below, any actual amounts paid or payable
may be different than those shown in this table. Factors that could affect these amounts include the basis for the termination, the date
the termination event occurs, the base salary of an executive on the date of termination of employment and the price of our common stock
when the termination event occurs. 

The
following table sets forth the compensation that would have been received by each of our executive officers had they been terminated
as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Salary Continuation 
 
 Vered Caplan 

)
Termination by Company without cause: 250,000 

 Termination
without cause following a change in control: 375,000 

74 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth for each non-employee director that served as a director during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid
 in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards )
 (1) 
 Non-equity Incentive
 Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Guy Yachin 
 100,000 
 - 
 23,161 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 123,161 
 
 Yaron Adler 
 60,000 
 - 
 17,725 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 77,725 
 
 Dr. David Sidransky 
 105,000 
 - 
 24,165 (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 129,165 
 
 Ashish Nanda 
 65,000 
 - 
 18,729 (5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 83,729 
 
 Mario Philips 
 50,000 
 - 
 16,248 (6) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 66,248 

(1) 
 In
 accordance with SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the
 named executive, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date
 fair value does not necessarily reflect the value of shares which may be received in the future with respect to these awards. The
 grant-date fair value of the stock options in this column is a non-cash expense for us that reflects the fair value of the stock
 options on the grant date and therefore does not affect our cash balance. The fair value of the stock options will likely vary from
 the actual value the holder receives because the actual value depends on the number of options exercised and the market price of
 our common stock on the date of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock options, see Note
 15 (Stock Based Compensation) to our financial statements, which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (2) 
 In
 respect of 19,600 options which will vest on December 23, 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 In
 respect of 15,000 options which will vest on December 23, 2023. 
 
 (4) 
 In
 respect of 20,450 options which will vest on December 23, 2023. 
 
 (5) 
 In
 respect of 15,850 options which will vest on December 23, 2023. 
 
 (6) 
 In
 respect of 13,750 options which will vest on December 23, 2023. 

All
directors receive reimbursement for reasonable out of pocket expenses in attending Board of Directors meetings and for participating
in our business. 

Compensation
Policy for Non-Employee Directors. 

In
January 2021, the Board of Directors adopted an updated compensation policy for non-employee directors which replaced the previous non-employee
director compensation terms, and which became effective January 2021. Under the policy, each director is to receive an annual cash compensation
of 40,000 and the Chairman or lead director is paid an additional 20,000 per annum. Each committee member will be paid an additional
 10,000 per annum and the committee chairman of the Audit and Research and Development committees is to receive 20,000 per annum while
the chairman of the other committees is to receive 15,000 per annum. Cash compensation will be made on a quarterly basis. 

All
newly appointed directors also receive options to purchase up to 6,250 shares of our common stock. All directors are entitled to an annual
bonus of options for 12,500 shares and each committee member is entitled to a further option to purchase up to 1,250 shares of common
stock and each committee chairperson to options for an additional 2,100 shares of common stock. In addition, the Chairman and Vice Chairman
shall be granted an option to purchase 4,200 shares of our common stock. In all cases, the options are granted at a per share exercise
price equal to the closing price of our publicly traded stock on the date of grant and the vesting schedule is determined by the compensation
committee at the time of grant. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers has served as a member of the Board of Directors, or as a member of the compensation or similar committee,
of any entity that has one or more executive officers who served on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee during the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

75 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 22, 2023 for
(a) the named executive officers, (b) each of our directors, (c) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group and (d)
each stockholder known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. We deem shares of common stock that may
be acquired by an individual or group within 60 days of March 22, 2023 pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants to be outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the table. Except as indicated in footnotes to this table, we believe
that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown to be
beneficially owned by them based on information provided to us by these stockholders. Percentage of ownership is based on 27,493,123
shares of common stock outstanding on March 22, 2023. 

Security
Ownership of Greater than 5 Beneficial Owners 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial
 Owner 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial
 Ownership (1) 
 Percent (1) 
 
 Yehuda Nir c/o Orgenesis
 Inc. 20271 Goldenrod Lane Germantown, MD 20876 
 8,718,861
 (2) 
 24.08 

Security
Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial
 Owner 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial
 Ownership (1) 
 Percent (1) 
 
 Vered Caplan c/o Orgenesis
 Inc. 20271 Goldenrod Lane Germantown, MD 20876 
 1,210,257 (3) 
 4.26 
 
 Neil Reithinger 14201 N. Hayden Road,
 Suite A-1 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 
 128,959
 (4) 
 c/o Orgenesis Inc. 20271
 Goldenrod Lane Germantown, MD 20876 
 52,292
 (5) 
 c/o Orgenesis Inc. 20271
 Goldenrod Lane Germantown, MD 20876 
 131,267
 (6) 
 c/o Orgenesis Inc.
 20271 Goldenrod Lane Germantown, MD 20876 
 153,851 (7) 
 c/o Orgenesis Inc. 20271
 Goldenrod Lane Germantown, MD 20876 
 188,721 (8) 
 c/o Orgenesis Inc. 20271
 Goldenrod Lane Germantown, MD 20876 
 82,550 (9) 
 c/o Orgenesis Inc. 20271
 Goldenrod Lane Germantown, MD 20876 
 46,250
 (10) 

76 

Notes:

(1) 
 Percentage
 of ownership is based on 27,493,123 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 22, 2023. Except as otherwise indicated, we
 believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed above, based on information furnished by such owners, have sole investment
 and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined
 in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common
 stock subject to options, warrants or convertible debt currently exercisable, or convertible or exercisable or convertible within
 60 days, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such options, warrants or
 convertible debt but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(2) 
 Consists
 of (i) 10,016 shares of common stock, (ii) 453,294 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants at a price
 of 6.24 per share, exercisable until January 31, 2026, (iii) 277,778 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding
 warrants at a price of 4.50 per share, exercisable until January 31, 2026, (iv) 1,111,111 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
 of outstanding warrants at a price of 2.50 per share, exercisable until January 31, 2026, and (v) 6,866,662 shares of common stock
 issuable upon conversion of convertible debt at a conversion price of 2.50 per share. 

(3) 
 Consists
 of (i) 278,191 shares of common stock, (ii) 230,189 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price
 of 0.0012 per share, (iii) 166,667 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.80
 per share, (iv) 83,334 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 7.20 per share, (v)
 250,001 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 8.36 per share, (vi) 85,000 shares
 of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 5.99 per share, (vii) 85,000 shares of our common
 stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.99 per share and (viii) 31,875 shares of our common stock issuable
 upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.00 per share. Does not include option for 53,125 shares of common stock with
 an exercise price of 2.00 per share that are exercisable quarterly after March 31, 2023. 

(4) 
 Consists
 of (i) 83,334 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.80 per share, (ii) 25,000
 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 5.07 per share, (iii) 15,000 shares of our
 common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.99 per share and (iv) 5,625 shares of our common stock
 issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.00 per share. Does not include option for 9,375 shares of common stock
 with an exercise price of 2.00 per share that are exercisable quarterly after March 31, 2023. 

77 

(5) 
 Consists
 of (i) 16,667 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.8 per share, (ii) 15,000
 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 5.99 per share, (iii) 15,000 shares of our
 common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.99 per share and (iv) 5,625 shares of our common stock
 issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2 per share. Does not include option for 9,375 shares of common stock
 with an exercise price of 2 per share that are exercisable quarterly after March 31, 2023. 

(6) 
 Consists
 of (i) 41,667 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.80 per share, (ii) 28,750
 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 5.99 per share, (iii) 25,000 shares of our
 common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.99 per share, (iv) 16,250 shares of our common stock
 issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.60 per share, (v) 19,600 shares of our common stock issuable upon
 exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.89 per share. Does not include option for 19,600 shares of common stock with an
 exercise price of 1.86 per share that are exercisable on December 23, 2023. 

(7) 
 Consists
 of (i) 20,834 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 9.00 per share, (ii) 41,667
 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.80 per share, (iii) 29,200 shares of our
 common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 5.99 per share, (iv) 25,000 shares of our common stock
 issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.99 per share, (v) 16,700 shares of our common stock issuable upon
 exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.60 per share and (vi) 20,450 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of
 outstanding options at a price of 2.89 per share. Does not include option for 20,450 shares of common stock with an exercise price
 of 1.86 per share that are exercisable on December 23, 2023. 

(8) 
 Consists
 of (i) 63,304 shares of our common stock, (ii) 41,667 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at
 a price of 4.80 per share, (iii) 28,750 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 5.99
 per share, (iv) 25,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.99 per share, (v)
 15,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.60 per share and (vi) 15,000 shares
 of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.89 per share. Does not include option for 15,000
 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.86 per share that are exercisable on December 23, 2023. 

(9) 
 Consists
 of (i) 27,100 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 5.99 per share, (ii) 25,000
 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.99 per share, (iii) 14,600 shares of our
 common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.60 per share and (iv) 15,850 shares of our common stock
 issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.89 per share. Does not include option for 15,850 shares of common
 stock with an exercise price of 1.86 per share that are exercisable on December 23, 2023. 

(10) 
 Consists
 of (i) 6,250 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.70 per share, (ii) 12,500
 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.99 per share, (iii) 13,750 shares of our
 common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 4.60 per share and (iv) 13,750 shares of our common stock
 issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at a price of 2.89 per share. Does not include option for 13,750 shares of common
 stock with an exercise price of 1.86 per share that are exercisable on December 23, 2023. 

78 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Existing Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table summarizes certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of Securities to
 be Issued Upon Exercise
 of Outstanding
 Options 
 Weighted-Average Exercise
 Price of Outstanding
 Options 
 Number
 of Securities Remaining
 Available for Future
 Issuance Under Equity
 Compensation Plans
 (Excluding Securities
 Reflected in Column
 (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation
 plans approved by security holders (1) 
 2,825,860 
 4.17 
 1,174,140 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security
 holders 
 726,780 
 4.68 
 - 
 
 Total 
 3,552,640 
 4.27 
 1,552,834 

(1) Consists
 of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and the Global Share Incentive Plan (2012). For a short
 description of those plans, see Note 15 to our 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements included
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Except
as set out below, as of December 31, 2022, there have been no transactions, or currently proposed transactions, in which we were or are
to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of the following persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest: 

any
 director or executive officer of our company; 
 
 any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of the
 voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock; 
 
 any
 promoters and control persons; and 
 
 any
 member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in laws)
 of any of the foregoing persons. 

Pursuant
to a financial consulting agreement with Eventus Consulting, P.C., an Arizona professional corporation, of which Mr. Reithinger is the
sole shareholder Eventus ), dated as of August 1, 2014, Mr. Reithinger received 108 thousand during the year ended December
31, 2022 and 240 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2021 for financial consulting services. Such amounts are included in Mr.
Reithinger s executive compensation presented in the Summary Compensation Table in Item 11 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Eventus has agreed to provide financial consulting services to the Company and in consideration for Eventus services, the Company
agreed to pay Eventus according to its standard hourly rate structure. The term of the consulting agreement was for a period of one year
from August 1, 2014 and automatically renews for additional one-year periods upon the expiration of the term unless otherwise terminated.
Eventus is owned and controlled by Mr. Reithinger 

Pursuant
to our Audit Committee charter adopted in March 2017, the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving, prior to our entry
into any such transaction, all transactions in which we are a participant and in which any parties related to us have or will have a
direct or indirect material interest. 

79 

Named
Executive Officers and Current Directors 

For
information regarding compensation for our named executive officers and current directors, see Executive Compensation. 

Director
Independence 

See
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Director Independence and Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance Board Committees in Item 10 above. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Our
Board of Directors has appointed Kesselman Kesselman, a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited PwC as our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table sets forth the
fees billed to us for professional services rendered by PwC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 
 
 Services: 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 288,705 
 228,188 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 6,405 
 16,634 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 - 
 29,863 
 
 Total fees 
 295,110 
 274,685 

(1) Audit
 fees consisted of audit work performed in the preparation of financial statements, as well
 as work generally only the independent registered public accounting firm can reasonably be
 expected to provide, such as statutory audits. 

(2) Audit
 related fees consisted principally of audits of employee benefit plans and special procedures
 related to regulatory filings in 2022. 

(3) The
 tax fees were paid for reviewing various tax related matters. 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-audit Services of Independent Public Accountant 

Consistent
with SEC policies regarding auditor independence, the Audit Committee has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing
the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established
a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Prior
to engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm for the next year s audit, management will submit an aggregate
of services expected to be rendered during that year for each of four categories of services to the Audit Committee for approval. 

1.
 Audit services include audit work performed in the preparation of financial statements, as well as work that generally
only an independent registered public accounting firm can reasonably be expected to provide, including comfort letters, statutory audits,
and attest services and consultation regarding financial accounting and/or reporting standards. 

2.
 Audit-Related services are for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by an independent registered
public accounting firm, including due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits, and special procedures
required to meet certain regulatory requirements. 

80 

3.
 Tax services include all services performed by an independent registered public accounting firm s tax personnel except
those services specifically related to the audit of the financial statements, and includes fees in the areas of tax compliance, tax planning,
and tax advice. 

4.
 Other Fees are those associated with services not captured in the other categories. We generally do not request such services
from our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Prior
to engagement, the Audit Committee pre-approves these services by category of service. The fees are budgeted, and the Audit Committee
requires our independent registered public accounting firm and management to report actual fees versus the budget periodically throughout
the year by category of service. During the year, circumstances may arise when it may become necessary to engage our independent registered
public accounting firm for additional services not contemplated in the original pre-approval. In those instances, the Audit Committee
requires specific pre-approval before engaging our independent registered public accounting firm. 

The
Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member to whom such authority is delegated must
report, for informational purposes only, any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 

c. Financial
 Statements 

Our
consolidated financial statements are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by
reference. 

d. Financial
 Statement Schedules 

No
financial statement schedules have been filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K because they are not applicable or are not required
or because the information is otherwise included herein. 

e. Exhibits
 required by Regulation S-K 

No. 
 
 Description

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our registration statement on Form S-8, filed on August 7, 2020) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended dated December 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on December 19, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2020) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on January 22, 2020) 

4.3 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our registration statement on Form S-8, filed on August 7, 2020) 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated as of September 13, 2021, issued in connection with Convertible Note Extension Agreements (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 4, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated as of September 13, 2021, issued in connection with Convertible Note Extension Agreements (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report filed on Form 10-Q, filed November 4, 2021) 

81 

4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on April 5, 2022) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on April 25, 2022) 

4.8 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on May 17, 2022) 

4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on May 23, 2022) 

4.10 
 
 Form of Nir Additional Warrant, dated as of October 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on October 27, 2022) 

4.11 
 
 Form of Neumann Additional Warrant, dated as of October 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on October 27, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Financial Consulting Agreement, dated August 1, 2014, with Eventus Consulting, P.C. (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on August 5, 2014) 

10.2 
 
 Personal Employment Agreement, dated August 1, 2014, by and between Orgenesis Inc. and Neil Reithinger (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on August 5, 2014) 

10.3 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 30, 2017) 

10.4 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2018, between Orgenesis Inc. and Mircod Limited (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed on October 12, 2018) 

10.5 
 
 Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement, dated December 20, 2018, between Orgenesis Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2018) 

10.6 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement between the Company and First Choice International Company, Inc. dated March 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 8, 2019) 

10.7 
 
 Convertible Loan Agreement between Orgenesis Maryland Inc. and Yosef Ram dated April 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 8, 2019) 

10.8 
 
 Convertible Loan Agreement, dated April 10, 2019, by and between the Company and Investor (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2019) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated May 17, 2019, by and between the Company and Investor (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2019) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated May 30, 2019, by and between the Company and Investor (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2019) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated June 6, 2019, by and between the Company and Investor (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2019) 

10.12 
 
 Transfer Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2019 by and among Masthercell Global, Orgenesis Inc. and GPP-II Masthercell, LLC (incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on August 13, 2019) 

10.13 
 
 Executive Directorship Agreement between the Company and Vered Caplan dated November 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2021) 

10.14 
 
 Swiss Employment Agreement between the Company and Vered Caplan dated November 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2021) 

10.15 
 
 Convertible Loan Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2021, between the Company and Image Securities FCZ (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 4, 2021) 

82 

10.16 
 
 Convertible Credit Line and Unsecured Convertible Note Extension Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2021, between the Company and Yosef Dotan (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 4, 2021) 

10.17 
 
 Convertible Credit Line Extension Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2021, between the Company and Aharon Lukach (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 4, 2021) 

10.18 
 
 Unsecured Convertible Note Extension Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2021, between the Company and Yehuda Nir (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 4, 2021) 

10.19 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, between the Company and Efrat Assa Kunik (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2022) 

10.20 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and among the Company and certain investors (incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on April 5, 2022) 

10.21 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and among the Company and certain investors (incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on April 5, 2022) 

10.22 
 
 Convertible Loan Agreement, dated April 21, 2022, by and among the Company and Yehuda Nir (incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on April 25, 2022) 

10.23 
 
 Amendment to Convertible Loan Agreement, dated May 16, 2022, by and among the Company and Yehuda Nir (incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on May 16, 2022) 

10.24 
 
 Convertible Loan Agreement, dated May 17, 2022, by and among the Company and Southern Israel Bridging Fund Two, LP (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on May 17, 2022) 

10.25 
 
 Convertible Loan Agreement, dated May 19, 2022, by and among the Company and Ricky Neumann (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on May 23, 2022) 

10.26 
 
 Convertible Note Extension Agreement, dated July 15, 2022, by and among the Company and J. Ezra Merkin (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on July 20, 2022) 

10.27 
 
 Senior Secured Convertible Loan Agreement, dated August 15, 2022, by and among Morgenesis, Orgenesis, and the Lender (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on August 17, 2022) 

10.28 
 
 Convertible Loan Extension Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2022, by and between the Company and Yehuda Nir (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on October 27, 2022) 

10.29 
 
 Convertible Loan Extension Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2022, by and between the Company and Ricky Neumann (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on October 27, 2022) 

10.30 
 
 Amendment, Consent and Waiver Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2022, by and between the Company and Ricky Neumann (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on October 27, 2022) 

10.31 
 
 Unit Purchase Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022 by and among Orgenesis Inc., Morgenesis LLC and MM OS Holdings, L.P. (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2022) 

10.32 
 
 Form of Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Morgenesis LLC (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2022) 

10.33 
 
 Services Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022, by and between Morgenesis LLC and Orgenesis Inc. (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2022) 

10.34 
 
 Advisory Services and Monitoring Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022 by and between Morgenesis LLC and Metalmark Management II LLC. (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2022) 

10.35 
 
 Global Share Incentive Plan (2012) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on May 31, 2012) 

10.36 
 
 Appendix Israeli Taxpayers Global Share Incentive Plan (2012) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on May 31, 2012) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Orgenesis Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of independent registered public accounting firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification Statement of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification Statement of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification Statement of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification Statement of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 

Filed
herewith 

 Furnished
herewith 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

83 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Vered Caplan 

Vered
 Caplan 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Neil Reithinger 

Neil
 Reithinger 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 March 22, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/
 Vered Caplan 

Vered
 Caplan 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Neil Reithinger 

Neil
 Reithinger 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Guy Yachin 

Guy
 Yachin 

Director 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 David Sidransky 

David
 Sidransky 

Director 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Yaron Adler 

Yaron
 Adler 

Director 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Ashish Nanda 

Ashish
 Nanda 

Director 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Mario Philips 

Mario
 Philips 

Director 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

84 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB name: Kesselman Kesselman C.P.A.s; PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (Income) 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and shareholders of Orgenesis Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Orgenesis Inc.
and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive
loss (income), change in equity and cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1b to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has incurred cash outflows from operating activities that raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1b. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Goodwill Impairment Assessment 

As described in Note 2 and 8 to the
consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 8 million at December 31, 2022. In the
fourth quarter of 2022, following the separation of the Company s business into two operating segments, the Company
reallocated goodwill to its newly reorganized reporting units (Morgenesis and Therapies) using a relative fair value approach. As a
result, the goodwill associated with Morgenesis and Therapies reporting units were 7 million and 1 million, respectively. Based on
this reallocation, the Company performed an impairment analysis for these two reporting units on the date of change. Fair value is
estimated by management using a discounted cash flow model. Management s cash flow projections for the reporting units
included significant judgments and assumptions relating to revenue growth rates, projected operating income and the discount
rate. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment is a critical
audit matter are there was significant judgment by management when determining the fair value measurement of the reporting units; This
in turn led to high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluate management s cash
flow projections and significant assumptions including revenue growth rates, projected operating income and discount rate. In addition,
the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and
evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included, among others, testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate;
evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model; testing the completeness, accuracy and relevance of underlying data
used in the model; and evaluating the significant assumptions used by management, including the discount rate, revenue growth rates,
and projected operating income. Evaluating management s assumptions related to revenue growth rates and projected operating income
involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current performance of the reporting
units (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence
obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of Company s
discounted cash flow model and certain significant assumptions, including the discount rate. 

/s/

Certified
Public Accountants (Isr.) 

 A
member of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited 

March
22, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

F- 3 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (U.S.
Dollars, in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other receivables 

Convertible loan to related parties 

Grants receivable 
 - 

Inventory 

Total current assets 

NON CURRENT ASSETS: 

Deposits 

Investments and loans to associates 

Loans receivable 
 - 

Property, plants and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax 
 
 - 
 
 Other assets 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

Including
related party in the amount of 
thousand as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 4 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (U.S.
Dollars, in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Liabilities and equity 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Income tax payable 

Employees and related payables 

Advance payments on account of grant 

Contract liabilities 

Current maturities of finance leases 

Current maturities of operating leases 

Short-term and current maturities of convertible loans 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Non-current operating leases 

Convertible loans 

Retirement benefits obligation 

Long-term debt and finance leases 

Advance payments on account of grant 
 
 - 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 

TOTAL LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 
 
 - 
 
 EQUITY: 

Common stock of par value: Authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: shares; Issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: and shares, respectively; Outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: and shares, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Treasury stock shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Accumulated deficit 

Equity attributable to Orgenesis Inc. 

Non-controlling interests 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST AND EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (INCOME) 

 (U.S.
Dollars, in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Revenues from related party 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues, development services and research and development expenses 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Impairment expenses of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Operating loss 

Other income, net 

Loss from extinguishment in connection with convertible loan 

Financial expenses, net 

Share in net loss of associated companies 

Loss before income taxes 

Tax expense 

Net loss 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to Orgenesis Inc. 

Loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares used in computation of Basic and Diluted loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Other Comprehensive loss Translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributed to non-controlling interests 

Comprehensive loss attributed to Orgenesis Inc. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

 (U.S.
Dollars, in thousands, except share amounts) 

Number 
 Par Value 
 Additional 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Other 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Treasury Shares 
 Accumulated Deficit 

Orgenesis Inc. 
 Non- Controlling Interest 
 Par Value 

Common Stock 
 Accumulated 

Equity
Attributable 

Number 
 Par Value 
 Additional 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Other 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Treasury Shares 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 to 

 Orgenesis Inc. 
 Non- Controlling Interest 
 Par Value 
 
 Balance
at January 1, 2021 

Changes during the Year ended December 31, 2021: 

Stock-based compensation to employees and directors 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation to service providers 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of options 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Extinguishment in connection with convertible loan restructuring 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of Shares due to exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Repurchase of treasury stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Comprehensive loss for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statement 

F- 7 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

 (U.S.
Dollars, in thousands, except share amounts) 

Common Stock 
 Accumulated Other 

Equity
Attributable 

Number 
 Par Value 
 Additional 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Comprehensive 
 Income 
 (loss) 
 Treasury Shares 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 to 
 Orgenesis Inc. 
 Non- Controlling Interest 
 Par Value 
 
 Balance
at January 1, 2022 

Changes during the Year ended December 31, 2022: 

Stock-based compensation to employees and directors 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation to service providers 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of options 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance and modification of warrants with respect to convertible loans 

Extinguishment in connection with convertible loan restructuring 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of Shares 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares related to acquisition of Mida 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Non- Controlling Interest arising from a business combination 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Comprehensive income (loss) for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS( 

 (U.S.
Dollars, in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments required to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Capital loss (gain), net 

Share in loss of associated company 

Depreciation and amortization expenses 

Impairment expenses of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Effect of exchange differences on inter-company balances 

Net changes in operating leases 

Interest expense accrued on loans and convertible loans 

Loss from extinguishment in connection with convertible loan restructuring 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accounts receivable 

Decrease (increase) in inventory 

Decrease (increase) in other assets 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses, other accounts receivable 

Decrease in accounts payable 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other payable 

Increase (decrease) in employee and related payables 

Decrease in contract liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Change in advance payments and receivables on account of grant, net 

Change in deferred taxes, net 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Investment in convertible loan to related party partners 
 - 

Repayment of convertible loan to related party partners 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in loan to associate entities 

Loan granted 
 - 

Repayment of loan granted 
 
 - 
 
 Sale of property, plants and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of property, plants and equipment 

Investment in associated company 
 - 

Cash acquired from acquisition of Mida (see note 4) 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in cash from business combinations of TLABS and Orgenesis Austria (see note 13a) 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in long-term deposits 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repurchase of treasury stock 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of shares 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible loans 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from transaction with redeemable non-controlling interest that do not acquire control of a subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of convertible loans and convertible bonds 

Repayment of short and long-term debt 

Grant received in respect of third party 
 
 - 
 
 Transfer of the grant received to third party 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided (used in) by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Recognition of finance lease liability and right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Recognition of operating lease liability and right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable related to purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Loan conversion for Redeemable non-controlling interest (See note 3) 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stocks in connection with the acquisition of Mida (see note 4) 
 
 - 
 
 Extinguishment in connection with convertible loan restructuring 

CASH PAID DURING THE YEAR FOR: 

Interest 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

POCare
Services Operations via Subsidiaries 

The
Company currently conducts its core business operations itself and through Morgenesis and its subsidiaries which are all wholly owned
except as otherwise stated below (collectively, the Subsidiaries ). The following is a description of the Company s
Subsidiaries: 

Morgenesis
LLC 

In
August 2022, the Company formed Morgenesis LLC, a subsidiary to hold substantially all the assets of the Company s POCare Services.
The Company formed Morgenesis to streamline all existing POCare Service business units into one unified entity, bringing together a full-service
range of solutions for therapeutic developers for point of care treatments. The newly formalized service offering provides solutions
from initial process development, regulatory strategy and implementation, OMPULization which includes cGMP process development,
closing/automating the process, and with the end goal of optimizing full cGMP processing and supply of therapeutic product to patients
at the point of care. The Company currently owns of Morgenesis. 

During
November 2022, the Company and MM OS Holdings, L.P. MM ), an affiliate of Metalmark Capital Partners Metalmark ),
entered into a series of definitive agreements intended to finance, strengthen and expand the Company s POCare Services business
(the Metalmark Investment ). Pursuant to a unit purchase agreement (the UPA ), MM purchased 
 Class A Preferred Units of Morgenesis (the Class
A Units ), which represents 
 of the outstanding equity interests of Morgenesis
following the initial closing, for a purchase price of million, comprised of (i) 
 million of cash consideration and (ii) the conversion
of million of MM s then-outstanding senior secured convertible loans previously entered into with MM. Under certain conditions
related to Morgenesis performance among others, MM has agreed to make future payments of up to million in cash for additional
Class A (or Class B) Units, and/or make a one-time cash payment of million to Orgenesis (the Earnout Payment ). In connection
with the entry into of the UPA, the Company, Morgenesis and MM entered into the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement (the LLC Agreement providing for certain restrictions on the disposition of Morgenesis securities, the provisions
of certain options and rights with respect to the management and operations of Morgenesis, a right for MM to exchange any units of Morgenesis
for shares of Orgenesis common stock and certain other rights and obligations. In addition, MM was provided certain protective rights
in Morgenesis. (See note 3) 

The
Company transferred the following subsidiaries to Morgenesis: 

Orgenesis
 Maryland LLC, which is the center of POCare Services activity in North America and is currently focused on setting up and providing
 POCare Services and cell-processing services to the POCare Network. 

Tissue
 Genesis International LLC, which was formed in Texas in 2022, is currently focused on development of the Company s technologies
 and therapies. 

Orgenesis
 Services SRL, which was incorporated in 2022 and is currently focused on expanding the Company s POCare Network in Belgium. 

Orgenesis
 Germany GmbH, which is currently focused on providing CRO services to the POCare Network. 

Orgenesis
 Korea Co. Ltd., which is a provider of cell-processing and pre-clinical services in Korea. The Company owns of the Korean
 Subsidiary. 

Orgenesis
 Biotech Israel Ltd., which is a provider of process development and cell-processing services in Israel. 

POCare
Therapies 

The
Company s POCare Network is an alternative to the traditional pathway of drug development. The Company collaborates with academic
institutions and entities that have been spun out from such institutions. The Company is in close contact with researchers who are experts
in the field of the drug and also partners with leading hospitals and research institutes. Based on such collaborations, the Company
enters into in-licensing agreements with relevant institutions for promising therapies with the aim of adapting them to a point-of-care
setting through regional or strategic biological partnerships. It then is able to out-license its own therapeutic developments, as well
as those therapies developed from in-licensing agreements, to out-licensing partners at preferred geographical regions. 

This
approach lowers overall development costs through minimizing pre-clinical development costs incurred by the Company, and through receiving
of the additional funding from grants and/or payments by regional partners. 

The
Company s therapies development subsidiaries are: 

Koligo
 Therapeutics, Inc., a Kentucky corporation, which is a regenerative medicine company, specializing in developing personalized cell
 therapies. It is currently focused on commercializing its metabolic pipeline via the POCare Network throughout the United States
 and in international markets. 

Orgenesis
 CA, Inc. a Delaware corporation, which is currently focused on development of technologies and therapies in California. 

Orgenesis
 Belgium SRL which is currently focused on product development. Since its incorporation, the subsidiary been awarded grants in excess
 of million Euro from the Walloon region for several projects (DGO6 grants). 

Orgenesis
 Switzerland Sarl, which is currently focused on providing group management services. 

MIDA
 Biotech BV, which was acquired in 2022 and is currently focused on research and development activities, was granted a 4 million Euro
 grant under the European Innovation Council Pathfinder Challenge Program which supports cutting-edge science and technology. The
 grant is for technologies enabling the production of autologous induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) using microfluidic technologies
 and artificial intelligence (AI). 

Orgenesis
 Italy SRL which was incorporated in 2022 and is currently focused on R D activities. 

Orgenesis
 Ltd., an Israeli subsidiary which is focused on R D and a provider of R D management services for out licenced products.
 Israel as a hub for biotech research and pioneers in this field 

Orgenesis
 Australia PTY LTD, which was incorporated in 2022 and is currently focused on the development of the Company s technologies
 and therapies. 

b.
Liquidity 

Through
December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million as of December 31, 2022 and negative operating cashflows of
 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s activities have been funded by generating revenue, offerings of
the Company s securities and raising of loans. There is no assurance that the Company s business will generate sustainable
positive cash flows to fund its business. 

If
there are further increases in operating costs for facilities expansion, research and development, commercial and clinical activity or
decreases in revenues from customers, the Company will need to use mitigating actions such as to seek additional financing or postpone
expenses that are not based on firm commitments. In addition, in order to fund the Company s operations until such time that the
Company can generate sustainable positive cash flows, the Company may need to raise additional funds. 

Current
and projected cash resources and commitments, as well as other factors mentioned above, raise a substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern to meet the Company s current operations for the next 12 months. Management plans include
raising additional capital to fund its operations, as well as exploring additional avenues to increase revenue and reduce capital expenditures.
If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional capital or meet revenue targets, it may have to curtail certain activities. 

The
estimation and execution uncertainty regarding the Company s future cash flows and management s judgments and assumptions
in estimating these cash flows is a significant estimate. Those assumptions include reasonableness of the forecasted revenue, operating
expenses, and uses and sources of cash. 

Laboratory equipment 

Office equipment and computers 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 
 
 Know-How 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 
 
 Technology 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 
 
 In-process
 research and development 

Intangible
assets are recorded at acquisition less accumulated amortization and impairment. Definite lived intangible assets are amortized over
their estimated useful life using the straight-line method, which is determined by identifying the period over which the cash flows from
the asset are expected to be generated. The Company capitalizes IPR D projects acquired as part of a business combination. On successful
completion of each project, IPR D assets are reclassified to developed technology and amortized over their estimated useful lives. 

impairment charges to goodwill during the periods presented. 

Impairment
charges to customer relationships and IPR D during the year ended December 31, 2022 were . 

. 

3)
Taxes that would apply in the event of disposal of investment in Subsidiaries and associated companies have not been taken into account
in computing the deferred income taxes, as it is the Company s intention to hold these investments and not realize them. 

The
Company recognizes revenue when, or as, it satisfies a performance obligation. At contract inception, the Company determines whether
the services are transferred over time or at a point in time. Performance obligations that have no alternative use and that the Company
has the right to payment for performance completed to date, at all times during the contract term, are recognized over time. All other
performance obligations are recognized as revenues by the Company at a point of time (upon completion) .
Revenues from support services provided to the Company s customers are recognized as and when the services are provided, because
the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided. 

Significant
Judgement and Estimates 

Significant
judgment is required to identifying the distinct performance
obligations and estimating the standalone selling price of each distinct performance obligation and identifying which performance obligations
create assets with alternative use to the Company, which results in revenue recognized upon completion, and which performance obligations
are transferred to the customer over time. 

Cell
Process Development Services 

Revenue
recognized under contracts for cell process development services may, in some contracts, represent multiple performance obligations (where
promises to the customers are distinct) in circumstances in which the work packages and milestones
are not interrelated or the customer is able to complete the services performed independently or by using competitors of the Company.
In other contracts when the above circumstances are not met, the promises are not considered distinct, and the contract represents one
performance obligation. All performance obligations are satisfied over time, as there is no alternative use to the services it
performs, since, in nature, those services are unique to the customer, which retain the ownership of the intellectual property created
through the process. 

For
arrangements that include multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to the identified performance obligations
based on their relative standalone selling prices. For these contracts, the standalone selling prices are based on the Company s
normal pricing practices when sold separately with consideration of market conditions and other factors, including customer demographics
and geographic location. 

The
Company measures the revenue to be recognized over time on a contract-by-contract basis, determining the use of either
a cost-based input method or output method, depending on whichever best depicts the transfer of control over the life of the performance
obligation. 

Included
in cell process development services is hospital supplies revenue, which is derived principally from the performance of services to hospitals
or other medical providers. Revenue is earned and recognized when product and services are received by the customer. 

POCare
Cell Processing 

Revenues
from POCare Cell processing represent performance obligations
which are recognized either over, or at a point of time. The progress towards completion is measured on an output measure based on direct
measurement of the value transferred to the customer (units produced). 

Change
Orders 

Changes
in the scope of work are common and can result in a change in transaction price, equipment used and payment terms. Change orders are
evaluated on a contract-by-contract basis to determine if they should be accounted for as a new contract or as part of the existing contract.
Generally, services from change orders are not distinct from the original performance obligation. As a result, the effect that the contract
modification has on the contract revenue, and measure of progress, is recognized as an adjustment to revenue when they occur. 

. 

Operating
leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance
sheet. 

Finance
leases are included in property, plants and equipment, net and finance lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 

ROU
assets represent Orgenesis right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent its obligation
to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based
on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information
available at the commencement date to determine the present value of the lease payments. 

The
standard also provides practical expedients for an entity s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the short-term lease recognition
exemption for all leases with a term shorter than 12 months. This means that for those leases, the Company does not recognize ROU assets
or lease liabilities but recognizes lease expenses over the lease term on a straight-line basis. 

Lease
terms will include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that Orgenesis will exercise or not exercise
the option to renew or terminate the lease. 

Class A Preferred Units of Morgenesis (the Class
A Units ), which represents of the outstanding equity interests of Morgenesis following the initial closing, for a purchase
price of thousand, comprised of The investment was made at a pre-money valuation
of , subject to customary adjustments for debt and accounts receivable and an adjustment related to a certain intercompany
loan and closed on November 14, 2022. Following the initial closing, the Company held of the issued and outstanding equity interests
of Morgenesis. 

If
(a) Morgenesis and its subsidiaries generate Net Revenue (as defined in the UPA) equal to or greater than during the twelve
month period ending December 31, 2022 (the First Milestone and/or equal to or greater than during the twelve
month period ending December 31 2023 (the Second Milestone ), and (b) the Company s shareholders approve the LLC Agreement
Terms (as defined below under Principal Terms of the LLC Agreement on the earlier of (x) the date that is seven (7) months
following the initial closing date and (y) the date of the Company s 2023 annual meeting of its shareholders (such stockholder
approval hereafter being the Orgenesis Stockholder Approval and such Orgenesis Stockholder Approval deadline hereafter
being the Stockholder Approval Deadline ), in accordance with applicable law and in a manner that will ensure that MM is
able to exercise its rights under the LLC Agreement (as defined below) without any further action or approval by MM, then MM will pay
up to in cash in exchange for additional Class A Units if the First Milestone is achieved and in cash
in exchange for Class B Units Preferred Units of Morgenesis (the Class B Units if the Second Milestone is achieved.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the First Milestone is not achieved, but Morgenesis and its subsidiaries generate Net Revenue equal
or greater to for the three months ending March 31, 2023, then MM shall make the first future investment for
 Class A Units described above. In the event that the Company fails to obtain Orgenesis Stockholder Approval by the Stockholder
Approval Deadline, the Company will not be entitled to receive (but MM may, in its sole discretion, elect to make) the first 
future investment or the second future investment. 

At
any time until the consummation of a Company IPO or Change of Control (in each case, as defined in the LLC Agreement), MM may, in its
sole discretion, elect to invest up to an additional in Morgenesis (any such investment, an Optional Investment in exchange for certain Class C Preferred Units of Morgenesis (the Class C Units and, together with the Class A Units and
the Class B Units, the Preferred Units ). of such Optional Investment shall be to purchase Class C-1 Preferred
Units based on an enterprise value of , with such enterprise value adjusted by any net debt as of such time; 
of Optional Investment shall be to purchase Class C-2 Preferred Units based on an enterprise value of , with such enterprise
value adjusted by any net debt as of such time; and of Optional Investment shall be to purchase Class C-3 Preferred Units
based on an enterprise value of , with such enterprise value adjusted by any net debt as of such time. 

The
proceeds of the investment will generally be used to fund the activities of Morgenesis and its consolidated subsidiaries. In addition,
if, during the twelve month period ending on December 31, 2023, Morgenesis and its subsidiaries generate , (ii) Gross Profit (as defined in the UPA) equal to or greater than and
(iii) EBITDA (as defined in the UPA) equal to or greater than , then MM shall make (or cause to be made) a one-time cash payment
of to the Company upon such payment becoming final and binding pursuant to the UPA (the Earnout Payment ). 

In
connection with the entry into the UPA, each of the Company, Morgenesis and MM entered into the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability
Company Agreement (the LLC Agreement providing for certain restrictions on the disposition of Morgenesis securities, the
provisions of certain options and rights with respect to the management and operations of Morgenesis, a right for MM to exchange any
units of Morgenesis for shares of the Company s common stock and certain other rights and obligations. 

In
connection with the entry into the UPA, each of the Company, Morgenesis and MM entered into a services agreement (the Services
Agreement under which the Company will provide certain operational services to Morgenesis for an initial term of three years.
Also, in connection with the entry into the UPA, each of Morgenesis and Metalmark Management II LLC, an affiliate of Metalmark MM
Management ), entered into an advisory services and monitoring agreement (the Monitoring Agreement under which MM
Management will provide certain analytical and financial and business monitoring services to Morgenesis. Under the Monitoring Agreement,
MM Management will be paid a quarterly cash fee equal to 0.25 of the total amount invested by MM in Morgenesis as of the date of any
payment and will be entitled to the reimbursement of certain expenses. 

The
Preferred Units have voting rights, may be converted into ordinary shares, and are prioritized over ordinary shares in case of dividend
or redemption. The Company considers the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC
480 in order to determine whether the Preferred Units should be classified as a liability. If the instrument is not within the
scope of ASC 480, the Company further analyzes the instrument s characteristics in order to determine whether it should be classified
within temporary equity (mezzanine) or within permanent equity in accordance with the provisions of ASC 480-10-S99. The preferred units
are not mandatorily or currently redeemable. However, they include a liquidation or deemed liquidation event that would constitute a
redemption event that is outside of the Company s control. As such, all redeemable preferred units have been presented outside
of permanent equity as a redeemable non-controlling interest. 

The
Company further analyzed and concluded that the future Preferred Units investments are considered embedded in the initial Preferred Units
that were issued and are considered clearly and closely related to the host instrument and therefore should not be bifurcated. 

thousand. In lieu of cash, the consideration was paid via Company shares of Common
Stock issued to Mida Biotech BV s shareholders. 

Theracell
Laboratories 

See
note 13a. 

Revenues from related party 
 
 - 
 - 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues, development services and research and development expenses 

Operating expenses 

Other income, net 

- 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 

Impairment expenses 

- 

Loss from extinguishment in connection with convertible loan 
 - 
 
 - 

Financial Expenses, net 

- 

Share in net income of associated companies 

- 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

- 

Reconciliation of segment performance to loss for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Morgenesis 
 Therapies 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated 

(in thousands) 
 
 Revenues 

Revenues from related party 
 
 - 
 - 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues, development services and research and development expenses 

Operating expenses 

Other income, net 

- 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 

Loss from extinguishment in connection with convertible loan 
 - 
 
 - 

Financial Expenses, net 

- 

Share in net income of associated companies 

- 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

- 

shares of the Company s Common Stock at a purchase price of per share and warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. . The Company received proceeds of million. The Company does not expect to receive the remaining million from the defaulting investors. The Company
issued an aggregate of shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement. In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Investors entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the
 Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to register
the resale of the Shares and Underlying Shares on a registration statement on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement to
be filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC by April 3, 2023. 

b.
Purchase of Mida Biotech BV 

In
connection with the acquisition of Mida, the Company issued Common Stock to Mida s shareholders (See Note 4). 

c.
Warrants 

Changes during the period: 

Issued 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Expired 

Warrants outstanding and exercisable at end of the period 

Amendment,
Consent and Waiver Agreement 

In
October and November 2022, the Company and certain investors that were parties to the Securities Purchase Agreement of March 2022 (the
 SPA and the Registration Rights Agreement of March, 2022 (the RRA (see note 5(a)), entered into an Amendment,
Consent and Waiver Agreement (the RRA Amendment ). Pursuant to the RRA Amendment, the Company and the investors agreed to
an extension of the date for filing the Registration Statement to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the RRA) to April
3, 2023 and the effective date of such Registration Statement as provided for in the RRA Amendment; and (to) waive any potential damages
or claims under the RRA with respect to the Company s obligations under the RRA or SPA and release the Company therefrom. In consideration
for such consent, agreement, waiver and release, the Company agreed to issue additional warrants to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of Common Stock to the investors (the Additional PIPE Warrants and such Additional PIPE Warrants shall have an
exercise price of per share of Common Stock, be exercisable beginning six months and one day after the applicable effective date
and ending 36 months after the applicable effective date and be in the same form as the original Warrants issued pursuant to the SPA. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there are no warrants that are subject to exercise price adjustments. 

d. Treasury shares 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased its shares under a stock repurchase plan (the Stock Repurchase Plan ).
The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Plan during the year ended December 31,
2021. 

April 2021 

May 2021 

November 2021 

e. Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement 

In
December 2018, the Company entered into a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement, or Sales Agreement, with Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co., or Cantor, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through Cantor, shares of its common stock having
an aggregate offering price of up to million. The Company will pay Cantor a commission rate equal to of the aggregate gross
proceeds from each sale. Shares sold under the Sales Agreement will be offered and sold pursuant to the Company s Shelf Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-223777) that was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28,
2018, or the Shelf Registration Statement, and a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus that the Company filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2018. The Company has not yet sold any shares of its common stock pursuant to the
Sales Agreement. 

Office furniture and computers 

Lab equipment 

Advance payment 

Subtotal 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were thousand and thousand, respectively. 

Greece 
 
 - 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 - 
 
 Korea 

Israel 

U.S. 

Total 

Property, plants and
 equipment, net 

Translation differences 

Goodwill as of December 31, 2021 

Translation differences 

Goodwill as of December 31, 2022 

Goodwill
impairment assessment for the year ended December 31, 2022 

In the fourth
quarter of 2022, following the separation of the Company s business into two operating segments, the Company reallocated
goodwill to its newly reorganized reporting units (Morgenesis and Therapies) using a relative fair value approach. As a result, the
carrying amount of goodwill assigned to the Morgenesis segment reporting unit was 
million and 
million was assigned to the Therapies segment. The Company performed an impairment analysis for these two reporting units. Based on
the Company s assessment as of date of the change in the reporting units, it was concluded that the fair value of each of the Morgenesis and Therapies reporting units exceeded its carrying
amount and therefore no goodwill impairment was required. 

In evaluating
the fair value of reporting units under the income approach, the Company used a discounted cash flow model. Key assumptions used to determine
the estimated fair value included: (a) internal cash flows forecasts for 5 years following the assessment date, including expected revenue
growth, costs to produce, operating profit margins and estimated capital needs; (b) an estimated terminal value using a terminal year
long-term future growth determined based on the growth prospects of the reporting units; and (c) a discount rate which reflects the weighted
average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with the Company s reporting unit operations and the uncertainty
inherent in the Company s internally developed forecasts. 

Actual results may differ from
those assumed in the Company s valuation method. It is reasonably possible that the Company s assumptions described above could change
in future periods. If any of these were to vary materially from the Company s plans, it may record impairment of goodwill allocated to
any of these reporting units in the future. 

Other
Intangible Assets 

Customer relationships 

Kyslecel Technology 

IPR D 
 - 

Subtotal 

Less Accumulated amortization 

Net carrying amount of other intangible assets 

Intangible
assets amortization expenses were approximately 
 thousand and 
 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Following an annual impairment check, the Company determined
that certain IPR D and customer relationships intangible assets were no longer relevant. Therefore the Company wrote off IPR D
intangible assets in the amount of 641 thousand and customer relationship intangible assets in the amount of 420 thousand in the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

(1)+(5) 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 (2)+(5) 
 - 

(3) 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 (4,5+6) 
 - 

During
January 2023 the Company and investors representing of the convertible loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 agreed to extend
the maturity of the loans to , increase the annual interest rate to effective February 1, 2023, increase the expiry
date of related warrants to January 31, 2026, and change the loan conversion price to . 

(1)+(5) 

- 
 - 
 
 (2)+(5) 
 - 

(3) 
 - 

Convertible
Loans repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022 

Principal Amount 
 Issuance Year 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity Period 
 Exercise Price 
 BCF 

- 

- 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Convertible
Loans repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021 

Principal
 Amount 
 Issuance Year 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity Period 
 Exercise Price 
 BCF 

- 

Apart
from the items mentioned below there were no repayments of convertible loans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021. In addition, except for the Metalmark Morgenesis loan conversion mentioned below there were no other conversions during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

(1) 
 
shares and three -year warrants to purchase up to an additional shares of the Company s common stock at a per share
exercise price of . As of December 31, 2022, the loans are presented in current maturities of convertible notes in the balance sheet. 

(2) 
 
shares and three -year warrants to purchase up to an additional shares of the Company s common stock at a per
share exercise price of . As of December 31, 2022, thousands of the principal amount is included in current maturities of convertible
loans in the balance sheet and the remainder in long-term convertible loans. See also note 9(b). 

(3) 
 
shares at a per share exercise price of . As of December 31, 2022, all the principal amount is included in short-term convertible loans
in the balance sheet. See also note 9(b). 

(4) 
 
shares at a per share exercise price of between . As of December 31, 2022, all the principal amount is included in short-term
convertible loans in the balance sheet. See also note 9(a)6. 

(5) 
 shares of common stock of the
Company were issued to the loan holders at an exercise price of per share. During March 2022 the loan holders waived the early
redemption option. Based on the analysis, the Company concluded that the change in terms should be accounted for as a modification. 

The
Company concluded that the change in the terms (including for the credit line investors extension) does not constitute a troubled debt
restructuring. The Company therefore applied the guidance in ASC 470-50, Modifications and Extinguishments. The accounting treatment
is determined by whether terms of the new debt and original debt are substantially different. The new debt and the old debt are considered
 substantially different pursuant to ASC 470-50 when the change in the fair value of the embedded conversion option is at
least of the carrying amount of the original debt instrument immediately before the modification or exchange or the value of the
cash flows under the terms of the new debt instrument is at least different from the present value of the remaining cash flows under
the terms of the original instrument (including the incremental fair value resulting from issuing new warrants held by the lender). If
the original and new debt instruments are substantially different, the original debt is derecognized and the new debt should be initially
recorded at fair value, with the difference recognized as an extinguishment gain or loss. Based on the analysis, the Company concluded
that the change in terms should be accounted for as an extinguishment. The extinguishment resulted in a loss of thousand recorded
in the 12 months ended December 31, 2021. The Company concluded that, since the warrants cannot be exercised prior to the expiry date
of the Early Redemption Option, the warrants are considered embedded in the convertible loan and not freestanding instruments. It also
concluded that the prepayment option and the embedded warrants should not be bifurcated from the debt host. In accordance with ASC 470-20-25-13,
if a convertible debt instrument is issued at a substantial premium, there is a presumption that such premium represents paid-in capital.
Since the fair value of the new convertible loan instrument issued as part of the change in terms are higher than the par value of the
loan and the premium is substantial, the Company allocated the premium to paid in capital and the reminder to the convertible loan. 

The
fair value of the conversion feature was estimated using the binomial model. The total fair value of the new instruments is M (including
the credit line agreements). 

Accrued Coupon (USD) 

- 
 
 Coupon Rate 

- 
 
 Conversion Ratio (USD) 

- 
 
 Exercise Price (USD) 
 - 
 - 

Stock Price (USD) 

Expected Term (years) 

Risk Free Rate 

Volatility 

Yield 

- 

(6) 
 million (the Loan Amount ). Interest
is calculated at 
per annum (based on a 365-day year) and is payable, along with the principal, during or before the third quarter of 2023. At any time
prior to or on the maturity date, the Lenders may provide the Company with written notice to convert all or part of the loans into shares
of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 
 per share (subject to adjustment for certain
capital events, such as stock splits) (the Conversion Price ). In connection with such loans, we issued to the Lenders warrants
representing the right to purchase an aggregate of 
 shares of Common Stock (which is 25 
of the shares of the Company s Common Stock into which the loans are initially convertible at the Conversion Price), at an exercise
price per share of 
 per share. Such
warrants are exercisable at any time beginning six months and one day after the closing date and ending 36 months after such closing
date. 

On
October 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Convertible Loan Extension Agreement with one of the Lenders, which amended the respective
Lender s Convertible Loan Agreement for the principal Loan Amount as follows: (i) the interest rate increased from 
to per annum as of April 21, 2022 on the unconverted and then outstanding loan amount; (ii) the maturity date was extended to January
20, 2024; (iii) the Company agreed to issue a warrant to the Lender for the right to purchase shares of Common Stock, at an
exercise price per share of per share, which is exercisable at any time beginning April 23, 2023 and ending October 23, 2025; and
(iv) the Conversion Price was amended to a price per share of per share instead of per share. Based on the analysis, the
Company concluded that the change in terms should be accounted for as a modification. 

In
addition, on October 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Convertible Loan Extension Agreement with one of the Lenders, which amended
the respective Lender s Convertible Loan Agreement for the principal Loan Amount as follows: (i) the interest rate increased
from to per annum as of May 19, 2022 on the unconverted and then outstanding loan amount; (ii) the maturity date was extended
to February 19, 2024; (iii) the Company agreed to issue a warrant to the Lender for the right to purchase shares of Common Stock,
at an exercise price per share of per share, which is exercisable at any time beginning April 23, 2023 and ending October 23, 2025;
(iv) the prepayment terms were amended to allow the outstanding Loan Amount to be prepaid by the Company at the Lender s option
following any financings by the parent Company, and in the event that any of the Company s subsidiaries raises financing, the Company
will make reasonable commercial efforts to ensure the funds are received in order to repay the loan amount; and (v) the Conversion Price
was amended to a price per share of per share instead of per share. Based on the analysis, the Company concluded that the
change in terms should be accounted for as an extinguishment. The extinguishment resulted in a loss of thousand. In accordance with
ASC 470-20-25-13, if a convertible debt instrument is issued at a substantial premium, there is a presumption that such premium represents
paid-in capital. Since the fair value of the new convertible loan instrument issued as part of the change in terms are higher than the
par value of the loan and the premium is substantial, the Company allocated the premium to paid in capital and the reminder to the convertible
loan. During January 2023, following the receipt of a loan financing (see note 21), the Company refunded the entire principal and accrued
interest to the Lender). 

b.
Private Placements 

During
May 2019, the Company entered into a private placement subscription agreement with an investor for million. The lender shall be entitled,
at any time prior to or no later than the maturity date, to convert the outstanding amount, into units of (1) shares of common stock
of the Company at a conversion price per share equal to and (2) warrants to purchase an equal number of additional shares of the
Company s common stock at a price of per share. 

In
June 2019, the Company entered into private placement subscription agreements with lenders for an aggregate unsecured convertible note
in the aggregate principal amount of million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid the lenders the debt in
full. 

During
2019, the Company entered into a Private Placement Subscription Agreement and Convertible Credit Line Agreement (collectively, the Credit
Line Agreements with certain non-U.S. investors (the Lenders ), pursuant to which the Lenders furnished to the Company
access to an aggregate million credit line (collectively, the Credit Line ). Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Line
Agreements and the Notes, the total loan amount, and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, became due and payable on the second anniversary
of the Effective Date (the Maturity Date ). The Maturity Date may be extended by each Lender in its sole discretion and
shall be in writing signed by the Company and the Lender. Interest on any amount that has been drawn down under the Credit Line accrues
at a per annum rate of eight percent ). At any time prior to or on the Maturity Date, by providing written notice to the Company,
each of the Lenders is entitled to convert its respective drawdown amounts and all accrued interest, into shares of the Company s
common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), at a conversion price equal to per share. 

During
the years ended December 2020, December 2021, and December 2022 the Company repaid principal amounts of thousand, thousand
and thousand respectively and a total interest amount of thousand, thousand and thousand respectively to certain of
the credit line investors. 

In
2019, the Company entered into private placement subscription agreements with investors for an aggregate amount of thousand. The
lenders shall be entitled, at any time prior to or no later than the maturity date, to convert the outstanding amount, into units of
1 share of common stock of the Company at a conversion price per share equal to . In addition, the Company granted the investors
 warrants to purchase an equal number of additional shares of Common Stock at a price of per share. The fair value of the
warrants was thousand using the fair value of the shares on the grant date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
and the investors agreed to extend the maturity of the loans to December 2022. During the year ended December 2022, the Company and certain
investors agreed to extend the maturity of the loans to December 2023. Based on the analysis, the Company concluded that the changes
in terms should be accounted for as a modification. 

During the year ended December 2022, the Company repaid a principal amount of thousand and a total interest amount of thousand
to a certain investor. 

In
2020, the Company entered into private placement subscription agreements with certain investors for an aggregate amount of thousand
of convertible loans. The lenders shall be entitled, at any time prior to or no later than the maturity date, to convert the outstanding
amount, into shares of Common Stock of the Company at a conversion price per share equal to . In addition, the Company granted the
investors warrants to purchase an equal number of additional shares of Common Stock at a price of per share. During 2021,
the Company and the investors agreed to extend the maturity of the loans to December 2022. During the year ended December 2022, the Company
repaid a principal amount of thousand and a total interest amount of thousand to a certain investor. During 2022, the Company
and other investors agreed to extend the maturity of the loans to December 2023 and to extend the warrants maturity date to December
2023 and January 2024. Based on the analysis, the Company concluded that the change in terms should be accounted for as a modification. 

c.
Unsecured Convertible Notes 

On
November 2, 2016, the Company entered into unsecured convertible note agreements with accredited or offshore investors for an aggregate
amount of NIS million thousand). The loan bears a monthly interest rate of and mature on , unless converted earlier.
On April 27, 2017 and November 2, 2017, the Company entered into extension agreements through November 2, 2017 and May 2, 2018, respectively. 

In
March 2018, the investor submitted a notice of its intention to convert into shares of the Company s common stock the principal
amount and accrued interest of approximately thousand outstanding. A related party of such investor at the same time, exercised
warrants issued in November 2016 to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock. The exercise price of the warrants and conversion
price were fixed at per share (pre-reverse stock split implemented by the Company in November 2017). There is a significant disagreement
between the Company and these two entities as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to these entities, and they contend that
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to them should not consider the reverse stock split. The Company rejects these contentions
in their entirety and, based on the advice of specially retained counsel, believes that these claims are without legal merit and not
made in good faith. The Company intends to vigorously defend its interests and pursue other avenues of legal address. Through its counsel,
the Company has advised these entities that unless they withdraw their request within a specified period, the Company will cancel the
above referenced agreements and these parties right to receive any shares of the Company s Common Stock. In April 2018,
the Company withdrew the agreements and deposited the shares in total amount of issued under those agreements and the principal
amount and accrued interest of the loan in escrow account. The deposit of the principal amount and accrued interest presented as restricted
cash in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

d.
Senior Secured Convertible Loan Agreement 

In
August 2022, Morgenesis entered into a senior secured convertible loan agreement (the Agreement with MM Lender pursuant to which the Lender agreed to loan Morgenesis million (the Loan at an interest rate of paid-in-kind
interest per annum (the PIK Interest ), which shall be capitalized, compounded and added to the unpaid outstanding principal
balance of the Loan on the applicable quarterly interest payment date and which, along with the principal, was scheduled to mature on
 (the Maturity Date ). During the fourth quarter of 2022 the Loan was fully converted into preferred units
of Morgenesis (see note 3). 

years. 

Research
and Development facilities 

The
Company leases space for its research and development facilities under operating lease agreements. The leasing contracts are for a period
of years. 

Offices 

The
Company leases space for offices under operating leases. The leasing contracts are valid for terms of years. 

Lease
Position 

Finance Leases 

Property, plants and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Current maturities of operating leases 

Current maturities of long-term finance leases 

Long-term liabilities 

Non-current operating leases 

Long-term finance leases 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 

Operating leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Finance leases 
 years 
 years 

Weighted
Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Lease
Costs 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of leased assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease cost 

Finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases 
 
 - 
 
 Finance leases 
 
 - 

Undiscounted
Cash Flows 

2024 

2025 

2026 
 
 - 
 
 2027 
 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 - 
 
 Total minimum lease payments 

Less: amount of lease payments representing interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less: Current leases obligations 

Long-term leases obligations 

- 
 
 Korea 

Israel 

U.S. 

Total 

As
consideration for the license, the Israeli Subsidiary will pay the following to THM: 

1) 
 A
 royalty of of net sales; 

2) 
 
 of all sublicensing fees received; 

3) 
 An
 annual license fee of thousand, which commenced on January 1, 2012 and shall be paid once every year thereafter. The annual fee
 is non-refundable, but it shall be paid each year against the royalty noted above, to the extent that such are payable, during that
 year; and 

4) 
 Milestone
 payments as follows: 

a. 
 
 thousand on the date of initiation of Phase I clinical trials in human subjects; 

b. 
 
 thousand on the date of initiation of Phase II clinical trials in human subjects; 

c. 
 
 thousand on the date of initiation of Phase III clinical trials in human subjects; 

d. 
 
 thousand on the date of initiation of issuance of an approval for marketing of the first product by the FDA; and 

e. 
 
 million when worldwide net sales of Products (as defined in the agreement) have reached the amount of million for the first
 time, (the Sales Milestone ). 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Israeli Subsidiary had not reached any of these milestones. 

In
the event of closing of an acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Israeli Subsidiary and/or consolidation
of the Israeli Subsidiary or the Company into or with another corporation Exit ), the THM shall be entitled to choose whether
to receive from the Israeli Subsidiary a one-time payment based, as applicable, on the value of either shares of common stock
of the Company at the time of the Exit or the value of shares of common stock of the Israeli Subsidiary at the time of the Exit. 

b.
 Department De La Gestion Financiere Direction De L analyse Financiere DGO6 

(1)
On November 17, 2014, the Belgian Subsidiary received the formal approval from the DGO6 for a Euro million million) support program
for the research and development of a potential cure for Type 1 Diabetes. The financial support was composed of Euro million 
of budgeted costs) grant for the industrial research part of the research program and a further recoverable advance of Euro thousand of budgeted costs) of the experimental development part of the research program. In December 2014, the Belgian Subsidiary received
advance payment of Euro million under the grant. The grants are subject to certain conditions with respect to the Belgian Subsidiary s
work in the Walloon Region. In addition, the DGO6 is also entitled to a royalty upon revenue being generated from any commercial application
of the technology. In 2017 the Company received by the DGO6 final approval for Euro million costs invested in the project out of
which Euro million funded by the DGO6. As of December 31, 2022, the Company repaid to the DGO6 a total amount of approximately 
thousand and amount of thousand was recorded in other payables. 

(2)
In April 2016, the Belgian Subsidiary received the formal approval from DGO6 for a Euro million million) support program for
the development of a potential cure for Type 1 Diabetes. The financial support was awarded to the Belgium Subsidiary as a recoverable
advance payment at of budgeted costs, or for a total of Euro thousand thousand). The grant will be paid over the project
period. The Belgian Subsidiary received advance payment of Euro thousand thousand). Up through December 31, 2022, an amount
of Euro thousand thousand) was recorded as deduction of research and development expenses and an amount of Euro thousand
was recorded as advance payments on account of grant. 

(3)
On October 8, 2016, the Belgian Subsidiary received the formal approval from the DGO6 for a Euro million million) support
program for the GMP production of AIP cells for two clinical trials that will be performed in Germany and Belgium. The project will be
conducted during a period of three years commencing January 1, 2017. The financial support is awarded to the Belgium subsidiary at 
of budgeted costs, a total of Euro million million). The grant will be paid over the project period. On December 19, 2016, the
Belgian Subsidiary received a first payment of Euro million million). As of December 31, 2022 the program is pending for extension
approval. 

In
December 2020, the Belgian Subsidiary received the formal approval from DGO6 for a Euro million million) support program for
research on Dermatitis Treatments and Wound Healing Using Cell Regenerative Technologies. The financial support was awarded to the Belgium
Subsidiary as a recoverable advance payment at of budgeted costs, or for a total of Euro million million). The grant will
be paid over the project period. The Belgian Subsidiary received advance payments of Euro thousand thousand) in 2020 and of
Euro thousand thousand) in 2021. The research program started in 2021. Up through December 31, 2022, an amount of Euro 
thousand thousand) was recorded in research and development expenses. 

c.
 Israel-U.S. Binational Industrial Research and Development Foundation BIRD 

On
September 9, 2015, the Israeli Subsidiary entered into a pharma Cooperation and Project Funding Agreement (CPFA) with BIRD and Pall Corporation,
a U.S. company. BIRD awarded a conditional grant of up to thousand each (according to terms defined in the agreement), for a joint
research and development project for the use of Autologous Insulin Producing (AIP) Cells for the Treatment of Diabetes (the Project ).
Company received a total of thousand under the grant. The project was completed in 2019. The grant is to be repaid at the rate of
 of gross sales generated from the Project. To date no sales have been generated. 

d.
 Korea-Israel Industrial Research and Development Foundation KORIL 

On
May 26, 2016, the Israeli Subsidiary and the Korean Subsidiary entered into a pharma Cooperation and Project Funding Agreement (CPFA)
with KORIL. KORIL will make a conditional grant of up to thousand to each company (according to terms defined in the agreement),
for a joint research and development project for the use of AIP Cells for the Treatment of Diabetes (the Project ). The
Project started on June 1, 2016. The project was completed in 2021. The grant is to be repaid at the yearly rate of of gross sales.
To date no sales have been generated. As of December 31, 2022, the Israeli Subsidiary and the Korean Subsidiary received thousand
under the grant. 

e.
 BIRD Secant 

On
July 30, 2018, Orgenesis Inc and OBI entered into a collaboration agreement with Secant Group LLC Secant ). Under the agreement,
Secant will engineer and prototype 3D scaffolds based on novel biomaterials and technologies involving bioresorbable polymer microparticles,
while OBI will provide expertise in cell coatings, cell production, process development and support services. Under the agreement, Orgenesis
is authorized to utilize the jointly developed technology for its autologous cell therapy platform, including its Autologous Insulin
Producing AIP cell technology for patients with Type 1 Diabetes, acute pancreatitis and other insulin deficient diseases.
In 2018, OBI entered into a Cooperation and Project Funding Agreement (CPFA) with the BIRD fund, which provided certain grant funding,
and Secant. 

As
of December 31, 2022, OBI had received a total amount of thousand under the grant and the project was completed. The grant is to
be repaid at the yearly rate of of gross sales. To date no sales have been generated. 

f.
 BG Negev Technologies and Applications BGN ). 

On
August 2, 2018, Company entered into a licensing agreement with BGN. According to the agreement, the Company was granted a worldwide,
royalty bearing, exclusive license to develop and commercialize a novel alginate scaffold technology for cell transplantation focused
on autoimmune diseases. 

On
November 25, 2018, the Company entered into a further licensing agreement with BGN. According to the agreement, the U.S. Subsidiary was
granted a worldwide, royalty bearing, exclusive license to develop and commercialize technology directed to RAFT modification of polysaccharides
and use of a bioreactor for supporting cell constructs. 

As
of December 31, 2022 no royalty incurring sales were made. 

In
January 2022, the Company terminated both of the licensing agreements with BGN effective April 26, 2022. 

g.
Sponsored Research and Exclusive License Agreement with Columbia University 

Effective
April 2, 2019, the Company and The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York, a New York corporation, Columbia entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement (the SRA whereby the Company will provide financial support for studying the
utility of serological tumor marker for tumor dynamics monitoring. 

Effective
April 2, 2019, the Company and Columbia entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the Columbia License Agreement whereby
Columbia granted to the Company an exclusive license to discover, develop, manufacture, sell, and otherwise distribute certain product
in the field of cancer therapy. In consideration of the licenses granted under the Columbia License Agreement, the Company shall pay
to Columbia (i) a royalty of of net sales of any product sold which incorporates a licensed Columbia patent and (ii) of net sales
of other products. In addition, the Company shall pay a flat thousand fee to Columbia upon the achievement of each regulatory milestone.
As of December 31, 2022, no royalty incurring sales were made. 

h.
Regents of the University of California 

In
December 2019, the Company and the Regents of the University of California University entered into a joint research agreement
in the field of therapies and processing technologies according to an agreed upon work plan. According to the agreement, the Company
will pay the University royalties of up to (or up to of sub-licensing sales) in the event of sales that includes certain types
of University owned IP. As of December 31, 2022, no royalty incurring sales were made. 

i.
Caerus Therapeutics Inc 

In
October 2019, the Company and Caerus Therapeutics Caerus ), a Virginia company, concluded a license agreement whereby Caerus
granted the Company an exclusive license to all Caerus IP relating to Advance Chemeric Antigen Vectors for Targeting Tumors for the development
and/or commercialization of certain licensed products. In consideration for the License granted to the Company under this Agreement,
the Company shall pay Caerus annual maintenance fees and royalties of sales of up to and up to of sub-license fees. As of December
31, 2022, no royalty incurring sales were made. 

j.
Tissue Genesis LLC 

Included
in the Koligo acquisition of 2020 were the assets of Tissue Genesis LLC. The Company is committed to paying the previous owners of Tissue
Genesis LLC or their assignees up to thousand upon the achievement of certain performance milestones and earn-out payments on future
sales provided that in no event will the aggregate of the earn-out payments exceed million. To date, no performance milestones have
been reached. 

k.
University of Louisville research foundation ULRF 

Koligo
had exclusively licensed patents and technology from the ULRF related to the revascularization and 3D printing of cell and tissue for
transplant ULRF licensed products ). The Company is committed to utilizing commercial reasonable efforts to achieving certain
milestones regarding the ULRF licensed products. Pursuant to the license, Company will pay ULRF royalties of of sales and certain
performance milestones. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Company paid thousand under its obligations. 

l.
Neuro-Immunotherapy Exclusive License Agreement 

During
the year ended 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement in the field of neuro-immunotherapy. Pursuant to the agreement,
the Company received an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable, royalty-bearing license of certain technology and patents for the purpose
of developing, manufacturing, using, and commercializing the licenced technology. Royalties of between and on royalty-bearing
sales are payable for up to years from the date of first sale in any country in which licensed products are sold, and sublicense fees
are payable at the rate of on sublicense income (but no less than two percent of sublicenses net sales). Pursuant to
the agreement, the Company is required to invest within thirty-six months of the effective date an aggregate amount of at least
 million in its efforts to develop the licensed technology. In 2023, the Company terminated this license agreement. 

m.
Savicell 

During
2021, the Company and Savicell Ltd Savicell entered into a collaboration agreement (the Savicell Agreement to collaborate in the evaluation, continued development, validation, and use of Savicell s platform designed for the early detection
and diagnosis of diseases and conditions and for quality control and monitoring purposes, in conjunction with the Company s systems.
Pursuant to the Savicell Agreement, the Company will provide to Savicell funding for the performance of certain tasks agreed upon by
the parties in a work plan. In consideration for such funding, Savicell will supply the Company with products developed under the Savicell
Agreement at preferential rates and grant to the Company a worldwide exclusive licence to sell such products in the Company s point-of-care
network of hospitals, clinics and institutions for quality control and monitoring of manufacturing and processing of autologous immune
cells manipulated by cell and gene therapies. The Company will be required to pay a royalty for all gross sales of such products
developed under the Savicell Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, no royalty incurring sales were made. 

n.
Stromatis Pharma 

During
2021, the Company and Stromatis Pharma Inc. Stromatis entered into a Collaboration and Sublicense Agreement (the Stromatis
Agreement to collaborate in refining methods for GMP manufacturing of CAR-T/CAR-NK CT109; and the development and validation
of the Stromatis technology as it relates to the CAR-T/CAR-NK CT109 antibody up to and inclusive of filing of Investigational New Drug
Application relating to Stromatis CAR-T/CAR-NK CT109 antibody Licensed Product ), in accordance with the agreed
project plan Project ). The Company will fund the Project by providing Stromatis an amount of million such funding
to be provided based on approved projects. Stromatis will grant the Company certain perpetual, irrevocable royalty free and fully paid-up
exclusive rights to manufacture, process and supply the Licensed Product Manufacturing Rights and perpetual, irrevocable,
royalty bearing exclusive rights to market and sell and offer for sale the Licensed Product within the Company s point of care
network Marketing Rights ). As of December 31, 2022, no royalty incurring sales were made. 

Stromatis
has the option to convert the exclusive Manufacturing Rights to non-exclusive rights subject to repayment by Stromatis of an amount equal
to funding provided by the Company and an additional payment by Stromatis of an ongoing revenue share of five percent of revenues
of any kind received by Stromatis or its affiliates from the sale or transfer of Licensed Products or license of rights under the licensed
technology in relation to the Licensed Products. The Company shall pay Stromatis in consideration for the Marketing Rights and royalties
equal to of net revenues of Licensed Products received by the Company. The Company advanced to Stromatis an initial sum of thousand
under the Stromatis Agreement, which was recorded as Cost of revenues, development services and research and development expenses. 

o.
Helmholtz Zentrum M nchen Deutsches Forschungszentrum f r Gesundheit und Umwelt (GmbH)) HMGU )- 

During
2021, HMGU granted an exclusive licence under HGMU owned patent rights and non-exclusive license under HGMU know how and licensed materials,
to the Company in the field of certain human stem cells. In addition, payments will be due by the Company upon certain milestones. The
agreement also includes payment of royalties of between and on net sales of licensed product (with a minimum annual royalty of
Euro , creditable against royalties on net sales incurred during such contract year) and in service revenues and payment of
between and on sublicense revenues. 

p.
License and research agreement with Yeda Research and Development Company Limited 

On
January 25, 2022, the Company and Yeda Research and Development Company Limited Yeda ), an Israeli company, entered into
a license and research agreement. Pursuant to the agreement, Yeda granted to the Company an exclusive, worldwide royalty bearing license
to certain licensed information and the licensed patents, for the development, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sale and import of products
in the field of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) and Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell immunotherapy platforms (excluding CAR-Cytokine
Induced Killer cell immunotherapy). The Company undertook to make commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize products
in the field and to achieve certain milestones. In consideration for the grant of the License, the Company shall pay Yeda: 

1. 
 A
 non-refundable annual license fee of thousand; 

2. 
 Royalties
 of up to on net sales of licensed products; 

3. 

4. 
 Milestone
 Events payments: 

a. 
 
 thousand upon the dosing of a first patient in a Phase I Clinical Trial; 

b. 
 
 thousand upon the receipt of FDA marketing approval in respect of a product; 

c. 
 
 thousand upon receipt of marketing approval from a non-FDA regulatory agency in a major market territory (namely, a regulatory agency
 in Europe, Japan, China or Canada); 

d. 
 
 thousand upon receipt of marketing approval from an additional non-FDA major regulatory agency (namely, a regulatory agency in Europe,
 Japan, China or Canada); 

5. 
 Patent
 fees already incurred by Yeda in connection with the Licensed Patents and all future costs and fees relating to the filing, prosecution,
 and maintenance of the Licensed Patents; and 

6. 
 Research
 related expenses based on a budget to be agreed upon. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company recognized thousand as expenses under this contract. 

q.
European Innovation Council and SMEs Executive Agency EISMEA 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Dutch Subsidiary, together with a consortium of other entities Consortium and
EISMEA entered into a grant funding agreement for the funding of the development of an artificial intelligence guided microfluidic
device that standardizes the GMP production of autologous induced pluripotent stem cells (iSPSCs) at greatly reduced costs iPSC project ). The total grant amount is Euro 
million of which the Dutch subsidiary is eligible to receive up to Euro 
million. The project started on September 1, 2022 and is expected to end on August 31, 2026. The Dutch subsidiary is the consortium
leader for the iPSC project. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the subsidiary received initial working capital in the amount
of Euro 
million of which Euro 
million was received on behalf of the other members of the Consortium and recorded in restricted cash, and Euro 
thousand for the use of the subsidiary as per the grant agreement. As at December 31, 2022, the restricted cash related to the iPSC
project was 
thousand. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized grant income of 
thousand which was offset against research and development expenses. 

b.
Johns Hopkins University 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company and Johns Hopkins University entered into a sublease and construction agreement for the
establishment of a clinical therapeutic development and point of care center in Maryland of approximately rentable square feet.
Pursuant to the agreement, the Company will pay for certain leasehold improvements in the premises according to plans and specifications
to be agreed upon. The Company advanced thousand for this purpose. The costs of the leasehold improvements will be offset by up
to million pursuant to a grant from the Board of Public Works of the State of Maryland to Johns Hopkins University. The annual base
rent is initially thousand per year, increasing to thousand per year over the -year initial lease term. The Company has an
option to renew the sublease for two additional periods of five years each under the same terms and conditions. The Company is expected
to gain occupancy of the premises during the fourth quarter of 2024. 

c.
Joint Venture Agreements 

The
Company has entered into joint venture agreements JVAs with its joint venture partners (Company and partner are referred
to as Parties to facilitate the collaboration in the field of CGT. During 2022, the Company and / or JV partner continued
the POCare Network expansion in each of the territories as relevant. The provisos and the table below summarize the major joint venture
agreements. CGT and POCare activities covered by the JVAs include the development, marketing, clinical development, and commercialization
of the Company s and / or partner s products within defined territories. The extent of the collaboration is set out in each
agreement. 

Unless
otherwise stated in the table below the JVAs include the following provisos Provisos ): 

1. 
 The
 incorporation of a joint venture entity JVE in which the Company or an assignee will hold between and of
 the equity. 
 
 2. 
 The
 JV partner will manage the joint venture activities until the JVE is incorporated. 
 
 3. 
 The
 JVE will be managed by a steering committee consisting of 3 members which will act as the entity s board of directors. The
 Company or assignee is entitled to appoint 1 member, the partner is entitled to appoint 1 member, and Company or assignee and partner
 will jointly appoint the third member. 
 
 4. 
 The
 Company has the right to exercise a call option to acquire the JV partner s share in the JVE based on the occurrence of certain
 events and according to an agreed upon mechanism. 
 
 5. 
 The
 funding of the parties investment in the joint venture share may be made in the form of cash investment and / or in-kind services.
 The Company s or its assignee s cash investment may be in the form of additional shares, a convertible loan, and/or procured
 services. 
 
 6. 
 Each
 of the Parties may agree to provide additional funding to the JVE to cover the operation costs and such additional funding may be
 in the form of in-kind contributions. The Company s or its assignee s investments may be made in the form of a cash investment
 for additional shares, a convertible loan, and/or procured services. Procured services refer to certain services that the Company
 or assignee has engaged the partner or the JVE to provide the Company or assignee with, in support of Company s or its assignee s
 activity. All results of these procured services shall be owned by Company or its assignee, as relevant. 
 
 7. 
 As
 appropriate, the parties will grant to the JVE an exclusive or nonexclusive, sublicensable, royalty-bearing, right and license to
 the relevant party s background IP as required solely to manufacture, distribute and market and sell the party s products
 within the defined territory. Each party shall receive royalties in an amount of ten percent of the net sales generated by
 the JVE and/or its sublicensees with respect to the sale of such parties products. 
 
 8. 
 Once
 the JVE is profitable, under certain circumstances, the Company will be entitled (in addition to any of its rights as the holder
 of the JVE) to an additional share of fifteen percent of the JVE s GAAP profit after tax, over and above all rights granted
 pursuant to Company s participating interest in the JVE. 
 
 9. 
 Unless
 otherwise stated, the relevant JVE had not been incorporated by December 31, 2022. 

Name
 of party (and country of origin) 
 
 Territory 
 
 Notes 
 
 Theracell
 Advanced Biotechnology SA (Greece) and / or its related parties 
 
 European
 Union, Israel, Australia 
 
 (1)
 (5) (11) 
 
 Broaden
 Bioscience and Technology Corp (USA) 
 
 Certain
 projects in China and the Middle East 
 
 (5)
 (11) 
 
 Mircod
 LLC (US) 
 
 Russia
 (No POCare activities have taken place to date) 
 
 (2) 
 
 Image
 Securities FZC (UAE) 
 
 India
 and European Union 
 
 (3)
 (5) (11) 
 
 Cure
 Therapeutics (Korea) 
 
 South
 Korea, Australia and Japan 
 
 (5)
 (11) 
 
 Kidney
 Cure Ltd (Israel) 
 
 N
 / A 
 
 (4) 
 
 Educell
 D.O.O 
 (Slovenia) 
 
 Croatia,
 Serbia and Slovenia 
 
 (6) 
 
 Med
 Centre for Gene and Cell Therapy FZ-LLC 
 (UAE) 
 
 European
 Union and United Arab Emirates 
 
 (5)
 (11) 
 
 First
 Choice International Company, Inc (USA) 
 
 Panama
 and certain other Latin American countries 
 
 (7) 
 
 SBH
 Sciences Inc (USA) 
 
 N
 / A 
 
 (8) 
 
 Revitas
 SA (Belgium) 
 
 N
 / A 
 
 (9) 
 
 Deep
 Med IO Ltd. (UK) 
 
 N
 / A 
 
 (10) 

(1) 
 The
 Theracell JVE was incorporated in Greece under the name of Theracell Laboratories Private Company Theracell Laboratories ).
 (See Note 13). In November 2021, the Company loaned approximately thousand to Theracell which was repaid during 2022. The Company
 also loaned approximately thousand as part of its obligations under the JVA to Theracell Laboratories. The -year loan bears
 interest at the annual rate of . 

(2) 
 Under
 the Mircod JVA, provisos 7 and 8 do not apply. According to the Mircod JVA, subject to payment by the Company of the contribution
 amount, the JVA will grant Company an exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free and fully paid up and sublicensable license
 to use the Project IP for research and development and for the manufacturing, processing, supplying, and use of products based on
 point of care manufacturing and/or processing of treatments for patients and for use in hospitals, medical centers and academic institution
 settings solely outside the territory. In order for the Company to fulfil its obligations pursuant to proviso 6, the Parties concluded
 a convertible loan agreement pursuant to which Company shall lend to Mircod Biotech Inc up to million. Mircod Biotech Inc., performs
 technological development work ordered by Company. The loan bears simple interest in the amount of annually. During 2021 and 2022,
 the Company had transferred thousand and thousand respectively under the loan agreement. The Company recorded the loan
 amounts as research and development expenses under ASC 730. As of December 31, 2022, the technological development work had not been
 completed. 

(3) 
 On
 August 24, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible loan agreement with Image whereby, pursuant to the terms of the Image joint
 venture agreement, the Company agreed to loan Image up to 
 million. The loan bears interest at the rate of .
 The Company and Image have agreed to extend the maturity date of the loan to December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the
 loan agreement was 
 million, and this has been reflected as a short-term asset on the Company s balance sheet. 

(4) 
 The
 Kidney Cure JVE was incorporated in Switzerland under the name of Butterfly Biosciences Sarl BB (See Note 13). The
 Company recorded the expenses paid to BB as research and development expenses under ASC 730. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
 development activities continued. 

(5) 
 During
 December 2022 the Company and the relevant joint venture partners agreed to replace the relevant JVAs to reflect updated partners 
 responsibilities and amend certain terms relating to future licence agreements and conversion mechanisms. In addition, it was agreed
 that Proviso 8 will be removed from these JVAs. 

(6) 
 During
 2021, the Company and Educell entered into a convertible loan agreement whereby the Company, pursuant to its obligations under the
 JVA, agreed to loan up to million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had transferred thousand under the loan agreement.
 The Company recorded the loan amounts as research and development expenses under ASC 730. The loan bears interest at the annual rate
 of and is repayable after years. At Company s election, the loan is convertible into equity of borrower, or JVE entity
 if incorporated, at a valuation to be determined by an independent third party. 

(7) 
 Under
 the First Choice JVA, each party shall, subject to fulfilment of the party s JVA, grant the Panama JV Entity an exclusive license
 to certain intellectual property of the part to develop and commercialize such party s products in the defined territory, subject
 to minimum sales obligations. In consideration of such license, the Panama JV shall pay the relevant party royalties at the rate
 of of the Panama JVE net sales of such party s products sold in the defined territory. The First Choice JVE will be managed
 by a steering committee consisting of 5 members which will act as the entity s board of directors. Each of the Parties is entitled
 to appoint 2 members, and Company and partner will jointly appoint the fifth member. Under the First Choice JVA, provisos 5,6,7 and
 8 do not apply. There was no material activity under the First Choice JVA during 2022. 

(8) 
 Pursuant
 to the SBH JVA the parties will collaborate in the field of gene and cell therapy development, process and services of bio-exosome
 therapy products and services in the areas of diabetes, liver cells and skin applications, including wound healing. According to
 the JVA, the board of directors of the SBH JVE shall be comprised of three directors with one appointed by SBH and two appointed
 by the Company. Provisos 7 and 8 do not apply to the SBH JVA. There was no material activity under the SBH JVA during 2022. 

(9) 
 The
 Revitas JVE was incorporated in Belgium under the name of RevaCel Srl during 2021 (See Note 13). The Company holds of the share
 capital of RevaCel and has the right to appoint two members to the RevaCel board of directors. The Company s partner, Revatis
 SA, (a Belgian entity) holds the remaining and has the right to appoint two members to the Revacel board of directors. The fifth
 RevaCel board member will be an independent industry expert appointed with the mutual agreement of the Company and Revatis SA. The
 Company recorded the expenses paid to Revitas and RevaCel under the JVA as research and development expenses under ASC 730. As part
 of the Company s agreement with Revatis under the Revatis joint venture agreement, the Company agreed to loan Revacel up to
 million Euro at an annual interest rate of . The loan is repayable in January 2025, and if not repaid, may be converted into
 shares of Revacel. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company had not made any transfers under the Revacel loan
 and there was no material activity under the SBH JVA during 2022. 

(10) 
 In
 November 2021, Deep Med IO Ltd Deep Med and Company entered into a JVA. The Parties agreed to collaborate in the
 development and commercialization of an AI-powered system to be used in the manufacturing and/or quality control of CGTs. The Company
 has the right to finance its activities under the Deep Med JVA by procuring services, advancing funds under a convertible loan agreement,
 or by an equity investment. The Deep Med convertible loan bears interest at the annual rate of and is repayable after years.
 The Company has the right to convert its holdings under the loan into shares of Deep Med, or into shares of the Deep Med JV entity
 once established. Development work under the Deep Med JVA has continued according to the work plan agreed upon between the Company
 and Deep Med. During twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company transferred million to Deep Med as part of its commitment
 under the Deep Med JVA. The Company recorded the amounts paid to Deep Med under the Deep Med JVA as research and development expenses
 under ASC 730. 

(11) 
 In
 January 2023, the Company assigned certain rights and obligations under the JVAs to Texas Advanced Therapies LLC, a Delaware Limited
 Liability company Texas AT not related to the Company. Texas AT will receive the Company s option to require
 the incorporation of the JV Entity, Company s share in the JV Entity if and when the latter are incorporated, an option to
 invest additional funding in the JV Entity, and board and veto rights on certain critical decisions in the JV Entity. The Company
 has retained the call option to acquire the JV partner s share in the JVE, to receive a royalty and a right to conclude the
 Manufacturing and Service Agreement with the JV entity. Proviso 8 has been removed from these JVAs. The Company has no obligation
 to provide any additional funding to the JV entities. 

participating interest in TLABS. Until December 31,
2022, due to the Company s significant influence over the JVE the Company applied the equity method of accounting. On December
31, 2022, the shareholders of Theracell Laboratories agreed to a change in the composition of the board of directors thus giving the
Company effective control of Theracell Laboratories. See note 4. 

Business
combination 

Prepaid expenses and other receivables 

Orgenesis Accounts Receivable 

Other long-term assets 

Property, plants and equipment, net 

Investments in associates, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Advanced payment for Accounts payable 

Total assets 

Total liabilities: 

Operating leases 

Orgenesis loan 

Other payable 

Total liabilities 

Total Net Liabilities 

Non-controlling interests (50 
 ,353 
 
 Total Net Liabilities (50 

b.
Butterfly Biosciences Sarl 

During
2020, the Company and Kidney Cure KC ), pursuant to the Kidney Cure JVA (See Note 11) incorporated the KC JV Entity known
as Butterfly Biosciences Sarl BB in Switzerland. BB will be involved in the (i) implementation of a point-of-care strategy;
(ii) assessment of the options for development and manufacture of various cell-based types (including kidney derived cells, MSC cells,
exosomes, gene therapies) development; and (iii) development of protocols and tests for kidney therapies. The Company holds a participating
interest in BB and Kidney Cure holds the remaining . Due to the Company s significant influence over the JVE the Company applies
the equity method of accounting. 

c.
RevaCel 

During
2021, the Company and Revatis S.A Revatis ), pursuant to the Revatis JVA (See Note 11) incorporated the Revatis JV Entity
known as RevaCel Srl RevaCel in Belgium. RevaCel will develop products in the field of muscle-derived mesenchymal stem/progenitor
cells. The Company holds a participating interest in RevaCel and Revatis holds the remaining and is entitled to appoint 2 of
the 5 members of RevaCel s board. Due to the Company s significant influence over the JVE, the Company applies the equity
method of accounting and is treated as an associated company. As part of the Revatis JVA, the Company and Revacel, the Company agreed
to loan Revacel up to million Euro at an annual interest rate of . The loan is repayable in January 2025, and if not repaid, may
be converted into shares of Revacel. As of the date of this annual report on Form 10-k, the Company had not made any transfers under
the Revacel loan. 

The
table below sets forth a summary of the changes in the investments and loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Investments during the period 
 - 

Loan to granted associates 

Business Combinations 
 
 - 
 
 Interest from loans to associates 

Share in net loss of associated companies 

Exchange rate differences 

Total 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Net loss per share 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, all outstanding convertible notes, options and warrants have been excluded from
the calculation of the diluted net loss per share since their effect was anti-dilutive. Diluted loss per share does not include 
shares underlying outstanding options and warrants and shares upon conversion of convertible loans for the year ended December
31, 2022, because the effect of their inclusion in the computation would be anti-dilutive. Diluted loss per share does not include 
shares underlying outstanding options and warrants and shares upon conversion of convertible loans for the year ended December
31, 2021, because the effect of their inclusion in the computation would be antidilutive. 

shares of the Company s common stock, which may be issued at the discretion of the Company s
board of directors from time to time. Under this Plan, each option is exercisable into one share of common stock of the Company. The
options may be exercised after vesting and in accordance with the vesting schedule that will be determined by the Company s board
of directors for each grant. The maximum contractual life term of the options is years. As of December 31, 2022, total options granted
under this plan are and the total options that are available for grants under this plan are . 

On
May 23, 2012, the Company s board of directors adopted the Global Share Incentive Plan 2012 (the 2012 Plan under
which, the Company had reserved a pool of shares of the Company s common stock, which may be issued at the discretion
of the Company s board of directors from time to time. Under this plan, each option is exercisable into one share of common stock
of the Company. The options may be exercised after vesting and in accordance with the vesting schedule that will be determined by the
Company s board of directors for each grant. The maximum contractual life term of the options is years. As of December 31, 2022,
total options granted under this plan are and the total options that are available for grants under this plan are . 

b.
Options Granted to Employees and Directors 

- 
 Quarterly over a period of 
 
 years 

Directors 
 December 31, 2022 

years 

Employees 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 Quarterly over a period of 
 
 years 

Directors 
 December 31,2021 

years 

The
fair value of each stock option grant is estimated at the date of grant using a Black Scholes option pricing model. The volatility is
based on historical volatility of the Company, by statistical analysis of the weekly share price for past periods based on expected term.
The expected option term is calculated using the simplified method , as the Company concludes that its historical share option
exercise experience does not provide a reasonable basis to estimate its expected option term. The fair value of each option grant is
based on the following assumptions: 

 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

Expected stock price volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 - 
 - 

Changes during the period: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Forfeited 

Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options outstanding at end of the period 

Options exercisable at end of the period 

thousand from the exercise of employee options for the purchase of shares of
the Company s Common Stock at a weighted average price of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received
 thousand from the exercise of employee options for the purchase of shares of the Company s Common Stock at a weighted
average price of . 

- 

- 
 - 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Costs
incurred with respect to stock-based compensation for employees and directors for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 were thousand and thousand, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was thousand of unrecognized compensation
costs related to non-vested employees and directors stock options, to be recorded over the next years. 

c.
Options Granted to Consultants and service providers 

Quarterly over a period of two years 
 
 years 
 
 Non-employees 
 2021 

Quarterly over a period of two years 
 
 years 

The
fair value of options granted during 2022 and
 2021 to consultants and service providers, was computed using the Black-Scholes model. The
fair value of each stock option grant is estimated at the date of grant using a Black Scholes option pricing model. The volatility is
based on historical volatility of the Company, by statistical analysis of the weekly share price for past periods based on the expected
term period, the expected term is the contractual term of each grant. The underlying data used
for computing the fair value of the options are as follows: 

Dividend yield 

Expected stock price volatility 

Risk free interest rate 
 - 

Expected term (years) 

Changes during the year: 

Granted 

Expired 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options outstanding at end of the year 

Options exercisable at end of the year 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Costs
incurred with respect to options granted to consultants and service providers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 were thousand and thousand, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was thousands of unrecognized compensation
costs related to non-vested consultants and service providers, to be recorded over the next years. 

d.
Warrants and Shares Issued to Non-Employees 

The
fair value of Common Stock issued was the share price of the shares issued at the day of grant. 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a service provider. 

. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has an accumulated tax loss carryforward of approximately million (as of December 31, 2021, approximately
 million). 

For
U.S. federal income tax purposes, net operating losses NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code limits the ability to utilize NOL carryforwards to 80 of taxable
income in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020. In addition, NOLs arising in tax years ending after December 31, 2017 can be carried
forward indefinitely, but carryback is generally prohibited. NOLs generated in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018 will not be
subject to the taxable income limitation, and NOLs generated in tax years ending before January 1, 2018 will continue to have a two-year
carryback and twenty-year carryforward period. Deferred tax assets for NOLs will need to be measured at the applicable tax rate in effect
when the NOL is expected to be utilized. The changes in the carryforward/carryback periods as well as the new limitation on use of NOLs
may significantly impact the Company s valuation allowance assessments for NOLs generated after December 31, 2017. 

In
addition, utilization of the NOLs may be subject to substantial annual limitation under Section 382 of the Code due to an ownership
change within the meaning of Section 382(g) of the Code. An ownership change subjects pre-ownership change NOL carryforwards to
an annual limitation, which significantly restricts the ability to use them to offset taxable income in periods following the ownership
change. In general, the annual use limitation equals the aggregate value of the Company s stock at the time of the ownership change
multiplied by a specified tax-exempt interest rate. 

b.
Corporate taxation in Israel 

The
Israeli Subsidiaries are taxed in accordance with Israeli tax laws. The corporate tax rate applicable to 2022 and 2021 are . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Israeli Subsidiaries has an accumulated tax loss carryforward of approximately million (as of December
31, 2021, approximately million). Under the Israeli tax laws, carryforward tax losses have no expiration date. 

c.
Corporate taxation in Belgium 

The
Belgian Subsidiaries are taxed according to Belgian tax laws. The corporate tax rates applicable to 2022, 2021 are . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Belgian Subsidiary has an accumulated tax loss carryforward of approximately million million),
(as of December 31, 2021 million). Under the Belgian tax laws there are limitation on accumulated tax loss carryforward deductions
of Euro million per year. 

d.
Corporate taxation in Korea 

The
basic Korean corporate tax rates are currently: on the first KRW million of the tax base, up to KRW billion, up to
KRW billion and for tax base above KRW billion. In addition, the local income tax rate is on the first KRW million
of taxable income, on taxable income over KRW million up to KRW billion, of taxable income over KRW billion up to 
billion and on taxable income over KRW billion. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Korean subsidiary has an accumulated tax loss carryforward of approximately million (KRW million),
(as of December 31, 2021, approximately million). Under the Korean tax laws accumulated tax loss can be carry forwarded for . 

e.
Deferred Taxes 

Research and development expenses 

Equity compensation 

Employee benefits 

Property, plants and equipment 

Leases asset 

Lease liability 

Loans 

Partnership Investment 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets 

Other 

Deferred tax assets gross 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 

Realization
of deferred tax assets is contingent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and
carry forwards losses are expected to be available to reduce taxable income. As the achievement of required future taxable income is
not considered more likely than not achievable, the Company and all its subsidiaries except the OBI Subsidiary have recorded full
valuation allowance. 

Change during the year 

Balance at end of year 

f.
Reconciliation of the Theoretical Tax Expense to Actual Tax Expense 

The
main reconciling item between the statutory tax rate of the Company and the effective rate is the provision for valuation allowance with
respect to tax benefits from carry forward tax losses. 

g.
Uncertain Tax Provisions 

ASC
Topic 740, Income Taxes requires significant judgment in determining what constitutes an individual tax position as well
as assessing the outcome of each tax position. Changes in judgment as to recognition or measurement of tax positions can materially affect
the estimate of the effective tax rate and consequently, affect the operating results of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
has not accrued a provision for uncertain tax positions. 

Cell process development services and hospital services 

POCare cell processing 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Customer B (United States) 

Customer C (United Arab Emirates) 

Customer D (Korea) 

Contract
Assets and Liabilities 

Contract
assets are mainly comprised of accounts receivable net of allowance for doubtful debts, which includes amounts billed and currently due
from customers. 

Business combination TLABS 
 
 - 
 
 Additions 

Collections 

Exchange rate differences 

Ceased to be a related party 
 
 - 
 
 Balance as of end of period 

The
activity of the related party included in the accounts receivable activity above is comprised of: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Balance as of beginning of period 

Additions 

Collections 

Ceased to be a related party 
 
 - 
 
 Balance as of end of period 
 - 

Additions 
 
 - 
 
 Balance as of end of period 

Stock-based compensation 

Subcontracting, professional and consulting services 

Lab expenses 

Depreciation expenses, net 

Other research and development expenses 

Less grant 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Foreign exchange loss, net 

Other expense (income) 

Total 

Stock-based compensation expenses to Board Members 

Compensation of executive officers 

Management and consulting fees to Board Members 

Revenues from customer 

Financial income 

b.
Related Parties presented in the consolidated balance sheets 

Non-executive directors payable 

Loan to Related Party 
 - 

Accounts receivable, net 
 - 

(the NewTech Loan Amount ), and (ii) a convertible loan
agreement (the Malik Convertible Loan Agreement , together with the NewTech Convertible Loan Agreement, the Convertible
Loan Agreements with Ariel Malik (the Malik Lender , together with the NewTech Lender, the Lenders ),
pursuant to which the Malik Lender loaned the Company (the Malik Loan Amount , together with the NewTech Loan
Amount, the Loan Amount ). 

The
terms of the NewTech Convertible Loan Agreement and the Malik Loan Agreement are identical. Interest is calculated at per annum (based
on a 365-day year); provided, that if an Event of Default (as defined in the Convertible Loan Agreements) has occurred and is continuing,
 per share Common Stock ), of the Company on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the Maturity
Date ). The Maturity Date may be extended by the Lender upon the written consent of the Lender. The Outstanding Amount may be prepaid
by the Company in whole or in part at any time with the prior approval of the Lender. 

At
any time prior to or on the Maturity Date, any Lender may provide the Company with written notice to convert all or part of the Outstanding
Amount into shares of the Company s Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Outstanding Amount by (y) a
price equal to per share (subject to adjustment for certain capital events, such as stock splits) (the Conversion Price ). 

Under
the terms of the Convertible Loan Agreements, the Company will use the proceeds from the Loan Amount to (i) redeem the loan amount referred
to in note 9 (a) between the Company and the lender, and (ii) for general corporate purposes. The entire loan amount and accrued
interest was repaid in January 2023. 

The
Company also agreed to issue the NewTech Lender warrants representing the right to purchase shares of the Company s Common
Stock, at an exercise price of per share and the Malik Lender warrants representing the right to purchase shares of the
Company s Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share. Such Warrants will be exercisable at any time beginning six months
and one day after closing and ending 36 months after the closing date. 

b) Securities Purchase Agreement and Warrants 

On
February 23, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors relating
to the issuance and sale of shares of common stock, par value per share and warrants to purchase up to shares
of Common Stock at a purchase price of per share of Common Stock and accompanying Warrants in a registered direct offering. The
offering closed on February 27, 2023 and the Company received approximately million, before deducting the placement agent s
cash fee equal to of the proceeds. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital and general corporate
purposes, including the Company s therapy related activities. 

In addition, the plaintiffs seek that the defendants provide financial statements and pay NIS 10 million to the plaintiffs
due to the royalty provisions of the license agreement, dated February 2, 2012, between the Israeli Subsidiary and Tel Hashomer Medical
Research, Infrastructure and Services Ltd. (the License Agreement ). The Complaint alleges that the Company and the Israeli
Subsidiary used know-how and technology of Sheba and know-how and technology either developed or supervised by Prof. Ferber while employed
by Sheba in the field of cell therapy, including in the category of the point-of-care platform and the services and products in relation
to the defendants CDMO activity and are entitled to the payment of certain royalties pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement.
The defendants have filed their statements of defense responding to this Complaint. The Company believes that the allegations in this
Complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself against the claims. Since a material loss is not considered probable,
no provision was made in the financial statements. 

Except as described above, the Company is not involved
in any pending material legal proceedings. 

F- 50 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 List
of Subsidiaries 

Orgenesis
 Korea Co. Ltd. 
 
 Orgenesis
 Belgium SRL 
 
 Orgenesis
 Services SRL 
 
 Orgenesis
 Ltd. 
 
 Orgenesis
 Maryland LLC 
 
 Orgenesis
 Switzerland Sarl 
 
 Orgenesis
 Biotech Israel Ltd 
 
 Koligo
 Therapeutics Inc. 
 
 Tissue
 Genesis International LLC 
 
 Orgenesis
 Germany GmbH 
 
 Orgenesis
 CA, Inc 
 
 Mida
 Biotech BV 
 
 Orgenesis
 Australia PTY LTD 
 
 Orgenesis
 Italy SRL 
 
 Theracell
 Laboratories Private Company 
 
 Morgenesis
 LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-237261, 333-250127 and 333-254806)
and S-8 (No. 333-242195) of Orgenesis Inc. of our report dated March 22, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements, which
appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Kesselman Kesselman 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited 

Tel
Aviv, Israel 

 March
22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CEO
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Vered Caplan, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Orgenesis Inc.; 
 
 2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 
 
 4. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Vered Caplan 

Name: 
 Vered
 Caplan 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CFO
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Neil Reithinger, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Orgenesis Inc.; 
 
 2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 
 
 4. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Neil Reithinger 

Name: 
 Neil
 Reithinger 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Orgenesis Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and
on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to her knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Company. 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Vered Caplan 

Name: 
 Vered
 Caplan 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

ORGENESIS
INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Orgenesis Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and
on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Company. 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Neil Reithinger 

Name: 
 Neil
 Reithinger 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 orgs-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 orgs-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 orgs-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 orgs-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

