<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1845368_0001140361-23-014608.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5366671</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>438934</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>948680</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1258329</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1451786</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1069094</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-014608.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329214345
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-014608
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HCM Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001845368
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981581263
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41241
		FILM NUMBER:		23776958

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 FIRST STAMFORD PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 330
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2039302202

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 FIRST STAMFORD PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 330
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-014608.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 brhc10047334_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

 , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: )

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act : 

None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
 the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
 Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
 the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
 standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
 under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
 registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
 compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The Registrant s shares were not listed on any exchange and had no value as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of 2021. The registrant s units
 begin trading on The Nasdaq Global Market on January 21, 2022 and the registrant s Class A ordinary shares and warrants began trading on The Nasdaq Global Market on March 14, 2022 . The aggregate market value of
 the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, at March 29, 2023 was . 

At March 29, 2023, there were 
 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, of the
 Registrant issued and outstanding.

Table of Contents

Page

PART I

1

Item 1.

Business 

1

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

22 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments. 

55

Item 2.

Properties. 

55

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings. 

55 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

55 

PART II

56 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

56 

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

57 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

57 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

61 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

61 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

78 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures. 

78 

Item 9B.

Other Information. 

78 

Item 9C.

Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

78 

PART III

79 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

79 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation. 

86 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

87 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

89 

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

90

PART IV

92 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

92 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS

References to the Company, our, us or we refer to HCM Acquisition Corp, a blank check company incorporated on February 5, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to our Sponsor refer to HCM
 Investor Holdings, LLC. References to our Public Offering refer to the initial public offering of HCM Acquisition Corp, which closed on January 25, 2022 (the Closing ).

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking
 statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of performance. They involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause the actual
 results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. Such statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate
 strictly to historical or current facts. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, strive, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. When the Company discusses its strategies or plans, it is
 making projections, forecasts or forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the beliefs of, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results and shareholders value will
 be affected by a variety of risks and factors, including, without limitation, international, national and local economic conditions, merger, acquisition and Business Combination risks, financing risks, geo-political risks, acts of terror or war,
 and those risk factors described under Item 1A. Risk Factors. Many of the risks and factors that will determine these results and shareholders value are beyond the Company s ability to control or predict.

All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any
 forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law. All subsequent
 written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety by this Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business Introduction 

We are a blank check company incorporated on February 5, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
 or similar business combination with one or more businesses or business entities, which we refer to as our initial business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities,
 we are a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash.

Our executive offices are located at 100 First Stamford Place, Suite 330, Stamford, CT 06902 and our telephone number is (203) 930-2200. Our corporate website address is www.hcmacquisition.com. Our website and the
 information contained on, or that can be access through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should not rely on such information in making your decision
 whether to invest in our securities.

On February 10, 2021, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. On January 5, 2022,
 we effected a share capitalization in which our Sponsor was issued an additional 2,875,000 ordinary shares so that our Sponsor owned an aggregate of 10,062,500 Founder Shares. At December 31, 2021, our Sponsor (the Initial Shareholder held,
 collectively, 10,062,500 Founder Shares.

At Closing, we consummated an initial public offering of 28,750,000 units (the Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit generating gross proceeds of 293,250,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses (the Public
 Offering ). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (a Class A Ordinary Share of the Company at 0.0001 par value and one-half of one redeemable warrant (a Warrant ). Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A
 Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per share. Only whole Warrants may be exercised and no fractional Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants may be traded. Prior to Closing, we completed the private sale (the
 Private Placement of an aggregate of 13,000,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), to our Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor Fitzgerald at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross
 proceeds to the Company of 13,000,000. The Warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from Closing, and will expire five years after the completion of the Business
 Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Alternatively, if we do not complete a Business Combination within 15 months after Closing, the Warrants will expire at the end of such period.

We received gross proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants of 287,500,000 and 13,000,000, respectively, for an aggregate of 300,500,000. 293,250,000 of the gross proceeds
 were deposited in a Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company (the Trust Account ). At Closing, the remaining 7,250,000 was held outside of the Trust Account, of which 5,000,000 was used to pay underwriting discounts and
 2,250,000 was used to pay accrued offering and formation costs, business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. In the future, a portion of interest income on the funds
 held in the Trust Account may be released to us to pay tax obligations.

On March 11, 2022, we announced that the holders of our Units may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and Warrants included in the Units commencing on March 14, 2022 on Nasdaq under the symbols
 HCMA and HCMAW, respectively. Those Units not separated will continue to trade on the Nasdaq under the symbol HCMAU. 

Business Strategy

We are employing a pro-active acquisition strategy focused on identifying potential business combinations targets which provide disruptive technology or innovations within the financial services
 industry.

We seek to capitalize on the significant financial services and management experience of Shawn Matthews, our Chief Executive Officer, James Bond, our President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as the board of
 directors, in order to identify and affect a transaction in the financial services industry. The management team s experience is highly relevant to this sector, leading businesses and acquisitions across all subsectors of financial services. Their
 ability to successfully identify and integrate businesses speaks to their deal sourcing capabilities and management approach. Their expansive networks and reputations span the financial services sector.

1 

Table of Contents 

In his role as Chief Executive Officer of Cantor Fitzgerald Co., Mr. Matthews oversaw all risk taking businesses at the firm and was also responsible for approving all sizeable transactions, including billions
 of dollars in aggregate real estate transactions, all mergers and acquisitions, and all banking transactions. Additionally, Mr. Matthews oversaw and approved dozens of SPAC transactions, through their substantial SPAC business.

We believe there is the potential for significant shifts in the financial services landscape as the result of a number of factors. Technology is leading to new business opportunities across subsectors. Additionally,
 the impact of the pandemic has accelerated adoption of previously less used technologies, which should lead to transformation for the sector overall. Technology has allowed for financial services solutions to be adopted by larger segments of the
 population than ever before.

We believe the increased market acceptance and investment in FinTech related companies will continue to be disruptive to traditional financial service businesses, creating businesses and business line opportunities.

We seek to identify a company across a broad range of business models; however the goal is to identify a company at the intersection of innovation, which should allow for significant growth and capture of market
 share. We believe the experience our team brings in successfully evaluating, building, acquiring, and integrating various companies in the financial services and FinTech space will greatly enhance our ability to identify a target and consummate a
 business combination.

Examples of our areas of interest include:

FinTech

Retail banking and payment transfer

Payments processing

Insurance

Asset and wealth management

Real estate

Lending and leasing

Specialty Finance

Cybersecurity

Data providers, cloud computing, security, etc.

Digital assets and blockchain technology

Our Acquisition Criteria

As discussed in our business strategy, we seek to identify businesses which provide disruptive technology or innovations within the financial services industry. We believe the management team s extensive network and
 detailed understanding of the mechanics of the financial services industry will enable both identification and a thorough vetting of target businesses. We look to identify businesses with the following characteristics; this list is not exhaustive
 and target companies may include all, some, or none of these criteria.

Established Businesses . We will seek to acquire established businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound, but in need of our assistance to maximize their potential value.
 This assistance could be financial, operational, strategic, or managerial;

Early Stage Companies . We may target earlier stage companies which are at the forefront of shifts in the industry, have the potential to change the industry, and
 have the ability to significantly scale with our input of capital and management expertise;

Strong Management Teams . We have a preference for strong and experienced management teams that are looking for a partner in their growth;

Regular and Significant Cashflow . We look for companies with a history of regular and significant cashflow, as well as current and/or identified future
 profitability;

Scale . A target company should benefit from being a public company, with its access to capital markets to support its growth;

2 

Table of Contents 

Cooperative Enhancement . We will look to identify companies that we believe will be enhanced by the experience of our management team that may be overlooked or
 unrecognized by less experienced operators;

Segment Leading Companies . Companies should exhibit segment leading characteristics and innovations to capture or create new or additional market share; and

Growth . Targets should be on a path for considerable growth either organically or through further acquisitions.

Our Acquisition Process

In evaluating a potential target business, we expect to conduct a comprehensive due diligence review to seek to determine a company s quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence review may include, among
 other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document reviews, multiple meetings with management, consultations with relevant industry experts, competitors, customers and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will
 seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target company.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a
 company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that our initial business
 combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.

Members of our and our sponsor s management teams, including our officers and directors, directly or indirectly own our securities following the Public Offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in
 determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors, as well as our and our sponsor s management teams, may have a conflict of
 interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors and management team members was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to such
 business combination.

Each of our directors and officers, as well as those of our sponsor, presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
 officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our or our sponsor s officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which
 he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our sponsor and its affiliates manage a number of funds, separate
 accounts and other investment vehicles Sponsor Funds ), which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these Sponsor Funds decide to pursue any such opportunity or have existing investments in the issuer of such opportunity, we may
 be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within our sponsor, including by any director affiliated with our sponsor, may be suitable for both us and for a current or future Sponsor Fund and, in such a
 case, will be directed to such Sponsor Fund rather than to us. Neither our sponsor nor, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, any members of our management team who are also employed by our sponsor have any obligation to
 present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware.

Our sponsor and/or members of our management team, in their capacities as officers, directors or employees of our sponsor or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to the
 related entities described above, current or future Sponsor Funds, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us.

In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make investments and to sell existing investments because our sponsor may have material, non-public information regarding the issuers of the applicable securities or
 as a result of an existing investment by our sponsor. We may acquire a target from or, in which, one or more Sponsor Funds have an existing investment (or makes an investment at the same time or subsequently) at a different or overlapping level of
 the target s capital structure, creating a potential conflict between our position and the applicable Sponsor Funds position especially in the event of a bankruptcy. Our sponsor, its employees and Sponsor Funds may also have or make investments
 in, establish or serve on the boards of, businesses that compete with, provide services to, transact with, or otherwise have significant business relationships with the businesses we invest or seek to invest in. We may also forego an attractive
 investment opportunity as a result of an existing investment in the target or a competitor of the target by our sponsor, a Sponsor Fund or principals or employees of our sponsor, or to otherwise mitigate any conflict of interest or the perception
 of any conflict of interest.

3 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor,
 officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. Any such companies may present additional
 conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time or resources to
 our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time and resources among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except to
 the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity
 to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

Initial Business Combination

So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets
 held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our
 board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect
 to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less
 familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or
 if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely
 state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated
 that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such
 opinion.

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the
 target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain
 objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the
 target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the
 post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending
 on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity
 interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination
 could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination
 company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be
 based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then
 listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test.

4 

Table of Contents 

We may, at our option, subject to applicable law, pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with one or more entities affiliated with our sponsor and/or one or more Sponsor Funds and/or one or more investors in
 Sponsor Funds, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition
 by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance throughout this report. The amount and other
 terms and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance.
 Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B ordinary shares, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would
 retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 25.9 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon completion of the Public Offering plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority
 of the then-outstanding Class B ordinary shares agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B ordinary shares at
 the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B
 ordinary shares, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our ordinary
 shares.

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in
 such company or business. These risks include, among others, investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and
 retaining key personnel. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors and we may not have adequate
 time to complete due diligence.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
 of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
 funds we can use to complete another business combination.

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets

We believe our management team s significant operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course
 of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring, financing and
 selling businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions.

In addition, members of our management team have developed contacts from serving on the boards of directors of numerous companies in the healthcare and technology industries.

This network provided our management team with a robust and consistent flow of acquisition opportunities which were proprietary or where a limited group of investors were invited to participate in the sale process.
 We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with important sources of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from
 various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions.

5 

Table of Contents 

We are not prohibited from pursuing a Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared
 ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete a Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an
 opinion that our Business Combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view from either an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm.

As more fully discussed in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the
 line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination
 opportunity to us. All of our officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.

Status as a Public Company

We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering
 through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for
 our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this
 method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination
 transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete
 the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an
 additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among
 potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.

While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an
 operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
 that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
 parachute payments not previously approved, If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with
 new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits
 of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross
 revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2)
 the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

6 

Table of Contents 

Financial Position

With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of 278,125,000 after payment of the estimated expenses of the Public Offering and 15,125,000 of deferred underwriting fees, we offer a target
 business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to
 complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the
 target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.

Effecting our Initial Business Combination

General

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the Public Offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the
 proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination
 with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business
 combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business
 combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business.

Sources of Target Businesses

We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms,
 consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to
 target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates,
 may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In
 addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate
 engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or
 other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not
 otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a
 transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates paid by us any finder s fee,
 consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We pay an affiliate of our sponsor a sum
 of up to 10,000 per month for office space and secretarial and administrative services and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our
 officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a
 criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.

7 

Table of Contents 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a
 company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our sponsor or our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that
 commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor,
 pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
 for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary
 duties under Cayman Islands law. See Management Conflicts of Interest. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
 document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning
 experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
 of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
 and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our
 initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.

Lack of Business Diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that
 have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
 By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in
 which we operate after our Business Combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.

8 

Table of Contents 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that
 business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a
 public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain
 with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is
 unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to
 the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will
 remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional
 managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example:

we issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering);

any of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise
 and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because
 such person is a substantial security holder); or

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control.

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
 and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place
 the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote;

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;

other time and budget constraints of the company; and

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders.

Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial
 shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
 business combination.

9 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, initial
 shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business
 combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust
 account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not
 disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act.

In the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already
 elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our
 initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules
 under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.

The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii)
 reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a
 target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result
 in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
 which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers,
 directors or their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares)
 following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors, advisors or their respective affiliates enter into a private
 transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination,
 whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor,
 initial shareholders, officers, directors, advisors or their respective affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will
 be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.

Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the
 Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.

10 

Table of Contents 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares in connection with our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
 released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. The per-share
 amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must
 identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights in connection with our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a
 public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
 redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) our initial business combination, and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
 public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A
 ordinary shares.

Limitations on Redemptions

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will not redeem public shares that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject
 to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. However, the proposed business combination may require (i) cash
 consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the
 proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the
 terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the
 holders thereof.

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or
 (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such
 as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would
 require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any
 transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct
 redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or
 other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules.

If we hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
 therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above in connection with our business combination. 

11 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a
 majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public
 shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 9,343,751, or 32.5 of the 28,750,000 public shares sold in the Public Offering to be voted in favor of an
 initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In
 addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection
 with (i) our initial business combination, and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of
 our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing
 of the Public Offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and
 the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in
 accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be
 permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to
 redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination.

Limitation on Redemption in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
 Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will
 discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to
 purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering could
 threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem
 no more than 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination,
 particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.

12 

Table of Contents 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights

Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to
 our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC
 (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that
 we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to
 validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the
 proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it
 is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically
 charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to
 exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies
 would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise
 his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option
 window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market
 before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the
 completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the
 business combination is approved.

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless
 otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such
 holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly
 after the completion of our initial business combination.

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their
 shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering.

13 

Table of Contents 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have only 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not
 consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
 days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
 to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
 the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
 subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which
 will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other
 reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
 subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

Our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and each member of our management team have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating
 distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering or during any Extension Period (although they will
 be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Cantor Fitzgerald has the same redemption rights
 as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares it acquires.

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
 public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we
 provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
 earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our
 net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
 combination. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of
 our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or any other person.

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,650,000 held
 outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into
 account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our
 creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.20. While we intend to pay such amounts, if
 any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims.

14 

Table of Contents 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business
 execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if
 they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging
 the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the
 monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s
 engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
 expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Cantor
 Fitzgerald Co. will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of,
 or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us
 if and to the extent any claims by (A) a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or (B) a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a
 transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less
 than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply
 to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the Public Offering against
 certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
 claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only
 assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims
 by vendors and prospective target businesses.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of
 the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that
 it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its
 indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in
 exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public
 share.

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our
 independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account.
 Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to 1,650,000 following the Public
 Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the
 event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will
 not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder.

If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
 bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the
 trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us
 that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or
 insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby
 exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

15 

Table of Contents 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months
 from the closing of the Public Offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A
 ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the
 Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash in connection with our initial business combination. Public
 shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial
 business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a
 shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone
 will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote.

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to the Public Offering that will apply to
 us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it
 has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which
 notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all
 of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote
 at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our initial shareholders and their respective permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own 25.9 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of the Public Offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in the Public Offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in
 any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no
 more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
 and not previously released to us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption
 will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
 approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;

16 

Table of Contents 

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a
 class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions;

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we
 enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business
 combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other
 reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain
 substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;

So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the
 assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business
 combination;

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A
 ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of
 the Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary
 shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay
 our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that
 we do not become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution which requires the
 approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the
 approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association
 regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association will provide otherwise. 

Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we
 view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the
 opportunity to redeem their public shares.

17 

Table of Contents 

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other
 blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting
 business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available
 financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may
 reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place
 us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.

Conflicts of Interest

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and

duty to exercise independent judgment.

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to 
 act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general
 knowledge skill and experience of that director. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position.
 However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders, provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.

Our sponsor and certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our sponsor or our
 officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he
 or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be
 precluded from pursuing the same. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except to
 the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity
 to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

18 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor and its affiliates manage a number of Sponsor Funds, which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these Sponsor Funds decide to pursue any such opportunity or have existing
 investments in the issuer of such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within our sponsor, including by any director affiliated with our sponsor, may be suitable for both us and
 for a current or future Sponsor Fund and, in such a case, will be directed to such Sponsor Fund rather than to us. Neither our sponsor nor, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, any members of our management team who are also
 employed by our sponsor have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Our sponsor and/or members of our management team, in their capacities as officers, directors or
 employees of our sponsor or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above, current or future Sponsor Funds, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us.

In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make investments and to sell existing investments because our sponsor may have material, non -public

information regarding the issuers of the applicable securities or as a result of an existing investment by our sponsor. We may acquire a target from or, in which, one or more Sponsor Funds have an
 existing investment (or makes an investment at the same time or subsequently) at a different or overlapping level of the target s capital structure, creating a potential conflict between our position and the applicable Sponsor Funds position
 especially in the event of a bankruptcy. Our sponsor, its employees and Sponsor Funds may also have or make investments in, establish or serve on the boards of, businesses that compete with, provide services to, transact with, or otherwise have
 significant business relationships with the businesses we invest or seek to invest in. We may also forego an attractive investment opportunity as a result of an existing investment in the target or a competitor of the target by our sponsor, a
 Sponsor Fund or principals or employees of our sponsor, or to otherwise mitigate any conflict of interest or the perception of any conflict of interest. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with
 which they may become involved. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. In addition, our sponsor, officers and
 directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time or resources to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time and resources among various business activities, including identifying
 potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with one or more entities affiliated with our sponsor and/or one or more Sponsor Funds and/or one or more investors in Sponsor Funds. Such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by
 making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Any participation by such entity in a Joint Acquisition or co-investment may be under terms that are different and more favorable to such entity than those applicable to us. Expenses incurred
 in connection with any Joint Acquisition or co-investment (including any broken deal expenses) may get allocated between us and such entity, which allocation is inherently subjective and creates a conflict of interest between our sponsor and us. 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and
 our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other
 business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.

19 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public
 shares held by them in connection with (i) our initial business combination, and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or
 timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
 business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our
 sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and each member of our management team have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business
 combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our initial
 shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if
 the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
 day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having
 the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business
 combination. Because our directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our
 initial business combination.

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a
 target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in blank check companies similar to ours during the period
 in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
 In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our sponsor or our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an
 independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion
 in any other context. 

Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to,
 or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. We reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space and secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of up to
 10,000 per month.

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a
 majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public
 shares in favor of our initial business combination.

Employees

We currently have two (2) executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our
 affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the
 business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.

20 

Table of Contents 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information

Our Units are registered under the Exchange Act and as a result we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The public may read and copy
 any material we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an
 Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at: http://www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing.
 Further, the Company s references to the uniform resource locators URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders.
 These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of
 the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal
 proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in
 accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may
 not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large
 accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
 reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain
 provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a
 period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be
 levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part
 of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
 reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any
 golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for
 complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of
 the benefits of this extended transition period.

21 

Table of Contents 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Public Offering, (b) in which we have
 total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior
 June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as
 of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

Summary of Risk Factors

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Below is a summary of the principal risk factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. This summary does
 not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this summary of risk factors, and other risks that we face, can be found below in Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other
 information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our principal risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors:

being a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues;

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including risks arising from the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic;

our public shareholders ability to exercise redemption rights;

the requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame;

the possibility that Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange;

being declared an investment company under the Investment Company Act;

complying with changing laws and regulations;

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

the performance of the prospective target business or businesses;

the pool of prospective target businesses available to us and the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

the issuance of additional Class A ordinary shares in connection with a business combination that may dilute the interest of our shareholders;

the incentives to our sponsor, officers and directors to complete a business combination to avoid losing their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;

HCM Investor Holdings, LLC and its affiliates manage a number of funds, separate accounts and other investment vehicles that may compete with us for business combination opportunities;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or making changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our ability to amend the terms of warrants in a manner that may be adverse to the holders of public warrants;

our ability to redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; and

provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and Cayman Islands law.

Risk Factors

You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the
 following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose
 all or part of your investment. 

22 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination and, even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote,
 which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination.

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock
 exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a
 transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a
 tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we
 seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of
 the business combination we complete. Please see the section entitled Proposed Business Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such
 initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 25.9 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor and each member of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A
 ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the
 approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. As a result, in addition
 to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 9,343,751, or 32.5 of the 28,750,000 public shares sold in the Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination
 approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that
 we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your
 shares from us for cash.

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a
 business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the
 investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
 shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination.

23 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it
 difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If
 too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, we will not redeem our public shares in an
 amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement
 relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as
 described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into
 a business combination transaction with us.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable
 business combination or optimize our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and therefore will need to structure the
 transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or
 requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a large number of shares are submitted for
 redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or
 the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred
 underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their
 redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial
 business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the
 probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust
 account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you
 may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.

Because our trust account contains 10.20 per Class A ordinary share, public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares at the time of our initial
 business combination.

Our trust account contains 10.20 per Class A ordinary share. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies for which the trust account will only contain 10.00 per Class A ordinary
 share. As a result of the additional funds that could be available to public shareholders upon redemption of public shares, our public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares and not to hold those Class A ordinary shares
 through our initial business combination. A higher percentage of redemptions by our public shareholders could make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 15 months after the closing of the Public Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over
 us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to
 complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 15 months from Closing. Consequently,
 such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business
 combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we
 would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

24 

Table of Contents 

The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of
 taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share.

The net proceeds of the Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of 293,250,000, are held in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the
 trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations
 currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal
 Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay taxes, if any) would be
 reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the
 trust account is reduced below 293,250,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their respective
 affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial
 shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
 business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of
 the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions.

In the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders
 who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business
 combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval
 in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where
 it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made,
 the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our
 securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Proposed Business Permitted
 Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase
 securities from in any private transaction.

25 

Table of Contents 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
 tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder
 fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we
 will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may require our
 public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation
 or tender offer materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy solicitation materials, or to deliver their shares to the
 transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Proposed Business Business Strategy Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Tendering Share Certificates
 in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced
 to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class
 A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to
 redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
 shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public
 shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial
 business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a
 public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may
 be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business
 combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
 trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check
 companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly
 or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
 resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the
 private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in
 pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder
 vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a
 business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
 of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein.

26 

Table of Contents 

If the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 15
 months following the closing of the Public Offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our
 sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.

Of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 1,650,000 is available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. Of the
 funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
 provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
 business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds
 (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.

Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe
 third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do
 not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on our
 redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be
 less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein.

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other
 charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business,
 that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to
 later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
 previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
 could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a
 target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders
 are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.20 per public share.

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent
 registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the
 benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent
 inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in
 the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
 with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our
 acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue.

27 

Table of Contents 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
 by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that
 such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of
 our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be
 required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than
 the 10.20 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement (the form of which is filed as an exhibit to this report), our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
 to the extent any claims by (A) a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or (B) a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
 agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20
 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any
 claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the Public Offering against certain
 liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
 claims.

However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
 and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust
 account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such
 lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account
 available for distribution to our public shareholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
 of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
 its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
 expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to
 their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
 shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per public share.

28 

Table of Contents 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or
 winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors,
 thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
 us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
 or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing
 itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or
 winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in
 connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
 us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
 the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our
 activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

restrictions on the issuance of securities,

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:

registration as an investment company with the SEC;

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to.

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than
 investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government
 securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or
 assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.

29 

Table of Contents 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States
 government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act
 which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by
 having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
 within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Public Offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds
 pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
 public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii)
 absent our completing an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do
 not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional
 expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only
 approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our
 initial business combination, and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring
 of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete
 our initial business combination, and results of operations.

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry or sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our
 initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

We may pursue business combination opportunities in any industry or sector, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate our initial business
 combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive
 discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of
 operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we
 combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although
 our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to
 complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an
 investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following
 the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

30 

Table of Contents 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a
 target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines and, as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
 combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination
 with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may
 exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the
 transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business
 combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per
 public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise.

We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition
 opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors.
 We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event
 we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this 

report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a
 result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value
 of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm and, consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that
 the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders
 valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value
 based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our
 initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
 contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares,
 par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 471,250,000 and 39,937,500 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which
 amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A
 ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the
 time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding.

31 

Table of Contents 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our
 initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants as described in Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary
 shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other
 things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or
 on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class
 A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could
 result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with
 another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
 our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management
 time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
 Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the
 related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
 shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants,
 which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and
 profitability. 

The net proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with 278,125,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into
 account the 15,125,000 for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions, being held in the trust account and the estimated expenses of the Public Offering).

32 

Table of Contents 

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial
 business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
 results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous
 economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
 several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry.

Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate
 subsequent to our initial business combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and
 give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
 closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
 additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
 products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a
 company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be
 required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may
 not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
 business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
 business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or
 more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the
 business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case,
 we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding
 Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially
 acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.

33 

Table of Contents 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
 could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition
 candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with
 which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
 tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other
 general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the
 transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered
 into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that
 are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination
 or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing
 instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will
 make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that holders of our securities may not support.

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example,
 blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to
 require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning
 the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with
 respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
 public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent
 any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities.

34 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet
 selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because
 of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with
 our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We
 cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be
 unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not
 consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
 will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional
 financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial
 business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
 of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 15 months after the closing of the Public Offering, in which case we would cease all
 operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within 15 months after the closing of the Public Offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination
 may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of
 the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing
 being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we
 will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
 amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
 number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
 possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and
 the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing
 procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive
 only 10.20 per public share, or less than 10.20 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced
 and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein.

35 

Table of Contents 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected
 by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health
 Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the
 United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to the COVID-19 outbreak, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization classified the outbreak as a pandemic. The pandemic, together with resulting voluntary and U.S. federal
 and state and non-U.S. governmental actions, including, without limitation, mandatory business closures, public gathering limitations, restrictions on travel and quarantines, has meaningfully disrupted the global economy and markets. Although the
 long-term economic fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to predict, it has and is expected to continue to have ongoing material adverse effects across many, if not all, aspects of the regional, national and global economy. The COVID-19
 pandemic has resulted, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result, in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business
 with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic continues to restrict travel, limit
 the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts
 our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or
 treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by the COVID-19 pandemic or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business
 with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and other events, including as a result of
 increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent
 us from achieving our desired results.

We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational
 improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the
 business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to
 properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may
 not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target
 business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.

36 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Securities

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
 restrictions.

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are currently listed on Nasdaq. Although we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial
 listing standards established by Nasdaq, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to a business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to a business
 combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain an average global market capitalization and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 400 public holders).
 Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to
 continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and we would be required to have a minimum of 400 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such
 round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on the
 Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board or the pink sheets. If this were to occur, there could be material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level
 of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered
 securities. Because our units are and we expect that eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, we expect that our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are
 preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the
 sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state, other than the state of Idaho, having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, certain state securities
 regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities
 would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not
 been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the Public Offering and the sale of the private
 placement warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly,
 investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies
 subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us
 in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see Proposed Business Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies
 Subject to Rule 419. 

37 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to
 hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
 Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we
 would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to
 complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess
 Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions,
 potentially at a loss.

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which
 the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be
 viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims
 of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account
 while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination.

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There
 is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to
 discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general
 meeting) serving a three-year term.

38 

Table of Contents 

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration
 may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at
 this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable
 efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days
 following the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot
 assure you that we will be able to do so. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants
 on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be
 obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from
 registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a public warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security 
 under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so
 elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, but we will use our commercially
 reasonable efforts to register or qualify for sale the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the
 holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue
 securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the
 shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire
 worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption
 from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the Public Offering. In such an
 instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants
 would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A
 ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants.

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants and working capital warrants and their respective permitted transferees
 may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.

Pursuant to an agreement entered into at the closing of the Public Offering, our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants and working capital warrants and their respective permitted transferees
 can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants
 that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may
 have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the
 target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our initial
 shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or working capital warrants or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt
 following the Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any
 right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could
 have a variety of negative effects, including:

39 

Table of Contents 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios
 or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital
 expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt.

Our warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and will be recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may
 have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

We issued an aggregate of 27,375,000 warrants in connection with the Public Offering (comprised of the 14,375,000 warrants included in the units and the 13,000,000 private placement warrants). We expect to account
 for these as a warrant liability and will record at fair value upon issuance any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined us based upon a valuation report obtained from its independent third party valuation firm. The
 impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability,
 which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the
 heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
 underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could
 force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or
 (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable
 by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.

40 

Table of Contents 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.

We issued warrants to purchase 14,375,000 Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered with the closing of the Public Offering, and
 simultaneously issued in a private placement an aggregate of 13,000,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or
 a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary
 shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants.

To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon
 exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A
 ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial
 business combination with some prospective target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
 statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be
 required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
 Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial
 statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our
 initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and
 management resources and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, would we be required to comply with the independent
 registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us
 as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
 The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be
 willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests.
 These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination
 only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our initial shareholders, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that
 otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

41 

Table of Contents 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 15
 months before redemption from our trust account.

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the
 funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any
 redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the
 trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case,
 investors may be forced to wait beyond 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our
 trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not
 complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any
 other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
 thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment or removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside
 the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination.

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the
 Cayman Islands. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business
 combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you will not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business
 combination.

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such
 other security at this time.

In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a
 result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving
 company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination.

Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to
 consummate an initial business combination.

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to
 liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A
 ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25.9 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Public Offering, plus
 (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by us in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the
 initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller of an interest in the target to us in
 the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert
 into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to
 be outstanding prior to the initial business combination.

42 

Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the
 then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased,
 all without your approval.

Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and
 us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement
 to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii)
 adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the
 registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public
 warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the
 terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the
 public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into
 cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

Risks Relating to Our Management Team

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to
 our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
 operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged
 in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent
 directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels,
 it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, senior management of our sponsor will spend a vast majority, if not substantially
 all, of their business time on their other duties, including to the investment management clients of our sponsor. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Management Directors and
 Executive Officers. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our
 officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have
 conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on
 the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

43 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join
 us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key
 personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. None of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in allocating management
 time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time
 to their other business activities, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. In addition, we do not have employment agreements with,
 or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us.

The role of our key personnel after our initial business combination, however, remains to be determined. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions following
 our initial business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to
 have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular
 business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have
 conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate
 employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in
 the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such
 agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the Public
 Offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the
 registration and shareholder rights agreement, which is described under the section of this report entitled Description of Securities Registration and Shareholder Rights. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a
 target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack
 of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
 business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to
 retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an initial business
 combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role
 of an initial business combination candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will
 remain associated with the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. As a result, we may need to
 reconstitute the management team of the post-transaction company in connection with our initial business combination, which may adversely impact our ability to complete an initial business combination in a timely manner or at all.

44 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including
 another blank check company and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Following the completion of the Public Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses
 or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a
 business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
 These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.

In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are and may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours.
 Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other
 blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted
 by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of
 business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us,
 on the other.

For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Management Directors and
 Executive Officers, Management Conflicts of Interest and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any
 investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or
 executive officers, although we do not intend to do so, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one or more funds or accounts advised by our sponsor and/or one or more investors in funds managed by our
 sponsor. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests
 and ours.

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
 Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are
 appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing
 on our shareholders rights. See the section titled Description of Securities Certain Differences in Corporate Law Shareholders Suits for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not ultimately be successful in
 any claim we may make against them for such reason.

45 

Table of Contents 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
 directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
 directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, as described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank
 check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination
 opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved, and such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor and its affiliates manage a number of Sponsor Funds, which may
 compete with us for acquisition opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there
 have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a
 transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our
 Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that
 commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or
 initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Moreover, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity affiliated with our sponsor and/or one or more investors in funds managed by our sponsor. Any such
 parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such parties.

Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public
 shares they may acquire during or after the Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.

On February 10, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the
 number of founder shares issued. In January 2022, we effected a share capitalization in which our sponsor was issued an additional 2,875,000 ordinary shares so that our sponsor owns an aggregate of 10,062,500 founder shares. If we increase or
 decrease the size of the Public Offering, we will effect a share capitalization or a share surrender or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of
 the Public Offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as-converted basis, at 25.9 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of the Public Offering. The founder shares will be worthless if
 we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, together with Cantor Fitzgerald, purchased an aggregate of 13,000,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per
 share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of the Public Offering. Of these, our sponsor agreed to purchase 10,500,000 private placement warrants and Cantor
 Fitzgerald agreed to purchase 2,500,000 private placement warrants. If we do not consummate an initial business within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and
 financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business
 following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 15-month anniversary of the closing of the Public Offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination.

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
 in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any
 indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
 discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors,
 even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and
 directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

46 

Table of Contents 

Involvement of members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation, governmental investigations or
 negative publicity unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial business combination.

Members of our management team and companies with which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business affairs, including
 transactions, such as sales and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. As a result of such involvement, members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil
 disputes, litigation, governmental investigations and negative publicity relating to their business affairs. Any such claims, investigations, lawsuits or negative publicity may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our
 ability to identify and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of
 our assets will be located outside the United States and, therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States, and all of our assets will be located outside
 of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce
 judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws.

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete
 an initial business combination.

In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. The premiums
 charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future.

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business
 combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms
 or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
 alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such
 claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms
 favorable to our investors.

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in
 connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business
 combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators
 or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

47 

Table of Contents 

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
 setting, including any of the following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

longer payment cycles;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

protection of intellectual property;

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;

regime changes and political upheaval;

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and

deterioration of political relations with the United States.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination or, if we complete such combination, our operations
 might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
 with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business
 combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
 becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

48 

Table of Contents 

After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our
 revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social
 conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically
 and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in
 certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our
 initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely
 affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of
 such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency
 appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such
 transaction.

We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of
 our shares at that time.

In connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share or which approximates the
 per-share amounts in our trust account at such time, which is generally approximately 10.20. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares
 we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time

General Risk Factors

Past performance by our sponsor, our management team or either of their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an
 investment in us.

Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance, including related to blank check companies sponsored by our sponsor or its affiliates and the
 associated business combinations is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the
 historical record of our sponsor, our management team or either of their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. In addition, our
 sponsor advises funds and accounts which have investment mandates that overlap with ours and therefore may compete for investment opportunities with us, and our sponsor will not be obligated to present any investment opportunities to us over
 the funds and accounts it manages.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain
 exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with
 other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
 to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
 regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not
 previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status
 earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December
 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading
 prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

49 

Table of Contents 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have
 not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides
 that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
 extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
 private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the
 extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250
 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent
 we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section
 of the initial Public Offering registration statement captioned Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject
 to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception.
 Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Additionally, even if we qualify for the
 start-up exception with respect to a given taxable year, there cannot be any assurance that we would not be a PFIC in other taxable years. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable
 year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will
 endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing
 fund election with respect to their Class A ordinary shares, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge
 U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules.

50 

Table of Contents 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed
 on shareholders or warrant holders.

We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is
 located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident
 if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their
 ownership of us after the reincorporation.

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares
 (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary
 shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without
 approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust
 account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of
 our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of
 our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special
 resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders and their
 respective permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 25.9 of our Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering),
 will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions
 of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with
 which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify
 the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public
 shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
 on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these
 agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers and directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a
 shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.

51 

Table of Contents 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote,
 potentially in a manner that you do not support.

Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 25.9 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote,
 potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the open market or in
 privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would
 be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is divided into three
 classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial
 business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors,
 only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to
 vote on the appointment and removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least
 until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our initial shareholders.

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the
 sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act,
 will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
 forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
 district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum
 provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District
 Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of
 New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such
 warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively,
 if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters
 in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of
 other blank check companies.

Each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise
 of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is
 different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the
 warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us,
 we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

52 

Table of Contents 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
 at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business
 combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the
 higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described below under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class
 A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect
 your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive
 officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.

Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of
 the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our
 directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as
 well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman
 Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and
 certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of
 the United States.

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the
 United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the
 civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the
 Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle
 that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands,
 such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or
 obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman
 Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling
 shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.

53 

Table of Contents 

An investment in this offering may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.

An investment in this offering may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities
 that directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in this offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-half of a warrant to
 purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we are issuing in this
 offering are unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss
 realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See
 the section titled Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations for a summary of the U.S. federal income tax considerations of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with
 respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of our sponsor and third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
 deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive
 or confidential data. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
 to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on Nasdaq, Nasdaq may consider us to
 be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.

Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance
 standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate
 governance requirements, including the requirements that:

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq;

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities.

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize
 some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future
 material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.

In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such
 jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The
 inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.

54 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate
 governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are
 publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative
 expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target.

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in
 continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may
 be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more
 competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into
 an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer
 attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination.

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive
 fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
 tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
 consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 2. 

Properties.

We currently maintain our corporate offices at 100 First Stamford Place, Suite 330, Stamford, Connecticut 06902. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee that we pay an affiliate of our
 Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We believe, based on fees for similar services in the Stamford area, that the fee charged by our Sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated
 party. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

None.

55 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a)

Market Information

Our Units, Class A Ordinary Shares and public Warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols HCMAU, HCMA and HCMAW, respectively. Our Units commenced public trading on January 21, 2022, and our
 Ordinary Shares and public Warrants commenced separate trading on March 14, 2022.

The following table sets forth, for the calendar quarter indicated, the high and low sales prices per Unit, Class A Ordinary Share and Warrant, as reported on the
 Nasdaq, for the period from January 21, 2022 through December 31, 2022.

Units (HCMAU)

Class A 
 Ordinary Shares (HCMA)

Warrants (HCMAW)

High

Low

High

Low

High

Low

Year ended December 31, 2022:

Quarter ended December 31, 2022

10.24

10.09

10.41

10.06

0.10

0.01

Quarter ended September 30, 2022

10.14

10.00

10.11

9.98

0.18

0.06

Quarter ended June 30, 2022

10.34

9.91

10.05

9.91

0.23

0.10

Quarter ended March 31, 2022 (1) 

10.01

9.95

9.97

9.87

0.26

0.15

(1) Beginning on January 21, 2022 for HCMAU and on March 14, 2022 for HCMA and HCMAW.

(b)

Holders

At March 28, 2023, there was one (1) holder of record of our Units, one (1) holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary
 shares, four (4) holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and three (3) holders of record of our public Warrants.

(c)

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the
 future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our Business
 Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
 indebtedness in connection with our Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

(d)

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

(e)

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

Unregistered Sales

On February 10, 2021, the Sponsor purchased 7,187,500 of our Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. Prior to the Sponsor s initial investment in
 us of 25,000, we had no assets.

On January 5, 2022, we effected a share capitalization in which the Sponsor was issued an additional 2,875,000 ordinary shares so that the Sponsor owns an aggregate of 10,062,500 founder shares.

On January 25, 2022, the Sponsor transferred 25,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors (together, with the Sponsor,
 the Initial Shareholders at a purchase price of approximately 0.003 per share. The sale of the Founder Shares to the Company s directors and director s nominees is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation 
 ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the 75,000 shares granted to the Company s directors was 546,750 or 7.29 per
 share. The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of
 occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been
 recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date
 fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares.

At December 31, 2021, our Initial Shareholder held 10,062,500 Founder Shares.

At Closing, we completed the sale of the Private Placement Warrants for proceeds of 13,000,000, to our Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant. The
 Private Placement Warrants are substantially similar to the Warrants underlying the Units issued in the Public Offering, except that if held by our Sponsor, Cantor or their permitted transferees, they (i) may be exercised for cash or on a
 cashless basis and (ii) are not subject to being called for redemption. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us and
 exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Warrants.

The sales of the above securities by the Company were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not
 involving a public offering.

56 

Table of Contents 

Use of Proceeds

On January 20, 2022, our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253673) was declared effective by the SEC for the Public Offering pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 28,750,000 Units at an
 offering price to the public of 10.00 per Unit for an aggregate offering price of 287,500,000, with each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share of the Company at 0.0001 par value and one-half of one warrant. Each whole warrant
 entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Only whole warrants may be exercised and no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants may be traded.
 Cantor Fitzgerald Co. acted as underwriter. Our Public Offering did not terminate before all of the securities registered in our registration statement were sold. The Public Offering was consummated on January 25, 2022.

Net proceeds of 293,250,000 from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, including deferred underwriting discounts of 15,125,000, were deposited into the Trust Account at Closing.
 We paid 5,000,000 in underwriting discounts and incurred offering costs of 646,606 related to the Public Offering. In addition, the Underwriters agreed to defer 15,125,000 in underwriting discounts, which amount will be payable when and if
 a Business Combination is consummated. We also repaid 300,000 in non-interest bearing loans made to us by our Sponsor to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten
 percent or more of our Class A ordinary shares or to their associates, or to our affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the Public Offering as described in our final Prospectus, dated January 20,
 2022, which was filed with the SEC on January 24, 2022.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are
 included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may
 differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on February 5, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
 business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares,
 debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt.

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful.

Results of Operations

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to
 prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate
 non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as
 for due diligence expenses.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 14,783,303, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in
 the Trust Account of 4,308,298, an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of 61,045 and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 12,866,250, offset by operating costs of 1,916,100 and transaction cost
 incurred in connection with the IPO of 536,190.

For the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 15,786, which consisted of formation and operating expenses.

57 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

On January 25, 2022, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 28,750,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 3,750,000 Units at 10.00
 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 287,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 13,000,000 Private Placement Warrant at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a
 private placement to Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., generating gross proceeds of 13,000,000.

Following the Initial Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Units, a total of 293,250,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 20,771,606 in
 Initial Public Offering related costs, consisting of 5,000,000 of underwriting fees, 15,125,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and 646,606 of other offering costs.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 890,185. Net income of 14,783,303 was affected by interest
 earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 4,308,298, an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of 61,045 and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 12,866,250 and transaction cost
 incurred in connection with the IPO of 536,190. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,025,915 of cash for operating activities.

As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 297,619,343 (including approximately 4,369,343 of interest income and unrealized gains) consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills
 with a maturity of 185 days or less. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the
 Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in
 the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 792,423. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective
 target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
 structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not
 obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
 Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a
 price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.

We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business,
 undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination.
 Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we
 may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination.

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company does not obtain approval for an extension of the deadline or
 complete a Business Combination by April 25, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution as well as our current cash balance raise
 substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that these financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the
 Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date or obtain approval for an extension.

58 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with
 unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
 sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets.

Contractual Obligations

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to
 pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for office space and secretarial and administrative services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 80,000.

The underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of (i) 5.0 of the gross proceeds of the initial 25,000,000 Units sold in the Initial Public
 Offering, or 12,500,000, and (ii) 7.0 of the gross proceeds from the Units sold pursuant to the over-allotment option, or 2,625,000. The deferred fee of 15,125,000 will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the
 Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

In February 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a service provider to help identify targets, negotiate terms of potential Business Combinations, consummate a Business Combination and/or provide
 other services. In connection with this agreement, the Company will be required to pay a finder s fee for such services, in an amount equal to 1,000,000, which would be contingent on the consummation of a Business Combination with a target
 that is introduced by the service provider.

Critical Accounting Policies

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ
 from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies:

Warrant Liabilities

We account for the Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we
 classify the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrants to fair value in respect of each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until the warrants are exercised, and
 any change in fair value is recognized in the statements of operations. The Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a lattice model, specifically a
 binomial lattice model incorporating the Cox-Ross-Rubenstein methodology.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A
 ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
 the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our
 Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented
 at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity (deficit) section of our balance sheets.

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share

60 

Table of Contents 

Net income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Subsequent measurement of the redeemable Class A
 ordinary shares is excluded from income (loss) per ordinary share as the redemption value approximates fair value. We calculate our earnings per share to allocate net income (loss) pro rata to Class A and Class B ordinary shares. This
 presentation contemplates a Business Combination as the most likely outcome, in which case, both classes of ordinary shares share pro rata in the income (loss) of the Company.

Recent Accounting Standards

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope
 exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an
 entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a
 full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022 on a modified retrospective basis. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have an impact our financial
 position, results of operations or cash flows.

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Not required for smaller reporting companies.

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

HCM ACQUISITION CORP

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 688 

62

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets 

63

Statement of Operations 

64

Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

65

Statement of Cash Flows 

66 

Notes to Financial Statements

67 to 77 

61 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

HCM Acquisition Corp

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of HCM Acquisition Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements
 of operations, changes in shareholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
 the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
 the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described 
 in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned
 activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any
 adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
 statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
 federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
 reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
 used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 . 

March 29, 2023 

62 

Table of Contents 

HCM ACQUISITION CORP

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31, 

2022 

December 31, 

2021 

ASSETS

Current assets 

Cash

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Cash and marketable securities held in trust account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY

Current liabilities

Accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs

Promissory note related party

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; and
 shares issued and outstanding at redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Shareholders (Deficit) Equity

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 and issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total Shareholders (Deficit) Equity

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption and Shareholders (Deficit) Equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

63 

Table of Contents 

HCM ACQUISITION CORP

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the Year Ended

 December 31,

For the Period from 

 February 5, 2021

 (inception) through

 December 31,

2022 

2021 

Operating and formation costs

Loss from operations

Other income:

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Transaction cost incurred in connection with Initial Public Offering

Other income, net

Net income (loss)

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

64 

Table of Contents 

HCM ACQUISITION CORP

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Class B

 Ordinary Shares

Additional 

 Paid-in

Accumulated 

Total Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Equity (Deficit) 

Balance February 5, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) 

Net loss

Balance December 31, 2021 

Cash in excess of fair value of Private Placement Warrants 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount

Remeasurement adjustment for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

(1) 

Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised (see Note 5). On January 5, 2022, the Company
 effected a share capitalization in which the Sponsor was issued an additional ordinary shares so that the Sponsor
 owns an aggregate of Founder Shares. All share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated for the share
 capitalization. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse share split on Founder Shares (see Note 5). 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

65 

Table of Contents 

HCM ACQUISITION CORP

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Year

 Ended

 December 31,

 2022 

For the Period

 from February 5,

 2021 (Inception)

 Through

 December 31,

 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

Formation cost paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of founder shares

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Transaction cost incurred in connection with IPO

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investment of cash in Trust Account

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid

Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants

Proceeds from promissory note - related party

Repayment of promissory note related party

Payment of offering costs

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning of period

Cash End of period

Non-Cash investing and financing activities:

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Initial classification of Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption

Change in value of Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption

Deferred underwriting fee payable

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

66 

Table of Contents 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares or the Class A Ordinary Shares ), which
 includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of ,
 which is described in Note 3.

warrants (each, a Private Placement
 Warrant and, collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement
 to HCM Investor Holdings, LLC (the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor Fitzgerald ), generating gross proceeds of ,
 which is described in Note 4.

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, and of other offering costs.

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account
 (the Trust Account ), to be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any
 open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or
 (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below.

Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors (together,
 with the Sponsor, the Initial Shareholders at a purchase price of approximately per share. The sale of the Founder Shares
 to the Company s directors and director s nominees is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value
 upon the grant date. The fair value of the shares granted to the Company s directors was or per share. The
 Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence
 under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized.
 Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per
 share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares.

or
 more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as
 defined below) (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business
 Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or
 more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

67 

Table of Contents 

upon such
 completion of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the
 affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a
 shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with
 a Business Combination, each of the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and the Company s officers and directors has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor
 of approving a Business Combination and to waive its redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an
 amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem
 its Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination.

of the Public Shares without the
 Company s prior written consent.

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision
 relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment and (iii) to waive its
 rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination.

months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any extended time that the Company has to
 consummate a Business Combination beyond months as a result of a shareholder vote to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and
 Articles of Association (an Extension Period (the Combination Period to complete a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations
 except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than business days thereafter, redeem the
 Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and
 outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
 such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the
 requirements of other applicable law.

).

per Public Share or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligations. This
 liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial
 Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the
 Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
 have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or
 claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

68 

Table of Contents 

and working capital deficit of . Prior to the completion of the Initial Public Offering, the Company lacked the liquidity it needed to sustain operations for a reasonable
 period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. The Company has since completed its Initial Public Offering at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or
 used to fund offering expenses was released to the Company for general working capital purposes. Accordingly, management has since reevaluated the Company s liquidity and financial condition and determined that the Company will not have enough cash to meet its obligations as they become due. Management expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The Company believes it
 will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating its business and to consummate a business combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing or draw on the Working Capital Loans
 (as defined above) either to complete a Business Combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of the Public Shares upon consummation of a Business Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional
 securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If the
 Company is unable to complete the Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available, the Company will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the Business Combination, if cash
 on hand is insufficient, the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations.

69 

Table of Contents 

t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

, of which were charged to shareholders 
 equity (deficit) upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and were charged to operations.

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022

70 

Table of Contents 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or
 material deviation from its position. 

Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic
 net income (loss) per ordinary share for the periods presented.

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

71 

Table of Contents 

units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit
 consists of Class A ordinary share and one-half of redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public
 Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (see
 Note 7).

Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant, of which the Sponsor purchased Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald purchased Private Placement Warrants (for an aggregate purchase price of from the Company in a private placement.

Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from the sale of the Private
 Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
 Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.

72 

Table of Contents 

to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
 Shares ). On January 5, 2022, the Company effected a share capitalization in which the Sponsor was issued an additional 
 ordinary shares so that the Sponsor owns an aggregate of Founder Shares.

after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported
 sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share
 capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 
 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company's shareholders having the right
 to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.

per month for office space and secretarial and
 administrative services. The Sponsor began providing the administrative services in May 2022. Upon completion of a Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022
 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid and in fees for these services, respectively.

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable
 on the earlier of June 30, 2022, or the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was 
 and outstanding, respectively. As of January 25, 2022, there was outstanding under the Promissory Note. Subsequently, on January 27, 2022 the 
 outstanding under the Promissory Note was repaid.

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business
 Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December
 31, 2022 and 2021, there was balance outstanding under the Working Capital Loans.

demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the
 Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the Business Combination. However, the registration and
 shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period. The registration rights agreement does not
 contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

73 

Table of Contents 

-day

option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the
 underwriting discounts and commissions. On January 25, 2022, the underwriter s elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units at a price of per Unit. The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
 discount of per Unit, or 
 in the aggregate payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriter will be entitled to a deferred fee of (i) 
 of the gross proceeds of the initial Units sold in the Public Offering, or , and (ii) of the gross proceeds from the Units
 sold pursuant to the over-allotment option, or . The total deferred fee of will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject
 to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

, which would be contingent on the consummation of a Business Combination with a target that is introduced by the
 service provider.

and outstanding
 Public Warrants, respectively. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public
 Warrants will become exercisable commencing on the later of 
 from the closing of the Initial Public Offering and days after the completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the
 registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days following the closing of a Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current
 prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed
 on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do
 so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the
 Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify for sale the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an
 exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an
 effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the
 shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public
 Warrants (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants):

per Public Warrant;

days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

per
 share (as adjusted) on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

74 

Table of Contents 

per
 Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any
 Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net
 of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of its Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period
 starting on the trading day after to the day on which the Company consummates its Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 
 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market
 Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
 equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

and outstanding Private Placement Warrants, respectively.
 The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private
 Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject
 to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees.
 If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
 Public Warrants.

preference shares with a par value of 
 per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to 
 vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as presented in temporary equity, respectively.

Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to 
 vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which
 an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option is not
 exercised in full or in part so that the number of Founder Shares will equal of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary
 shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriter s election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on January 25, 2022, a total of Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A
 ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination,
 excluding Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller of an interest in the target to the Company in a Business Combination
 and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at
 a rate of less than -to-one.

75 

Table of Contents 

Liabilities:

Warrant liability Public Warrants

1

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants

3

Exercise price

Expected term (in years)

Volatility

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

Change in fair value

Transfer to Level 1

Fair value as of December 31, 2022

from other levels in the fair value hierarchy for the
 period from January 25, 2022 (initial public offering) through December 31, 2022.

76 

Table of Contents 

per share, of the
 Company (the Company Ordinary Shares will be automatically canceled and extinguished, and each holder of the Company Ordinary Shares will be entitled to receive merger rights representing a corresponding number of PubCo Ordinary
 Shares, which are held in the accounts of the Exchange Agent Merger Rights ), and (ii) each issued and outstanding warrant to purchase one share of Company Class A Ordinary Shares will automatically cease to represent a right to acquire
 Company Class A Ordinary Shares and will automatically convert into and represent a right to acquire PubCo Ordinary Shares Converted Warrant and each Converted Warrant (a) will represent the right to acquire the number of PubCo
 Ordinary Shares equal to the number of Company Class A Ordinary Shares, (b) will have an exercise price of per whole
 warrant required to purchase one PubCo Ordinary Share, and (c) will expire on the anniversary of the closing date of
 the Merger. Additionally, and in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, on March 13, 2023, the underwriters of the Company s initial public offering agreed to reduce the total deferred underwriting fee that is to
 be paid to such underwriters upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination to .

in
 connection with the Merger, and (ii) a transaction fee in connection with a private placement in an amount equal to of
 the sum of (A) the gross proceeds raised from investors and received by the Company or the target business simultaneously with or before the closing of the private placement plus (B) proceeds released from the Trust Account with respect
 to any stockholder of the Company that (x) entered into a non-redemption or other similar agreement and did not redeem shares of the Company s common stock or (y) did not redeem shares of the Company s common stock as a result of CCM s
 services hereunder in the good faith reasonable judgement of the Company.

, payable upon the closing of the Merger, if the
 Company determines in its discretion and reasonable judgment that the performance of CCM in connection with its leadership role in connection with the Merger warrants such additional fee.

times for an additional one
 (1) month each time to January 25, 2024 upon the deposit into the Trust Account of the lesser of (i) per Class A
 Share held by public shareholders or (ii) an aggregate of for each calendar month; and (ii) a proposal to amend
 the Trust Agreement to make a corresponding change.

77 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded,
 processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
 including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial
 officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
 December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
 reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must
 be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control
 deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
 achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and
 maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated
 financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(1) pertain to the
 maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable
 assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
 management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable
 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our
 consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the
 policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2022.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially
 affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information.

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not Applicable.

78 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Our current directors and executive officers are as follows:

Name

Age

Title

Shawn Matthews

56

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

James Bond

52

President, Chief Financial Officer and Director

Jacob Loveless

42

Director

Steven Bischoff

65

Director

David Goldfarb

65

Director

Shawn Matthews has served as our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since our inception. Mr. Matthews is a financial services expert and
 entrepreneur with more than 30 years of management experience in public and private corporations. Since January 2019, Mr. Matthews founded and has served as the Chief Investment Officer of Hondius Capital Management, an alternative investment
 firm. In such capacity, he is responsible for the overall success of Hondius Capital Management with a particular focus on managing all firm investments. From March 2009 until December 2018, Mr. Matthews served as Chief Executive Officer of
 Cantor Fitzgerald Co., a leading financial services firm, where he was responsible for Cantor Fitzgerald s risk taking businesses and strategic growth. Mr. Matthews also served as a member of the Executive Committee of the Cantor Fitzgerald
 Co. from March 2009 until December 2018. During his tenure at Cantor Fitzgerald, Mr. Matthews played a significant role of the growth of the company, with significant revenue and earnings growth during his tenure. In addition, while serving
 as the Chief Executive Officer of Cantor Fitzgerald, Mr. Matthews founded and oversaw their sizeable SPAC business. Mr. Matthews also served on the Board of Directors of Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) from January,
 2011 through December, 2013. Mr. Matthews received his Bachelor of Science in Finance and Economics from the Fairfield University Dolan School of Business and MBA from Hofstra University.

James Bond has served as our President and Chief Financial Officer since our inception and is a director. Mr. Bond is a financial
 services expert and entrepreneur with more than 25 years of management experience in public and private corporations. Since January 2019, Mr. Bond founded and has served as the Chief Operating Officer of Hondius Capital Management, an alternative
 investment firm. In this role, he is responsible for and oversees all business functions of Hondius Capital Management. From March 2009 until December 2018, Mr. Bond served as the Global Chief Operating Officer of Cantor Fitzgerald Co.,
 where he was responsible for all business operations. In addition, Mr. Bond was also Chief Operating Officer of Cantor Fitzgerald Investment Advisors, an SEC regulated RIA, and Cantor Fitzgerald Wealth Partners, a wealth management business. In
 his capacity as Chief Operating Officer, he was an officer or director of a significant number of the firm s global businesses. Mr. Bond received his Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Boston College.

Jacob Loveless serves as an independent director of HCM Acquisition Corp. Mr. Loveless is Chief Executive Officer of Edgemesh
 Corporation, a privately held technology firm he co-founded in 2016. Additionally, from 2016 to 2019, Mr. Loveless served as a board director for Perseus Telecom Ltd., a financial services-focused telecommunications company. As a board member,
 Mr. Loveless had an active role in the company s restructuring, growth, and eventual acquisition of the parent company by GTT Communications (NYSE: GTT) in 2017. From 2013 to 2016, Mr. Loveless was the Chief Executive Officer of Lucera Financial
 Services LLC., a financial services technology firm providing exchange technology and private global network services to some of Wall Streets largest firms. While at Lucera, Mr. Loveless led the initial design, development, and launch of an
 innovative distributed matching engine (U.S. Patent 2,0140,172,644). The global financial services firm BGC Partners (NASDAQ: BGCP) acquired Lucera in 2017. From 2003 to 2013, Mr. Loveless served in various technology-focused roles at the
 financial services firm, Cantor Fitzgerald L.P., where he was a Partner. From 2002 to 2003, Mr. Loveless was the Chief Technology Officer and co-founder of Data Scientific Corporation, whose customers included the U.S. Department of Defense. Data
 Scientific was acquired by Serena Software (NYSE: MFGP) in 2006. From 2001 to 2002, Mr. Loveless served as the Director of Technology at Appian Corporation (NASDAQ: APPN), where he worked on large-scale projects for the Department of Defense,
 including the Army Knowledge Online. Given his extensive experience in the financial services and financial services technology industries combined with a long history of developing and managing large-scale and cutting-edge technology ventures,
 we believe Mr. Loveless serves as a valuable addition to the board of directors.

79 

Table of Contents 

Steven Bischoff serves as an independent director of HCM Acquisition Corp. Mr. Bischoff is an Executive Vice President with Atlantic Home
 Loans, where he is responsible for the company s strategic planning and operations. From 2010 through 2020, Mr. Bischoff was a Partner at NatAlliance Securities LLC., a broker dealer where he oversaw investment banking and asset management. He
 also served on the board of directors, which was responsible for oversight and the strategic direction of the business. Prior to these roles, his career included several senior management positions across trading, risk management, and operations.
 From 2003 through 2007, Mr. Bischoff was employed with Cantor Fitzgerald, where he was hired as the Head of Fixed Income Trading and subsequently promoted to co-COO of Capital Markets. From 1999 through 2003, Mr. Bischoff was employed with GMAC
 RFC, where he ran all capital markets trading and risk management. From 1992 through 1999, Mr. Bischoff was employed with Amherst Securities, where he was co-Founder and Head of Trading and Risk Management. We believe that Mr. Bischoff s
 extensive experience in the financial services industry and his leadership skillset will be extremely additive as a member of our board of directors.

David Goldfarb serves as an independent director of HCM Acquisition Corp. Mr. Goldfarb is the chief executive officer of Chauncey Advisors,
 a strategic advisory business, which he founded. He has over 35 years of experience in the financial services sector and has held senior leadership roles at several large global firms. Mr. Goldfarb began his career in 1979 at Ernst and Young in
 the firm s Financial Services Practice. He was ultimately elevated to a Partner of the firm. During his 14 years at the firm, his clients included several leading investment banks and institutional investors. In 1993, Mr. Goldfarb joined Lehman
 Brothers, where he spent 16 years in various senior roles including Global Head of Principal Investing and Strategic Partnerships, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer, and Chief Strategy Officer. He was also a member of the
 firm s Executive Committee. Throughout his many roles at Lehman, Mr. Goldfarb was particularly focused on driving the strategic diversification and expansion of the firm s global franchise through acquisitions, organic growth, and joint ventures.
 One example of these efforts was the acquisition of Neuberger Berman, a NY-based firm, which launched Lehman Brothers into the asset management sector. Mr. Goldfarb then spent 4 years as a Managing Director at LAMCO LLC, an asset management
 business responsible for the winddown of Lehman Brothers Holdings estate s assets and operations. Mr. Goldfarb then joined Cantor Fitzgerald as a Senior Managing Director in 2012, where he was the Global Head of Asset Management and Business
 Development. In that capacity, he drove and managed the acquisitions of both an ETF strategist platform and an alternative fixed income platform. We believe Mr. Goldfarb s vast experience in the financial services industry will make him an
 effective addition to the board of directors.

Number, Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
 annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq.
 The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Bond and Bischoff, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Loveless and Goldfarb, will
 expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Matthews, will expire at our third annual general meeting.

Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder
 shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

Pursuant to an agreement entered into prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled
 to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
 is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may
 consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

80 

Table of Contents 

Director Independence

Nasdaq rules require that a majority of the board of directors of a company listed on Nasdaq must be composed of independent directors. An independent director is defined
 generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of
 independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that Messrs. Loveless, Bischoff and Goldfarb are independent directors under Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Because we expect to list
 our securities on Nasdaq in connection with our initial public offering, we have one year from the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq to have a majority of our board of directors consist of independent members.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating and corporate governance committee (the nominating committee and a compensation
 committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and
 a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.

Audit Committee

Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Section 10A of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
 directors. We have established an audit committee of the board of directors, which consists of Messrs. Loveless, Bischoff and Goldfarb. Each of Messrs. Loveless, Bischoff and Goldfarb meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq s listing
 standards and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Mr. Goldfarb serves as Chairman of our audit committee.

The audit committee is responsible for:

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems;

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding
 financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our
 financial statements or accounting policies;

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of this offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing
 compliance with the terms of this offering; and

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed
 and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.

81 

Table of Contents 

Financial Expert on Audit Committee

The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under Nasdaq s listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards
 define financially literate as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement.

In addition, we must certify to the Nasdaq Global Market that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance
 or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. We have determined that Mr. Goldfarb satisfies Nasdaq s definition of
 financial sophistication and also qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC.

Nominating Committee

We have established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Messrs. Loveless, Bischoff and Goldfarb, and Mr. Loveless
 serves as chairman of the nominating committee.

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its
 members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others.

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in a charter adopted by us, generally provides that persons to be nominated:

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its
 deliberations; and

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders.

The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy
 for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall
 experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.

Compensation Committee

We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are
 Messrs. Loveless, Bischoff and Goldfarb, and Mr. Bischoff serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such
 goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

82 

Table of Contents 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

The charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and
 will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.

However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the
 independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on
 our board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any
 amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Conflicts of Interest

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and

duty to exercise independent judgment.

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the
 general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director.

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a
 result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders, provided that there is full disclosure
 by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.

Our sponsor and certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities.
 As a result, if any of our sponsor or our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their
 fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities
 decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a
 director or an officer shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any
 interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

83 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor and its affiliates manage a number of Sponsor Funds, which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these Sponsor Funds decide to pursue any such
 opportunity or have existing investments in the issuer of such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within our sponsor, including by any director affiliated with our sponsor,
 may be suitable for both us and for a current or future Sponsor Fund and, in such a case, will be directed to such Sponsor Fund rather than to us. Neither our sponsor nor, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, any members of
 our management team who are also employed by our sponsor have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Our sponsor and/or members of our management team, in their
 capacities as officers, directors or employees of our sponsor or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above, current or future Sponsor Funds, or third parties, before
 they present such opportunities to us.

In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make investments and to sell existing investments because our sponsor may have material, non-public information regarding the
 issuers of the applicable securities or as a result of an existing investment by our sponsor. We may acquire a target from or, in which, one or more Sponsor Funds have an existing investment (or makes an investment at the same time or
 subsequently) at a different or overlapping level of the target s capital structure, creating a potential conflict between our position and the applicable Sponsor Funds position especially in the event of a bankruptcy. Our sponsor, its employees
 and Sponsor Funds may also have or make investments in, establish or serve on the boards of, businesses that compete with, provide services to, transact with, or otherwise have significant business relationships with the businesses we invest or
 seek to invest in. We may also forego an attractive investment opportunity as a result of an existing investment in the target or a competitor of the target by our sponsor, a Sponsor Fund or principals or employees of our sponsor, or to otherwise
 mitigate any conflict of interest or the perception of any conflict of interest.

Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial
 business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become
 involved. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are not required
 to commit any specified amount of time or resources to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time and resources among various business activities, including identifying potential business
 combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.

We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with one or more entities affiliated with our sponsor and/or one or more Sponsor Funds and/or one or
 more investors in Sponsor Funds. Such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to
 any such entity. Any participation by such entity in a Joint Acquisition or co-investment may be under terms that are different and more favorable to such entity than those applicable to us. Expenses incurred in connection with any Joint
 Acquisition or co-investment (including any broken deal expenses) may get allocated between us and such entity, which allocation is inherently subjective and creates a conflict of interest between our sponsor and us.

84 

Table of Contents 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management
 relationships:

Individual

Entity

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Shawn Matthews

Hondius Capital Management, LP

Investment Management

Chief Investment Officer

James Bond

Hondius Capital Management, LP

Investment Management

Chief Operating Officer

Jacob Loveless

Edgemesh Corporation

Technology and Infrastructure

Chief Executive Officer

Steven Bischoff

Atlantic Home Loans

Investment Management

Executive Vice President

David Goldfarb

Chauncey Advisors LLC

Investment Management

Chief Executive Officer

If any of the above executive officers and directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she
 has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the
 opportunity.

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and
 our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other
 business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.

Our initial shareholders subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of the Public Offering and purchased private placement warrants in a
 transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering.

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
 their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) our initial business combination, and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
 combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision
 relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and each member of our management team have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
 with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private
 placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial
 business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations,
 reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
 share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement
 warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because our directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in
 determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a
 target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in blank check companies similar to ours during the period
 in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates.

85 

Table of Contents 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
 business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our sponsor or our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
 independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or
 other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. We reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space and secretarial and administrative services
 provided to us in the amount of up to 10,000 per month.

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being
 the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their
 founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such
 provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud,
 willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our
 obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right,
 title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled
 to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an
 initial business combination.

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
 also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment
 may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space and secretarial and administrative services
 provided to us in the amount of up to 10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
 behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or
 directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any
 additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an
 initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective
 affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination.

86 

Table of Contents 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
 of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not
 established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination,
 because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of
 directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is
 possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting
 arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our
 initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination
 of employment.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance.

The following table sets forth information available to us at March 29, 2023 with respect to our ordinary shares held by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares;

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially own ordinary shares; and

all our executive officers and directors as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have shared or sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The
 following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants.

87 

Table of Contents 

Current Ownership 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Number of 

 Shares 

 Beneficially

 Owned (2) 

Approximate 

 Percentage

 of

 Outstanding 

 Ordinary

 Shares

HCM Investor Holdings, LLC

9,987,500 (3) 

25.7 

Shawn Matthews

9,987,500 (3) 

25.7 

James Bond

Jacob Loveless (4) 

25,000

Steven Bischoff (4) 

25,000

David Goldfarb (4) 

25,000

All executive officers and directors as a group

 (5 individuals)

10,062,500

25.9 

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 100 First Stamford Place, Suite 330, Stamford, Connecticut 06902.

(2) 

Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business
 combination. 

(3) 

Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Mr. Matthews, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the managing member of our sponsor. As such, each of the sponsor and Mr. Matthews may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares
 held directly by our sponsor. Mr. Matthews disclaims any beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares held directly by our sponsor, and disclaims any beneficial ownership of such shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest
 he may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) 

Our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors at the closing of the Public Offering.

Immediately after the Public Offering, our initial shareholders beneficially owned 25.9 of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming they do not
 purchase any units in the Public Offering) and will have the right to appoint all of our directors and to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public
 shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors or to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our
 initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant
 corporate transactions including our initial business combination.

Our sponsor, together with Cantor Fitzgerald, purchased an aggregate 13,000,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a
 price of 1.00 per warrant, in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of the Public Offering. Of these, our sponsor purchased 10,500,000 private placement warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald purchased 2,500,000 private placement
 warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one whole Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our founder shares, or placement warrants, which
 will expire worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination with 15 months from the completion of the Public Offering. The placement warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald
 or their permitted transferees (except as set forth under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants for Class A ordinary shares when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds
 10.20 ). If the placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald or their permitted transferees, the placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants
 included in the units being sold in the Public Offering. The placement warrants may also be exercised by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald or their permitted transferees on a cashless basis. In addition, for as long as placement warrants are held by
 Cantor Fitzgerald or its designees or affiliates, such placement warrants may not be exercised after five years from the commencement of sales of the Public Offering. Otherwise, the placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical
 to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the Public Offering.

88 

Table of Contents 

Our initial shareholders agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by them
 in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

Founder Shares

On February 10, 2021, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,187,500 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. On January 5, 2022, we effected a share
 capitalization in which our Sponsor was issued an additional 2,875,000 ordinary shares so that our Sponsor owned an aggregate of 10,062,500 Founder Shares. On January 25, 2022, our Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to each of our three
 independent directors at their original purchase price. At December 31, 2021, our Sponsor held 10,062,500 Founder Shares.

The Founder Shares are identical to the Public Shares included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain rights and transfer restrictions,
 as described in further detail below, and are automatically converted into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions contained in the
 Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

The Shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any Founder Shares during the Lock Up Period.

Private Placement Warrants

Prior to Closing, our Sponsor purchased 10,500,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 10,500,000, while Cantor purchase 2,500,000 Private Placement Warrants at a
 price of 1.00 per warrant, or 2,500,000. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. The Private Placement Warrants may not be redeemed by the Company so long as they are held
 by our Sponsor, Cantor or their permitted transferees. If any Private Placement Warrants are transferred to holders other than our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, such Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and
 exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Warrants included in the Units sold in the Public Offering. Our Sponsor has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis.

If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 15 months from Closing, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Company s Public Shares,
 subject to the requirements of applicable law, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.

Registration Rights

Holders of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants hold registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that the
 Company register under the Securities Act the Private Placement Warrants, and the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and Class B ordinary shares. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
 rights with respect to registration statements filed by the Company subsequent to its completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act.
 However, the registration rights agreement provides that that Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable Lock Up Period. The Company will bear the
 expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Related Party Notes

On December 30, 2021, our Sponsor loaned us 300,000 in unsecured promissory notes. The funds were used to pay up front expenses associated with our Public Offering. These notes were non-interest bearing and were
 repaid in full to our Sponsor at Closing.

Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
 as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combination opportunities. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or
 their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.

89 

Table of Contents 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with our Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are
 not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
 Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any,
 have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such
 funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account.

After our Business Combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our
 shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
 offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our Business Combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.

Administrative Services Agreement

At Closing, we entered into an agreement to pay 10,000 a month for office space, administrative and support services to an affiliate of our Sponsor, and will terminate the agreement upon the earlier of a Business
 Combination or our liquidation.

Director Independence

Nasdaq rules require that a majority of the board of directors of a company listed on Nasdaq must be composed of independent directors. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an
 officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
 the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that Messrs. Loveless, Bischoff and Goldfarb are independent directors under Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Because we expect to list our securities on Nasdaq in connection
 with our initial public offering, we have one year from the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq to have a majority of our board of directors consist of independent members.

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered.

Audit Fees . Audit fees
 consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for
 professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled
 66,040 and 43,775, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings.

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our
 financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum
 for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December
 31, 2021.

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

90 

Table of Contents 

Pre-Approval Policy

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the
 formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
 services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
 the audit) . 

91 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15 . 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 

(b) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by
 reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3) Exhibits

No.

Description of Exhibit

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated January 20, 2022, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co.

2.1 

Business Combination Agreement, dated March 13, 2023, by and among HCM Acquisition Corp, MURANO PV, S.A. DE C.V., El as Sacal Cababie,
 ES Agrupaci n, S.A. de C.V., Murano Global B.V., MPV Investment B.V., and Murano Global Cayman

3.1 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.

4.4 

Warrant Agreement, dated January 20, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
 agent.

10.1 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 20, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
 Company, as trustee.

10.2 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 20, 2022, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and the Underwriter.

10.3(a) 

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 20, 2022, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.3(b) 

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 20, 2022, by and between the Company and the Underwriter.

10.4 

Letter Agreement, dated January 20, 2022, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor.

10.5 

Administrative Support Agreement, dated January 20, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.6 

Sponsor Support Agreement, dated March 13, 2023, by and among HCM Investor Holdings, LLC, the other holders of HCM Class B Ordinary
 Shares, and Murano PV, S.A. de C.V.

24.1 

Power of Attorney (included on the signature pages herein).

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

(1) 

Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein.

(2) 

Previously filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 1, 2021, as amended, and incorporated by reference herein.

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained
 by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at
 www.sec.gov.

92 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

HCM Acquisition Corp

Date: March 29, 2023

By:

/s/ Shawn Matthews

Shawn Matthews

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

93 

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Shawn Matthews and James Bond and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent,
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
 documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
 necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or
 substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in
 the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name

Title

Date

/s/ Shawn Matthews

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

March 29, 2023

Shawn Matthews

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ James Bond

President, Chief Financial Officer and Director

March 29, 2023

James Bond

/s/ Steven Bischoff

Director

March 29, 2023

Steven Bischoff

/s/ David Goldfarb

Director

March 29, 2023

David Goldfarb

/s/ Jacob Loveless

Director

March 29, 2023

Jacob Loveless

94 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brhc10047334_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Shawn Matthews, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HCM Acquisition Corp;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)

[omitted];

(c)

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d)

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
 recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting.

Date: March 29, 2023

By:

/s/ Shawn Matthews

Shawn Matthews

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 brhc10047334_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, James Bond, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HCM Acquisition Corp;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)

[omitted];

(c)

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d)

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
 recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting.

Date: March 29, 2023

By:

/s/ James Bond

James Bond

President and Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 brhc10047334_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of HCM Acquisition Corp (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1)

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2)

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Registrant.

Date: March 29, 2023

By:

/s/ Shawn Matthews

Shawn Matthews

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 brhc10047334_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of HCM Acquisition Corp (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1)

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2)

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Registrant.

Date: March 29, 2023

By:

/s/ James Bond

James Bond

President and Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hcma-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hcma-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hcma-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hcma-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hcma-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

