<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1720592_0000950170-23-005561.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21687601</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>382892</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2304263</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10999779</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2595755</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4871916</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005561.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301162524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005561
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Repay Holdings Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001720592
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38531
		FILM NUMBER:		23693971

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 WEST PACES FERRY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(404) 504-7474

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 WEST PACES FERRY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Thunder Bridge Acquisition Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171024

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005561.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 rpay-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-votin g common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market on June 30, 2022, was . 
 As of February 22, 2023, there wer e s hares of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding (which number includes 2,018,576 of unve sted restricted stock that have voting rights) and shares of the registrant s Class V Common Stock, par value of 0.0001 per share, outstanding. As of February 22, 2023, the holders of such outstanding shares of Class V common stock also hold 7,861,271 units in a subsidiary of the registrant and such units are exchangeable into shares of the registrant s Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Auditor Firm ID: 				Auditor Name: 		Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 35 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 37 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 95 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 95 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 95 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 95 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 96 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 96 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 96 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 96 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 96 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 97 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 100 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, the macroeconomic conditions, the expected demand on our product offering, including further implementation of electronic payment options and statements regarding our market and growth opportunities, our financial performance, our business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. You generally can identify these statements by the use of words such as outlook, potential, continue, may, seek, approximately, predict, believe, expect, plan, intend, estimate or anticipate and similar expressions or the negative versions of these words or comparable words, as well as future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would, likely and could. These statements may be found under Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those risks described under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there is no assurance that the events or results suggested by the forward-looking statements will in fact occur, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 
 1 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 Our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. The following is a summary list of the principal risk factors that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. These are not the only risks and uncertainties we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the section titled Risk Factors , together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 The payment processing industry is highly competitive. 

Unauthorized disclosure of client or consumer data could expose us to liability and protracted and costly litigation, and damage our reputation. 

If we cannot keep pace with rapid developments and changes in our industry the use of our products and services could decline, causing a reduction in our revenues. 

If our vertical markets do not increase their acceptance of electronic payments or if there are adverse developments in the electronic payment industry in general our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Potential clients or software integration partners may be reluctant to switch to, or develop a relationship with, a new payment processor. 

If we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of payment networks and industry self-regulatory organizations, those payment networks or organizations could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations through our sponsor banks. 

We rely on sponsor banks in order to process electronic payment transactions, and such sponsor banks have substantial discretion with respect to certain elements of our business practices. If these sponsorships are terminated and we are not able to secure new sponsor banks, we will not be able to conduct our business. 

To acquire and retain clients, we depend on our software integration partners that integrate our services and solutions into software used by our clients. 

Failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud could increase our chargeback liability and other liability. 

Our processes to reduce fraud losses depend in part on our ability to restrict the deposit of processing funds while we investigate suspicious transactions. 

To the extent we cannot maintain savings related to favorable pricing or incentives on interchange and other payment network fees and cannot pass along any corresponding increases in such fees to our clients, our operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 

Our systems and those of our third-party providers may fail due to factors beyond our control. 

We rely on other service and technology providers. If such providers fail in or discontinue providing their services or technology to us, our ability to provide services to clients may be interrupted. 

We are subject to economic and political risk, the business cycles of our clients and software integration partners and the overall level of consumer and commercial spending. 

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak and the measures implemented to mitigate the spread of the virus could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risks associated with providing payment processing solutions. 

We may not be able to continue to expand our share in our existing vertical markets or continue to expand into new vertical markets. 

We may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. 

The loss of key personnel or the loss of our ability to attract, recruit, retain and develop qualified employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have been the subject of various claims and legal proceedings and may become the subject of claims, litigation or investigations. 

We may not be able to successfully execute our strategy of growth through acquisitions. 

Our acquisitions subject us to a variety of risks that could harm our business and the anticipated benefits from our acquisitions may not be realized on the expected timeline or at all. 

Risks Related to Regulation 
 
 2 

We and our clients are subject to extensive government regulation, and any new laws and regulations, industry standards or revisions made to existing laws, regulations or industry standards affecting our business, our clients businesses or the electronic payments industry, or our or our clients actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations. 

The businesses of many of our clients are strictly regulated in every jurisdiction in which they operate, and such regulations, and our clients failure to comply with them. 

We may be required to become licensed under state money transmission statutes. 

We must comply with laws and regulations prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices. 

Governmental regulations designed to protect or limit access to or use of consumer information could adversely affect our ability to effectively provide our products and services. 

Changes in tax laws or their judicial or administrative interpretations, or becoming subject to additional U.S., state or local taxes that cannot be passed through to our clients. 

We must maintain effective internal controls and our failure to maintain such controls could lead to litigations. 

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to meet our obligations under our indebtedness, react to changes in the economy or our industry and to raise additional capital to fund operations. 

Future operating flexibility is limited by the restrictive covenants in the Amended Credit Agreement, and we may be unable to comply with all covenants in the future. 

We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the 2026 Notes, or to repurchase the 2026 Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain, limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the 2026 Notes. 

The conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Provisions in the indenture could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of the Company. 

Risks Related to Our Ownership Structure 
 
 We are a holding company and our only material asset is our interest in Hawk Parent, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions made by our subsidiaries to pay taxes, make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, meet our financial obligations under the 2026 Notes and pay dividends. 

Under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we will be required to pay 100 of the tax benefits relating to tax depreciation or amortization deductions as a result of the tax basis step-up we receive in connection with the exchanges (including an exchange in a sale for cash) of Post-Merger Repay Units into our Class A common stock and related transactions, and those payments may be substantial. 

In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may exceed the actual tax benefits we realize or be accelerated. 

Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 
 Future issuances or sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such issuances or sales may occur, could cause the market price for our Class A common stock to decline. 

Our stock price may be volatile, which could negatively affect our business and operations. 

Because we do not currently intend to pay dividends, holders of our Class A common stock will benefit from an investment in our Class A common stock only if it appreciates in value. 

Delaware law and our governing documents contain certain provisions that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Our certificate of incorporation designates a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders. 

3 

PART i 
 Item 1. Business 
 Organizational Structure and Corporate Information 
 Repay Holdings Corporation was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on July 11, 2019 in connection with the closing of a transaction (the Business Combination pursuant to which Thunder Bridge Acquisition Ltd., a special purpose acquisition company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands Thunder Bridge ), (a) domesticated into a Delaware corporation and changed its name to Repay Holdings Corporation and (b) consummated the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary with and into Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Hawk Parent ). 
 Unless otherwise noted or unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we , us , Repay and the Company and similar references refer (1) before the Business Combination, to Hawk Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries and (2) from and after the Business Combination, to Repay Holdings Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless otherwise noted or unless the context otherwise requires, Thunder Bridge refers to Thunder Bridge Acquisition. Ltd. prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 We are headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. Our legacy business was founded as M A Ventures, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company doing business as REPAY: Realtime Electronic Payments REPAY LLC ), in 2006 by current executives John Morris and Shaler Alias. Hawk Parent was formed in 2016 in connection with the acquisition of a majority interest in the successor entity of REPAY LLC and its subsidiaries by certain investment funds sponsored by, or affiliated with, Corsair Capital LLC Corsair ). 
 Business Overview 
 We are a leading payments technology company. We provide integrated payment processing solutions to industry-oriented vertical markets in which businesses have specific and bespoke transaction processing needs. We refer to these markets as vertical markets or verticals. 
 We are a payments innovator, differentiated by our proprietary, integrated payment technology platform and our ability to reduce the complexity of electronic payments for businesses. We intend to continue to strategically target verticals where we believe our ability to tailor payment solutions to our clients needs and the embedded nature of our integrated payment solutions will drive strong growth by attracting new clients and fostering long-term client relationships. 
 Since a significant portion of our revenue is derived from volume-based payment processing fees, card payment volume is a key operating metric that we use to evaluate our business. We processed approximately 25.6 billion of total card payment volume in 2022. Our year-over-year card payment volume growth was approximately 25 in 2022 and 35 in 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had over 23,000 clients. Our top 10 clients, with an average tenure of approximately seven years, contributed to approximately 15 and 14 of total gross profit during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Our leading competitive position and differentiated solutions have enabled us to realize unique advantages in fast-growing and strategically-important segments of the payments market. We provide payment processing solutions to clients primarily operating in the personal loans, automotive loans, receivables management, and business-to-business verticals. Our payment processing solutions enable consumers and businesses in these verticals to make payments using electronic payment methods, rather than cash or check, which have historically been the primary methods of payment in these verticals. We believe that a growing number of consumers and businesses prefer the convenience and efficiency of paying with cards and other electronic methods and that we are poised to benefit as these verticals continue to shift from cash and check to electronic payments. The personal loans vertical is predominately characterized by installment loans, which are typically utilized by consumers to finance everyday expenses. The automotive loans vertical predominantly includes subprime automotive loans, automotive title loans and automotive buy-here-pay-here loans and also includes near-prime and prime automotive loans. Our receivables management vertical relates to consumer loan collections, which typically enter the receivables management process due to delinquency on credit card bills or as a result of major life events, such as job loss or major medical issues. The business-to-business vertical relates to transactions occurring between a wide variety of enterprise clients, many of which operate in the automotive, field services, healthcare, homeowner association HOA management and hospitality industries, as well as educational institutions and governments and municipalities. 
 Our go-to-market strategy combines direct sales with integrations with key software providers in our target verticals. The integration of our technology with key software providers in the verticals that we serve, including loan management 
 4 

systems, dealer management systems DMS ), collection management systems, and enterprise resource planning software systems, allows us to embed our omni-channel payment processing technology into our clients critical workflow software and ensure seamless operation of our solutions within our clients enterprise management systems. We refer to these software providers as our software integration partners. An integration allows our sales force to readily access new client opportunities or respond to inbound leads because, in many cases, a business will prefer, or in some cases only consider, a payments provider that has already integrated or is able to integrate its solutions with the business primary enterprise management system. We have successfully integrated our technology solutions with numerous, widely-used enterprise management systems in the verticals that we serve, which makes our platform a more compelling choice for the businesses that use them. Moreover, our relationships with our partners help us to develop deep industry knowledge regarding trends in client needs. Our integrated model fosters long-term relationships with our clients, which supports our volume retention rates that we believe are above industry averages. As of December 31, 2022, we maintained approximately 240 integrations with various software providers. 
 Segments 
 Starting from December 31, 2022, we report our financial results based on two reportable segments, Consumer Payments and Business Payments. For additional information on our segments, see Note 16. Segments to our consolidated financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Consumer Payments 
 Our Consumer Payments segment provides payment processing solutions (including debit and credit card processing, ACH processing and other electronic payment acceptance solutions, as well as our loan disbursement product) that enable our clients to collect payments and disburse funds to consumers and includes our clearing and settlement solutions RCS and Blue Cow Software business BCS ). RCS is our proprietary clearing and settlement platform through which we market customizable payment processing programs to other ISOs and payment facilitators. BCS provides enterprise resource planning software solutions that are customized to propane and fuel oil dealers. The strategic vertical markets served by our Consumer Payments segment primarily include personal loans, automotive loans, receivables management, credit unions, mortgage servicing, consumer healthcare, diversified retail and energy related software services. The BCS business was sold on February 15, 2023. Our Consumer Payments segment represented approximately 85 of our total revenue after any intersegment eliminations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Business Payments 
 Our Business Payments segment provides payment processing solutions (including accounts payable automation, debit and credit card processing, virtual credit card processing, Automated Clearing House ACH processing and other electronic payment acceptance solutions) that enable our clients to collect or send payments to other businesses. The strategic vertical markets served within our Business Payments segment primarily include retail automotive, education, field services, governments and municipalities, healthcare, HOA management and hospitality. Our Business Payments segment represented approximately 15 of our total revenue after any intersegment eliminations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Growth Strategies 
 We intend to drive future growth in the following ways: 
 Increase Penetration in Existing Verticals 
 We expect to grow meaningfully by continuing to provide innovative payment solutions and client support to our existing clients as well as new clients in the verticals that we currently serve. In addition, our business model allows us to benefit from the growth of our clients and software integration partners. As our clients payment volumes and transactions increase, our revenues increase as a result of the fees we charge for processing these payments. Many of the vertical markets in which we compete are continuing to shift from legacy payment mediums primarily cash and check to electronic forms of payment. We expect to benefit from this trend as our clients increasingly opt to process payments via the electronic forms of payment in which we specialize. 
 New Vertical and Geographic Expansion 
 We also expect that we will find attractive growth potential in certain verticals in which we currently have limited operations or do not operate. Though we offer highly customized payment solutions to our clients, our core technology platform 
 5 

is comprehensive and can be utilized to penetrate other strategic vertical markets. Additionally, we envision growing our geographic footprint, as new territories continue to present new business opportunities. For example, we are focused on expanding our Canadian operations, as the demand for our solutions among existing and prospective Canadian clients remains strong. 
 Strengthen and Extend Our Solution Portfolio through Continued Innovation. 
 As we further integrate our solution into our clients workflows, we will look to continue to innovate on our solution set and broaden our suite of services. Our acquisition of TriSource Solutions, LLC TriSource and our continued investment in our technology capabilities position us to provide value-added services that will address the evolving needs of our clients as they seek to best serve their customers. The ability to serve clients across verticals and to be integrated across various software platforms enables us to better understand the needs of clients across verticals and to scale our innovative solutions to a broad segment of the market. 
 Continue to Drive Operational Efficiencies 
 As we continue to grow, we expect to become a more significant partner to our sponsor banks, third party processors and software integration partners, which we expect will give us greater leverage as we expand our contractual relationships with them. We plan to continue to drive operating leverage in our non-technology personnel expenditures, as we believe that, in general we can process larger payment volumes without significant increases to our personnel and operating expenses. 
 Strategic Acquisitions 
 From January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2022, we have successfully acquired eleven businesses. Given the large size and attractive growth trends of our current addressable market, we are primarily focused on growing our business organically. However, we may selectively pursue strategic acquisitions as opportunities arise that meet our internal requirements for the use of capital and return on investment. Some of these opportunities may include those that enable us to acquire new capabilities that may be harder to develop in-house, gain entrance into new segments of the market, enter new markets, or consolidate our existing market. 
 Solutions 
 We provide our clients with comprehensive solutions, which can generally be categorized as follows: 
 Payment Acceptance 

o Debit and Credit Card Processing Allows our clients to accept card payments. These payments can be made using any of our payment channels, as further described below. 

o ACH Processing Our ACH processing capabilities allow our clients to send and accept traditional and same-day ACH transactions. 

o ECash Through third party relationships, we can facilitate customers who want to make payments with cash by converting it into digital payments that are deposited with our clients. 

o Digital Wallet Services Enables customers to quickly and easily pay using payment data securely stored in the digital wallets of their mobile devices. 

Accounts Payable Automation 

o Virtual Credit Card Processing Our virtual credit card product offering enables our clients to automate their payables transactions by sending single-use virtual credit cards to their suppliers. 

o Enhanced ACH Processing Provides the same functionality as our standard ACH processing capability, but with the added benefit of incremental transaction and reconciliation data. 

Clearing and Settlement Our RCS business offers ISOs and payment facilitators clearing and settlement solutions for all major card brands 

Instant Funding Our instant funding capabilities allow our clients to transfer funds directly to a consumer s debit or prepaid card. We have created a proprietary process that decreases processing delays typically associated with traditional fund disbursements. 

6 

The above payment acceptance and funding methods are processed through our proprietary payment channels: 
 Web-based 

o Virtual Terminal A terminal that provides virtual payment access for processing of ACH or card transactions. 

o Hosted Payment Page A client-branded terminal that enables ACH and card transaction processing. 

o Online Client Portal A consumer-facing, client-specific website that gives a client s customer the ability to pay online and view account information anywhere, anytime. A Repay hosted website may be stand alone or integrated with any other software application. 

Mobile Application We provide clients the ability to accept payments via a mobile application on a customized, white-label basis. 

Text-to-Pay Allows a business customer to pay with a simple text message after receiving an SMS alert that reminds such customer when payments are due. 

Interactive Voice Response IVR A secure and flexible option to pay over the phone, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, via a 1-800 number with bilingual capabilities. 

Point of Sale POS We provide payment acceptance at brick-and-mortar locations through POS equipment that requires a client s customer to provide a card. 

Sales and Distribution 
 Our sales effort primarily consists of two strategies: first, our direct sales representatives, who focus on each of our core verticals, and second, our software integration partners, which enable the direct salesforce to more effectively access new client opportunities and respond to inbound leads. 
 Direct Sales Representatives 
 Our sales representatives are organized by vertical market and account size. Direct sales representatives work with our clients and software integration partners to understand our clients desired payment solutions and then communicate those desires to our product and technology teams, who build a customized suite of products and payment channels tailored to our clients specific needs. We also maintain a sales support team that supports the onboarding process. 
 Software Integration Partners 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were integrated with approximately 240 software partners that are providers of our clients primary enterprise management systems. Our integrations ensure seamless delivery of our full suite of payment processing capabilities to our clients. These integrations are also a critical part of our marketing strategy, as many clients would prefer to award their payments business to payments processors who have worked to integrate their solutions into the client s enterprise management systems. 
 Operations 
 We believe that we have developed an effective operations system, including our proprietary onboarding, compliance and client oversight processes, which is structured to enhance the performance of our platform and support our clients. 
 Client and Transaction Risk Management 
 We target clients that we identify as low-risk through the development of underwriting policies and transaction management procedures to manage approval of new accounts and to establish ongoing monitoring of client accounts. Effective risk management aids us in minimizing client losses, such as those relating to chargebacks or similar rejected transactions, and avoiding fraud for the mutual benefit of our clients, our sponsor banks and ourselves. 
 Proprietary Compliance Management System . We have developed proprietary onboarding, compliance, and client oversight processes, of which our Compliance Management System CMS is a part. Our CMS, developed in conjunction 
 7 

with the Third Party Payment Processors Association, focuses on four main components board and management oversight, a compliance program with written policies and procedures and employee training and monitoring, responsiveness to consumer complaints and annual compliance audits from an independent third party and is inclusive of the Electronic Transaction Association guidelines on underwriting and risk. 
 Client Onboarding . We believe we maintain rigorous underwriting standards. Prospective clients submit applications to our credit underwriting department, which performs verification and credit-related checks on all applicants. Each client is assigned a risk profile based on sponsor bank requirements, as well as additional criteria specified by us. Our sponsor banks periodically review and approve of our underwriting policies to ensure compliance with applicable law, regulations and payment network rules. Upon approval, the ongoing risk level of a client is monitored and adjusted on a monthly basis based on additional data relating to such client. 
 Client Monitoring . Each client s file is assigned one of three risk levels (low, medium or high) corresponding to several client behaviors. We review and adjust these risk levels on a monthly basis and additionally subject them to more in-depth quarterly reviews. We also engage third parties and rely on internal reporting to identify and monitor credit/fraud risk. We generate client-specific reports that compile daily and historical transactions, which may include average ticket, transaction volume, refund and chargeback levels and authorization history, which we utilize in order to identify suspicious processing activity. We review these reports on a daily basis and suspend any irregular processing activity, which is subject to review, remediation and, as appropriate, suspension of either an individual or batch of transactions or a particular client, as applicable. 
 Investigation and Loss Prevention . If a client exceeds the parameters established by our underwriting and/or risk management team or we determine that a client has violated the payment network rules or the terms of its service agreement with us, one of our team members will identify and document the incident. We then review the incident to determine the actions taken or that we can take to reduce our exposure to loss and the exposure of our client to liability. As a part of this process, we may request additional transaction information, withhold or divert funds, verify delivery of merchandise or, in some circumstances, deactivate the client account, include the client on the Network Match List to notify our industry of the client s behavior or take legal action against the client. 
 Collateral . We require some of our clients to establish cash or non-cash collateral reserves, which may include certificates of deposit, letters of credit, rolling merchant reserves or upfront cash. This collateral is utilized in order to offset potential credit or fraud risk liability that we may incur. We attempt to hold such collateral reserves for as long as we are exposed to a loss resulting from a client s payment processing activity. 
 Chargebacks . The payment networks permit the reversal of a money transfer, a chargeback, up to six months (or in rare cases, a longer time frame) after the later of the date the transaction is processed or the delivery of the product or service to the cardholder. If the client incurring the chargeback is unable to fund the refund to the card-issuing bank, we are required to do so by the rules of the payment networks and our contractual arrangements with our sponsor banks. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we believe our chargeback rate was under 1 of our payment volume. 
 Security, Disaster Recovery, and Back-up Systems 
 We adhere to industry security standards to protect the payment information that we process. We regularly scan and update our network, systems and application code and malware defenses. We use a third party vendor solution for security education materials. Every employee and contractor is required to successfully complete annual security awareness training. We routinely retain external parties to audit our systems compliance with current security standards as established by the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards PCI DSS ), Service Organization Control SOC1 Type II, SOC2 Type II ), Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA and International Organization for Standardization ISO 27001 and to test our systems against vulnerability to unauthorized access. We utilize third party vendors for internal and external penetration testing. Further, we use one of the most advanced commercially available technologies to encrypt the cardholder numbers and client data that we store in our databases. Additionally, we have a dedicated team responsible for continuous monitoring and security incident response. This team also develops, maintains, tests and verifies our incident response plan. Disaster recovery is built into our primary payment gateway through redundant hardware and software applications hosted in two distinct cloud regions. Our primary cloud region for the payment gateway infrastructure is set up to be replicated, substantially on a real time basis, by our secondary cloud region such that if our primary cloud region becomes impaired or unavailable, operations are redirected to the secondary cloud region. Our incident response team tests these systems each quarter to assess the effectiveness of our disaster recovery plan, including staff readiness and operational capability. 
 Third Party Processors and Sponsor Banks 
 8 

We partner with institutions in the payment chain to provide authorization, settlement and funding services in connection with our clients transactions. These institutions include third party processors and sponsor banks, who sit between us, acting as the merchant acquirer or payment processor, and the payment networks, such as Visa, MasterCard and Discover. These processors and vendors in turn have agreements with the payment networks, which permit them to route transaction information through their networks in exchange for fees. 
 When we facilitate a transaction as a merchant acquirer, we utilize third party processors such as Global Payments, Inc. Under such processing arrangements, the third-party processors and vendors receive processing fees, which are typically based on the number of transactions processed. 
 In order for us to process and settle transactions for our clients, we have entered into sponsorship agreements with banks that are members of the payment networks. We are required to register with the payment networks through these bank partners because we, as a payment processor, are not a member bank as defined by the major payment networks. Our member bank partners sponsor our adherence to the rules and standards of the payment networks and enable us to route transactions under the sponsor banks control and identification numbers (for example, known as BIN for Visa and ICA for MasterCard) across the card and ACH networks to authorize and clear transactions. Our relationships with multiple sponsor banks give us the flexibility to shift payment volumes between them, which is designed to help us to secure more competitive pricing for our clients and to maintain redundancy. 
 When we facilitate a client s payment to its suppliers or vendors, we typically utilize the services of third party program managers, such as Wex Inc. and Comdata Inc. (a subsidiary of FleetCor Technologies, Inc.), who have arrangements with banks to operate card issuance programs. Under such arrangements, the program manager and issuing bank retain a portion of the interchange generated by each transaction. Under the applicable contractual arrangements, our clients are generally required to prefund these payments. Because we are not a licensed money transmitter, we have entered into custodial agreements with banks or other financial institutions who will hold our clients funds in trust. 
 See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We rely on other service and technology providers. If such providers fail in or discontinue providing their services or technology to us, our ability to provide services to clients may be interrupted, and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.for further discussion of our arrangements with certain service providers. 
 Competitive Conditions and Market Trends 
 We compete with a variety of payment processing companies that have different business models, go-to-market strategies and technical capabilities. In our Consumer Payments segment, our primary competitors include ACI Worldwide, Paymentus, PayNearMe, and PayScout. We also compete in our Consumer Payments segment against many traditional merchant acquirers, such as financial institutions, affiliates of financial institutions and payment processing companies in the payment processing industry, including Bank of America Merchant Services, Elavon (a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp), Wells Fargo Merchant Services, Global Payments, WorldPay (a subsidiary of Fidelity National Information Services) and Fiserv. In our Business Payments segment, our primary competitors include AvidXchange, Corporate Spending Innovations (a division of Edenred), Nvoicepay (a division of FleetCor Technologies), Paya and Zelis. We believe the most significant competitive factors in the markets in which we compete are: (1) economics, including fees charged to merchants and commission payouts to software integration partners; (2) product offering, including emerging technologies and development by other participants in the payments ecosystem; (3) service, including product functionality, value-added solutions and strong client support for both clients and software integration partners; and (4) reliability, including a strong reputation for quality service and trusted software integration partners. Our competitors include large and well-established companies, including banks, credit card providers, technology and ecommerce companies and traditional retailers, many of which are larger than we are, have a dominant and secure position in the markets in which they operate or offer other products and services to consumers and clients which we do not offer. Moreover, we compete against all forms of payments, including credit cards, bank transfers, and traditional payment methods, such as cash and check. 
 We believe there is a significant digital shift in our industry. Many of the vertical markets in which we compete are continuing to shift from legacy payment mediums primarily cash and check to electronic forms of payment. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting changes in consumer behavior has led to an accelerated shift to electronic payments. We expect to benefit from this trend as our clients increasingly opt to process payments via the electronic forms of payment in which we specialize. 
 We have experienced in the past, and may continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in our volumes and revenues as a result of consumer spending patterns. Volumes and revenues during the first quarter of the calendar year tend to increase 
 9 

in comparison to the remaining three quarters of the calendar year on a same store basis. This increase is due to consumers receipt of tax refunds and the increases in repayment activity levels that follow. 
 Acquisitions 
 Our historical acquisition activity has allowed us to access new markets, acquire industry talent, broaden our product suite, and supplement organic growth. Our current acquisition strategy focuses on integrated payments companies serving attractive vertical markets and opportunities to broaden our product offerings. From January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2022, we have completed eleven acquisitions, which are described below. These acquisitions were of payment companies and are representative of the acquisitions we envision consummating in the future. 
 Sigma Acquisition 
 Effective as of January 1, 2016, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Sigma Payment Solutions, Inc. Sigma ). Sigma was an electronic payment solutions provider to the automotive finance industry. The transaction marked our expansion into the automotive finance space. We have benefited greatly from Sigma s deep integrations with automotive finance software platforms, or DMS. 
 PaidSuite Acquisition 
 On September 28, 2017, we acquired substantially all of the assets of PaidSuite, Inc. and PaidMD, LLC (collectively, PaidSuite ). PaidSuite was an electronic payment solutions provider to the accounts receivable management industry. The transaction accelerated our growth into the accounts receivable management space via client and software integration partner relationships. 
 Paymaxx Acquisition 
 On December 15, 2017, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Paymaxx Pro, LLC Paymaxx ). The acquisition of Paymaxx has been highly complementary to our earlier acquisition of Sigma and has bolstered our position in the niche automotive finance market. As part of the acquisition, we acquired increased distribution capabilities in the form of an internal sales force and numerous DMS integrations. 
 TriSource Acquisition 
 On August 14, 2019, we acquired all of the equity interests of TriSource. Since 2012, we have used TriSource as one of our primary third-party processors for settlement solutions when we facilitate transactions as a merchant acquirer. The acquisition of TriSource has provided further control over our transaction processing ecosystem and accelerated product delivery capabilities. 
 APS Acquisition 
 On October 14, 2019, we acquired substantially all of the assets of American Payment Services of Coeur D Alene, LLC, North American Payment Solutions LLC, and North American Payment Solutions Inc. (collectively, APS . The acquisition of APS meaningfully expanded our addressable market by enabling us to access the business-to-business vertical. 
 Ventanex Acquisition 
 On February 10, 2020, we acquired all of the equity interests of CDT Technologies, LTD. d/b/a Ventanex Ventanex ). The acquisition of Ventanex accelerated our entry into the healthcare payments vertical. 
 cPayPlus Acquisition 
 On July 23, 2020, we acquired all of the equity interest of cPayPlus, LLC cPayPlus ). The acquisition of cPayPlus further expanded our business-to-business automation and payment offering to include accounts payable automation and payment solutions for both existing and prospective clients across all business lines. 
 CPS Acquisition 
 On November 2, 2020, we acquired all of the equity interests of CPS Payment Services , LLC, Media Payments, LLC, and Custom Payment Systems, LLC (collectively, CPS ). The acquisition of CPS enhanced our business-to-business accounts payable automation offerings and introduced our solutions to new verticals including education, government, and media sectors. 
 10 

BillingTree Acquisition 
 	On June 15, 2021, we acquired all of the equity interests of BT Intermediate, LLC (together with its subsidiaries, BillingTree ). The acquisition of BillingTree further expanded our position in the healthcare, credit union, and accounts receivable management industries and significantly enhanced our scale and our client diversification. 
 Kontrol Acquisition 
 	On June 22, 2021, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Kontrol LLC Kontrol ). The acquisition of Kontrol grew our accounts payable automation business and enabled us to leverage our existing B2B technology infrastructure to increase our virtual card volume. 
 Payix Acquisition 
 On December 29, 2021, we acquired Payix Holdings Incorporated (together with its subsidiary, Payix ). The acquisition of Payix expanded our position in the large and growing automotive finance market and provided further access to software integrations with leading loan management system and DMS integrations. 
 Government Regulation 
 We operate in an increasingly complex and ever evolving legal and regulatory environment. Our and our clients businesses are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as the rules and standards of the payment networks that we utilize to provide our electronic payment services. While in some cases payment processors such as Repay are not directly regulated by governmental agencies, because of the rules and regulations enacted at the state and federal level that affect our clients and sponsor banks, we have developed and continually evaluate and update our compliance models to keep up with the rapid evolution of the legal and regulatory regime our clients and sponsor banks face. We are also subject to legal and regulatory requirements which govern the use, storage and distribution of the information we collect from our clients and cardholders while processing transactions. 
 Dodd-Frank Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act and its related rules and regulations have resulted in significant changes to the regulation of the financial services industry, including the electronic payment industry. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, debit interchange transaction fees that a card issuer receives and are established by a payment card network for an electronic debit transaction are regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). The Dodd-Frank Act and the Federal Reserve s implementing regulations require that such interchange fees be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the issuer in processing the transactions. Federal Reserve regulations implementing this reasonable and proportional requirement have capped debit interchange rates for card issuers operating in the United States with assets of 10 billion or more. In addition, the regulations contain certain prohibitions on card brand network exclusivity and merchant routing restrictions of debit card transactions. As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, merchants are also allowed to set minimum dollar amounts (within certain parameters) for the acceptance of a credit card, and they are allowed to provide discounts or incentives to entice consumers to pay with an alternative payment method, such as cash, checks or debit cards. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), which has rulemaking authority over consumer protection laws, including the authority to regulate consumer financial products in the United States, including consumer credit, deposit, payment, and similar products. The CFPB may also have authority over us as a provider of services to regulated financial institutions in connection with consumer financial products. Any new rules or regulations implemented by the CFPB, and other similar regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions, or pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that are applicable to us or our clients businesses, or any adverse changes thereto, could increase our cost of doing business or limit our current offerings of integrated payment solutions. 
 Privacy and Information Security Regulations 
 We provide services that may be subject to various state and federal privacy laws and regulations. Relevant federal privacy laws include the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, which (along with its implementing regulations) restricts certain collection, processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal information, requires notice to individuals of privacy practices and provides individuals with certain rights to prevent the use and disclosure of certain nonpublic or otherwise legally protected information. These rules also impose requirements for the safeguarding and proper destruction of personal information through the issuance of data security standards or guidelines. Our business may also be subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1970, 
 11 

as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003, which regulates the use and reporting of consumer credit information and imposes disclosure requirements on entities who take adverse action based on information obtained from credit reporting agencies. All fifty states have enacted data breach notification laws requiring businesses that experience a security breach of their computer databases that contain personal information to notify affected individuals, consumer reporting agencies and governmental agencies. In addition, there are state laws that restrict the ability to collect and utilize certain types of personal information, such as Social Security and driver s license numbers, and impose secure disposal requirements for personal data. Certain state laws mandate businesses to implement reasonable data security measures. In addition, various states, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia, have recently enacted laws concerning privacy, data protection and information security. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ), which went into effect on January 1, 2020 and was amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the CRPA ), for which most provisions were effective on January 1, 2023, requires companies that process personal information of California residents to make certain disclosures to consumers about data practices, grants consumers specific access rights to their data, allows consumers to opt out of certain data sharing activities and creates a private right of action for data breaches. The CPRA also establishes a privacy enforcement agency known as the California Privacy Protection Agency. Other states are expected to enact in new similar laws and regulations in the near future. 
 Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act 
 HIPAA and its related rules and regulations establish policies and procedures for maintaining the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information Protected Health Information ). The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and its related rules and regulations extended the privacy and security provisions of HIPAA to Business Associates of Covered Entities (each as defined by HIPAA). 
 Some of our clients are Covered Entities. In providing certain services for our Covered Entity clients, we may receive, maintain, and transmit Protected Health Information on their behalf, and we may be a Business Associate. To the extent we are a Business Associate, we are subject to HIPAA rules and regulations regarding privacy and security of Protected Health Information. In connection with certain services, we may enter into Business Associate Agreements with our Covered Entity clients, requiring compliance with HIPAA rules and regulations, and defining permissible uses and disclosures of Protected Health Information. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Regulation 
 Our business is subject to U.S. federal anti-money laundering laws and regulations. We are also subject to certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by OFAC that prohibit or restrict transactions to or from (or transactions dealing with) narcotics traffickers, terrorists, terrorist organizations, certain individuals, specified countries, their governments and, in certain circumstances, their nationals. Similar anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing and proceeds of crime laws apply to movements of currency and payments through electronic transactions and to dealings with persons specified on lists maintained by organizations similar to OFAC in several other countries and which may impose specific data retention obligations or prohibitions on intermediaries in the payment process. We have developed and continue to enhance compliance programs and policies to monitor and address related legal and regulatory requirements and developments. 
 Unfair or Deceptive Acts or Practices 
 We and many of our clients are subject to Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices and various state laws similar in scope and subject matter thereto. In addition, laws prohibiting these activities and other laws, rules and or regulations, including the Telemarketing Sales Rule, may directly impact the activities of certain of our clients, and in some cases may subject us, as the client s payment processor or provider of certain services, to investigations, fees, fines and disgorgement of funds if we are deemed to have aided and abetted or otherwise provided the means and instrumentalities to facilitate the illegal or improper activities of a client through our services. Various federal and state regulatory enforcement agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission FTC and the states attorneys general, have authority to take action against payment processors who violate such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent we are 
 12 

processing payments or providing services for a client suspected of violating such laws, rules and regulations, we may face enforcement actions and, as a result, incur losses and liabilities that may adversely affect our business. 
 In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act gave the CFPB broad authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices UDAAP in connection with the provision of consumer financial products and services. The CFPB has extended certain UDAAP-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act to directly apply to payment processors. 
 Indirect Regulatory Requirements 
 Certain of our clients and our sponsor banks are financial institutions that are directly subject to various regulations and compliance obligations issued by the CFPB, the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the National Credit Union Administration and other agencies responsible for regulating financial institutions, which includes state financial institution regulators. While these regulatory requirements and compliance obligations do not apply directly to us, many of these requirements materially affect the services we provide to our clients and us overall. The financial institution regulators have imposed requirements on regulated financial institutions to manage their third-party service providers. Among other things, these requirements include performing appropriate due diligence when selecting third-party service providers; evaluating the risk management, information security, and information management systems of third-party service providers; imposing contractual protections in agreements with third-party service providers (such as performance measures, audit and remediation rights, indemnification, compliance requirements, confidentiality and information security obligations, insurance requirements and limits on liability); and conducting ongoing monitoring, diligence and audit of the performance of third-party service providers. Accommodating these requirements applicable to our clients impose additional costs and risks in connection with our relationships with financial institutions. We expect to expend significant resources on an ongoing basis in an effort to assist our clients in meeting their legal requirements. 
 Additionally, our clients, particularly those in the personal loans, automotive loans and receivables management verticals, are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations that impose restrictions and requirements on their businesses. For personal lenders and automotive lenders, these laws and regulations could include limitations on interest rates and fees, maximum loan amounts and the number of simultaneous or consecutive loans, imposition of required waiting periods between loans, loan extensions and refinancing, requiring payment schedules (including maximum and minimum loan durations) or repayment plans for borrowers claiming inability to repay loans, mandating disclosures, security for loans, licensing requirements and, in certain jurisdictions, database reporting and loan utilization information. For receivables management companies, these laws and regulations could include laws and regulations (including the federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act FDCPA and comparable state laws) regarding the time, place and manner of communications with consumers regarding debt collection and prohibitions or limitations on certain debt collection practices. Lastly, some of our clients are subject to various state laws and regulations that prohibit or limit the imposition of a surcharge or convenience fee in connection with their customers use of a payment card or other form of electronic payment. 
 Payment Network Rules and Standards 
 Payment networks, such as Visa, MasterCard and American Express, establish their own rules and standards that allocate liabilities and responsibilities among the payment networks and their participants. These rules and standards, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, govern a variety of areas, including how consumers and customers may use their cards, whether (and the terms under which) convenience fees or surcharges may be imposed in connection with the use of their cards, the security features of cards, security standards for processing, data security and allocation of liability for certain acts or omissions, including liability in the event of a data breach. The payment networks may change these rules and standards from time to time as they may determine in their sole discretion and with or without advance notice to their participants. These changes may be made for any number of reasons, including as a result of changes in the regulatory environment, to maintain or attract new participants, or to serve the strategic initiatives of the networks, and may impose additional costs and expenses on or be disadvantageous to certain participants. Participants are subject to audit by the payment networks to ensure compliance with applicable rules and standards. The networks may fine, penalize or suspend the registration of participants for certain acts or omissions or the failure of the participants to comply with applicable rules and standards. 
 In order for us to process and settle transactions for our clients, we have entered into sponsorship agreements with banks that are members of the payment networks. We are required to register with the payment networks through these bank partners because we, as a payment processor, are not a member bank as defined by the major payment networks rules and standards governing access to those networks. Our bank partners sponsor our adherence to the rules and standards of the payment networks and enable us to route transactions under the sponsor banks control and identification numbers (known as BIN for Visa and ICA for MasterCard) across the card and ACH networks to authorize and clear transactions. Payment network rules restrict us from performing funds settlement and require that merchant settlement funds be in the possession of the member 
 13 

bank until the merchant is funded. These restrictions place the settlement assets and liabilities under the control of the member bank. 
 Our sponsorship agreements give our sponsor banks substantial discretion in approving certain aspects of our business practices, including our solicitation, application and qualification procedures for clients and the terms of our agreements with clients, and provide them with the right to audit our compliance with the payment network rules and guidelines. We are also subject to network operating rules and guidelines promulgated by the National Automated Clearing House Association NACHA relating to payment transactions we process using the Automated Clearing House Network. Like the payment networks, NACHA may update its operating rules and guidelines at any time, which can require us to take more costly compliance measures or to develop more complex monitoring systems. Similarly, our ACH sponsor banks have the right to audit our compliance with NACHA s rules and guidelines, and are given wide discretion to approve certain aspects of our business practices and terms of our agreements with ACH clients. 
 Other Regulation 
 We are subject to U.S. federal and state unclaimed or abandoned property (escheat) laws, which require us to turn over to certain government authorities the property of others we hold that has been unclaimed for a specified period of time, such as account balances that are due to a software integration partner or client following discontinuation of its relationship with us. The Housing Assistance Tax Act of 2008 requires certain merchant acquiring entities and third-party settlement organizations to provide information returns for each calendar year with respect to payments made in settlement of electronic payment transactions and third-party payment network transactions occurring in that calendar year. Reportable transactions are also subject to backup withholding requirements. 
 The foregoing is not an exhaustive list of the laws and regulations to which we are subject and the regulatory framework governing our business is changing continuously. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Certain of our products and services are based on proprietary software and related payment systems solutions. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws, as well as employee and third-party non-disclosure, confidentiality, and other contractual arrangements to establish, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property rights in our technology, including with respect to our proprietary rights related to our products and services. In addition, we license technology from third parties that is integrated into some of our solutions. 
 We own a number of registered service marks, including REPAY and REPAY REALTIME ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS , and we have other pending applications. We also own a number of domain names, including www.repay.com. For additional information regarding some of the risks relating to our intellectual property see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Human Capital 
 Our employees are a critical component of our success. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 579 full-time employees throughout the U.S. and Canada. We have 12 office locations in the U.S. and have a remote employee presence in 42 states. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 We strive to create and maintain a special culture at REPAY that focuses on our values of excellence, passion, integrity, respect, and innovation. Our strong emphasis on culture is intended to empower our employees to make decisions and develop themselves personally and professionally. One of our priorities is to maintain and enhance our culture as we grow in employee size and integrate new team members. 
 We participate in an annual employee engagement and feedback survey which allows all full-time employees to anonymously give us feedback on our workplace culture, employee programs, and more. In 2022, 80 of participants responded that REPAY is a great place to work. Our employees feedback from the annual surveys have allowed us to be certified as a Great Place to Work for the last seven consecutive years. We take employee feedback seriously and share the results of the survey, along with an action plan of how we can continue to improve, with all employees. 
 Attracting, developing, and retaining top talent is a priority at REPAY and we have a dedicated human resources team that focuses on these initiatives. To ensure we stay competitive in the talent market, we strive to make it clear to our employees 
 14 

that we value and appreciate them, and reward high performance. We foster a culture of rewards and recognition and incentivize our employees with opportunities for growth within the company. New employees are welcomed through our virtual new hire onboarding experience, which consists of at-home equipment, welcome gift packages, an onboarding plan with consistent communication, and human resources orientation, ensures our new hires have the support they need. Additionally, new hire spotlights are socialized in our monthly newsletters to ensure new team members are introduced to the Company and receive a warm welcome and every one of our new employees has the opportunity to meet with our CEO for a coffee chat within their first month of employment. 
 REPAY s leadership empowers each team member to make a difference and stretch to their fullest potential. Our dedication to frequent, transparent communication is shown with company-wide meetings where our leaders share Company vision and encourage employees to ask questions. Several departments across the Company hold annual training summits where team members have an opportunity to collaborate with fellow colleagues, participate in department-specific training and further enhance their skillsets. Our compensation strategy gives us competitive advantages by offering competitive salaries, bonus potential and employee ownership opportunities for a meaningful portion of our employees through equity incentive grants. 
 We recognize the importance of giving back to the communities in which we live. Participating in community outreach initiatives and volunteer opportunities is extremely important to our employees and has become an integral part of our corporate culture. Throughout the year, we provide multiple ways for team members to volunteer and positively impact the surrounding communities. 
 We value diverse backgrounds, perspectives and experiences, and we are committed to providing an inclusive environment where all individuals are heard and respected. We maintain an Employee Resource Group aimed at connecting and creating a network for women at REPAY. This group meets several times throughout the year to discuss relevant topics and connect with others at the Company. We have also partnered with diverse organizations and higher education programs, to identify a more diverse pool of qualified candidates for recruitment. We continue to evaluate our diversity and inclusion program and are in various phases of implementing several strategic initiatives, which we believe will help us cultivate a more diverse workforce and inclusive environments. Our diversity and inclusion initiatives are periodically reviewed and discussed at the board level. 
 We offer a comprehensive benefits package, which goes into effect on a person s first day of employment, including 100 coverage of employee healthcare premiums and several benefits at no cost to our employees, including life insurance, telehealth, mental health and work-life balance resources. We perform a thorough review of our benefits package annually. Among other benefits, we continue to offer an Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). The ESPP is highly valued because it gives our employees the opportunity to become shareholders in REPAY at a discounted price. The financial future of our employees is important to us, which is why we have a generous 401(k)-employer match and performance-based bonus program. To promote personal and professional growth, we encourage our employees to pursue ongoing training and career development opportunities, and we provide tuition assistance and reimbursement for certain pre-approved continuing education programs and professional certifications. 
 Available Information 
 We maintain a website at www.repay.com, through which you may access our public filings free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Information contained on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the inclusion of our website address in this report is an inactive textual reference only. 
 Item 1A. Ri sk Factors 
 Our business involves significant risks. In addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed above under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, you should carefully consider the specific risks set forth herein. If any of these risks actually occur, it may materially harm our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. As a result, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additionally, the risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any document incorporated by reference herein are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may become material and adversely affect our business. 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, we, us, our, Repay and the Company refer to the business of Repay Holdings Corporation and its subsidiaries. In the sections of the Risk Factors entitled Risks Related to Our Ownership Structure and Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock, we, us and our refer only to Repay Holdings Corporation excluding, unless the context requires otherwise or as expressly stated, its subsidiaries. 
 15 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 The payment processing industry is highly competitive. Such competition could adversely affect the fees we receive, and as a result, our margins, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 	The market for payment processing services is highly competitive. There are other payment processing service providers that have established a sizable market share in the markets in which we compete and service more clients than we do. Our growth will depend, in part, on a combination of the continued growth of the electronic payment market and our ability to increase our market share. 
 Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technological, management and marketing resources than we have. Accordingly, if these competitors target our business model and, in particular, the vertical markets that we serve, they may be able to offer more attractive fees or payment terms and advances to our clients and more attractive compensation to our software integration partners. They also may be able to offer and provide services and solutions that we do not offer. There are also a large number of small providers of processing services, including emerging technology and non-traditional payment processing companies, that provide various ranges of services to our existing and potential clients. This competition may effectively limit the prices we can charge, cause us to increase the compensation we pay to our software integration partners and require us to control costs aggressively in order to maintain acceptable profit margins. 
 Unauthorized disclosure of client or consumer data, whether through breach of our computer systems, computer viruses or otherwise, could expose us to liability and protracted and costly litigation and damage our reputation. 
 We are responsible for data security for us and for third parties with whom we partner, including with respect to rules and regulations established by the payment networks, such as Visa, MasterCard and Discover, and debit card networks. These third parties include our clients, software integration partners and other third-party service providers and agents. We and other third parties collect, process, store and/or transmit sensitive data, such as names, addresses, social security numbers, credit or debit card numbers, expiration dates, driver s license numbers, bank account numbers and protected health information. We have ultimate liability to the payment networks and our sponsor banks that register us with the payment networks for our failure or the failure of other third parties with whom we contract to protect this data in accordance with payment network requirements. The loss, destruction or unauthorized modification of client or consumer data by us or our contracted third parties could result in significant fines, sanctions, proceedings or actions against us by the payment networks, governmental bodies, consumers or others. 
 Threats may result from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or from accidental technological failure. For example, certain of our employees have access to sensitive data that could be used to commit identity theft or fraud. Concerns about security increase when we transmit information electronically because such transmissions can be subject to attack, interception or loss. Also, computer viruses can be distributed and spread rapidly over the Internet and could infiltrate our systems or those of our contracted third parties. Denial of service or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including interfering with our services or to create a diversion for other malicious activities. These types of actions and attacks and others could disrupt our delivery of services or make them unavailable. 
 We and our contracted third parties could be subject to breaches of security by hackers. Our encryption of data and other protective measures may not prevent unauthorized access to or use of sensitive data. A systems breach may subject us to material losses or liability, including payment network fines, assessments and claims for unauthorized purchases with misappropriated credit, debit or card information, impersonation or other similar fraud claims. A misuse of such data or a cybersecurity breach (including a ransomware attack) could harm our reputation and deter clients from using electronic payments generally and our services specifically, thus reducing our revenue. In addition, any such misuse or breach could cause us to incur costs to correct the breaches or failures, expose us to uninsured liability, increase our risk of regulatory scrutiny, subject us to lawsuits and result in the imposition of material penalties and fines under state and federal laws or by the payment networks or limitations on our ability to process payment transactions on such payment networks. While we maintain cyber insurance coverage (which, in certain cases, is required pursuant to certain of our contractual commitments) that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of these risks, our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. Additionally, we may be required to increase our cyber insurance coverage pursuant to our contractual commitments entered into in the future. Our cyber insurance costs have increased significantly following well-publicized ransomware attacks involving other organizations. The costs to maintain or increase our cyber insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any human error, fraud, malice, accidental technological failure or attacks against us or our contracted third parties could hurt our reputation, force us to incur significant expenses in remediating the resulting impacts, expose us to uninsured liability, result in the loss of our sponsor bank relationships or our ability to participate in the payment networks, subject us to 
 16 

lawsuits, fines or sanctions, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business and/or materially impede our ability to conduct business. 
 Although we generally require that our agreements with our software integration partners or service providers include confidentiality obligations that restrict these parties from using or disclosing any client or consumer data except as necessary to perform their services under the applicable agreements, we cannot guarantee that these contractual measures will prevent the unauthorized use, modification, destruction or disclosure of data or allow us to seek reimbursement from the contracted party. In addition, many of our clients are small and medium-sized businesses that may have limited competency regarding data security and handling requirements and may thus experience data breaches. Any unauthorized use, modification, destruction or disclosure of data could result in protracted and costly litigation and the incurrence of significant losses by us. 
 In addition, our agreements with our sponsor banks and our third-party payment processors (as well as payment network requirements) require us to take certain protective measures to ensure the confidentiality of client and consumer data. Any failure to adequately comply with these protective measures could result in fees, penalties, litigation or termination of our sponsor bank agreements. 
 Security breaches may be subject to scrutiny from governmental agencies such as the CFPB, the FTC and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights. See Risks Related to Regulation below. 
 If we cannot keep pace with rapid developments and changes in our industry, the use of our products and services could decline, causing a reduction in our revenues. 
 The electronic payments market is subject to constant and significant changes. This market is characterized by rapid technological evolution, new product and service introductions, evolving industry standards, changing client needs and the entrance of new competitors, including products and services that enable card networks and banks to transact with consumers directly. To remain competitive, we continually pursue initiatives to develop new products and services to compete with these new market entrants. These projects carry risks, such as difficulty in determining market demand and timing for delivery, cost overruns, delays in delivery, performance problems and lack of client acceptance, and some projects may require investment in non-revenue generating products or services that our software integration partners and clients expect to be included in our offerings. In addition, new products and offerings may not perform as intended or generate the business or revenue growth expected. 
 The continued growth and development of our payment processing services and solutions will depend on our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer and business behavior. Any failure to timely integrate emerging payment methods into our software, to anticipate consumer or business behavior changes or to contract with processing partners that support such emerging payment technologies could cause us to lose traction among our clients or referral sources, including industry associations, resulting in a corresponding loss of revenue, if those methods become popular among end-users of their services. 
 Our products and services are designed to process complex transactions and provide reports and other information on those transactions, all at very high volumes and processing speeds. Our technology offerings must also integrate with a variety of network, hardware, mobile and software platforms and technologies, and we need to continuously modify and enhance our products and services to adapt to changes and innovation in these technologies. Any failure to deliver an effective, reliable and secure service or any performance issue that arises with a new product or service could result in significant processing or reporting errors or other losses. If we do not deliver a promised new product or service to our clients or software integration partners in a timely manner or the product or service does not perform as anticipated, our development efforts could result in increased costs and a loss in business, reducing our earnings and causing a loss of revenue. We also rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to, or production of, new technologies, including software and hardware. For example, we rely on our software integration partners to integrate our services and products into the software platforms being used by our clients. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to develop or adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. If we are unable to develop, adapt to or access technological changes or evolving industry standards on a timely and cost-effective basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 If our vertical markets do not increase their acceptance of electronic payments or if there are adverse developments in the electronic payment industry in general, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 The vertical markets we primarily serve have not historically utilized electronic payments to the same extent as traditional markets such as retail and travel. If consumers and businesses in our primary vertical markets do not increase their 
 17 

use of cards as payment methods for their transactions or if the mix of payment methods changes in a way that is adverse to us, such developments may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Regulatory changes may also result in our clients seeking to charge their own clients additional fees for use of credit or debit cards which may result in such clients using other payment methods. Additionally, in recent years, increased incidents of security breaches have caused some consumers to lose confidence in the ability of businesses to protect their information, causing certain consumers to discontinue use of electronic payment methods. Security breaches could result in financial institutions canceling large numbers of credit and debit cards, or consumers or businesses electing to cancel their cards following such incidents. 
 Potential clients or software integration partners may be reluctant to switch to, or develop a relationship with, a new payment processor, which may adversely affect our growth. 
 Many potential clients and software integration partners worry about potential disadvantages associated with switching payment processing providers, such as a loss of accustomed functionality, increased costs and business disruption. There can be no assurance that our strategies for overcoming potential reluctance to change payment processing providers or to initiate a relationship with us will be successful, and this resistance may adversely affect our growth and our business overall. 
 If we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of payment networks and industry self-regulatory organizations, those payment networks or organizations could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations through our sponsor banks. 
 We rely on sponsor banks and, in certain cases, third-party processors to access the payment card networks, such as Visa, MasterCard and Discover, that enable our ability to offer to our clients the acceptance of credit cards and debit cards, and we must pay fees for such services. To provide our merchant acquiring services, we are registered through our sponsor banks with the Visa, MasterCard and Discover networks as a service provider for member institutions. As such, we, our sponsor banks and many of our clients are subject to complex and evolving payment network rules. The payment networks routinely update and modify requirements applicable to merchant acquirers, including rules regulating data integrity, third-party relationships (such as those with respect to sponsor banks and independent sales organization ISOs )), merchant chargeback standards and PCI DSS. The rules of the card networks are set by their boards, which may be influenced by card issuers, some of which offer competing transaction processing services. Any changes in payment network rules or standards may be imposed on highly compressed timelines and may have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 If we or our sponsor banks fail to comply with the applicable rules and requirements of any of the payment networks, such payment network could suspend or terminate our registration. Further, our transaction processing capabilities, including with respect to settlement processes, could be delayed or otherwise disrupted, and recurring non-compliance could result in the payment networks seeking to fine us or suspend or terminate our registrations that allow us to process transactions on their networks, which would make it impossible for us to conduct our business on its current scale. 
 Under certain circumstances specified in the payment network rules, we may be required to submit to periodic audits, self-assessments or other assessments with regard to our compliance with the PCI DSS. Such audits or assessments may reveal that we have failed to comply with the PCI DSS. In addition, even if we comply with the PCI DSS, there is no assurance that we will be protected from a security breach. The termination of our registrations with the payment networks, or any changes in payment network or issuer rules that limit our ability to provide merchant acquiring services, could have an adverse effect on our payment processing volumes, revenues and operating costs. If we are unable to comply with the requirements applicable to our payment processing activities, the payment networks could no longer allow us to provide these solutions, which would render us unable to conduct our business. If we were precluded from processing Visa and MasterCard electronic payments, we would lose a substantial portion of our revenues. 
 We are also subject to the operating rules of the NACHA. NACHA is a self-regulatory organization which administers and facilitates private-sector operating rules for ACH payments and defines the roles and responsibilities of financial institutions and other ACH network participants. The NACHA Rules and Operating Guidelines impose obligations on us and our partner financial institutions. These obligations include audit and oversight by the financial institutions and the imposition of mandatory corrective action, including termination, for serious violations. If an audit or self-assessment under PCI DSS or NACHA identifies any deficiencies that we need to remediate, the remediation efforts may distract our management team and be expensive and time consuming. 
 We rely on sponsor banks in order to process electronic payment transactions, and such sponsor banks have substantial discretion with respect to certain elements of our business practices. If these sponsorships are terminated and we are not able to secure new sponsor banks, we will not be able to conduct our business. 
 18 

Because we are not a bank, we are not eligible for membership in the Visa, MasterCard and other payment networks, and are, therefore, unable to directly access these payment networks, which are required to process transactions. We are currently registered with payment networks through our sponsor banks. 
 If these sponsorships are terminated and we are unable to secure a replacement sponsor bank within the applicable wind down period, we will not be able to process electronic payment transactions. While we maintain relationships with multiple sponsor banks for flexibility in the processing of payment volume and in the pricing of our clients solutions, the loss of or termination of a relationship with a sponsor bank or a significant decrease in the amount of payment volume that a sponsor bank processes for us could reduce such flexibility and negatively affect our business. To the extent the number of our sponsor banks decreases, we will become increasingly reliant on our remaining sponsor banks, which would materially adversely affect our business should our relationship with any of such remaining banks be terminated or otherwise disrupted. Furthermore, our agreements with our sponsor banks provide the sponsor banks with substantial discretion in approving certain elements of our business practices, including our solicitation, application and underwriting procedures for clients. Our sponsor banks actions under these agreements could be detrimental to us. 
 To acquire and retain clients, we depend on our software integration partners that integrate our services and solutions into software used by our clients. 
 We rely heavily on the efforts of our software integration partners to ensure our services and solutions are properly integrated into the software that our clients use. Generally, our agreements with software integration partners are not exclusive and these partners retain the right to refer potential clients to other payment processors. In addition, our agreements with software integration partners do not generally prohibit these partners from providing payment processing solutions to clients (including by acquiring a competing payment processing business). 
 We may need to provide financial concessions to maintain relationships with current software integration partners or to attract potential software integration partners from our competitors. We have been required, and expect to be required in the future, to make concessions when renewing contracts with our software integration partners, and such concessions can have a material impact on our financial condition or operating performance. 
 If our software integration partners focus more heavily on working with other payment processors, acquire or develop their own payment processing capabilities, cease operations or become insolvent, we may be at risk of losing existing clients with whom these software integration partners have relationships. If we are unable to maintain our existing base of software integration partners or develop relationships with new software integration partners, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. In addition, our efforts to form relationships with new software integration partners may be hindered to the extent they perceive that integrating with a new payment processor or switching to us from another payment processor is too costly or time-consuming. Many software providers choose to integrate with only a small number of payments processors due to the requisite time and cost of integrating their systems with a payment processor s solutions. 
 Failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud could increase our chargeback liability and other liability. 
 We are potentially liable for losses caused by fraudulent card transactions or business fraud. Card fraud occurs when a merchant s customer uses a stolen card (or a stolen card number in a card-not-present transaction) to purchase merchandise or services. In a traditional card-present transaction, if the merchant swipes the card, receives authorization for the transaction from the card issuing bank and verifies the signature on the back of the card against the paper receipt signed by its customer, the card issuing bank remains liable for any loss. In a fraudulent card-not-present transaction, even if the merchant receives authorization for the transaction, the merchant may be liable for any loss arising from the transaction. In addition, consumers may dispute repayments on a loan by claiming it was unlawful under applicable law. 
 Business fraud occurs when a business or organization, rather than a cardholder, opens a fraudulent merchant account and conducts fraudulent transactions or when a business, rather than a consumer (though sometimes working together with a consumer engaged in fraudulent activities), knowingly uses a stolen or counterfeit card or card number to record a false sales transaction, intentionally fails to deliver the merchandise or services sold in an otherwise valid transaction, or provides services in violation of applicable law. Business fraud also occurs when employees of businesses change the business demand deposit accounts to their personal bank account numbers, so that payments are improperly credited to the employee s personal account. 
 Certain of these types of fraud present potential liability for chargebacks associated with our clients processing transactions. If a billing dispute between a client and a consumer is not ultimately resolved in favor of our client, the disputed transaction is charged back to the client s bank and credited to the consumer s bank. Anytime our client is unable to satisfy a chargeback, we are responsible for that chargeback. We have a number of contractual protections and other means of recourse 
 19 

to mitigate those risks, including collateral or reserve accounts that we may require our clients to maintain for these types of contingencies. Nonetheless, if we are unable to collect the chargeback from the clients account or reserve account (if applicable), or if the client refuses or is financially unable due to bankruptcy or other reasons to reimburse us for the chargeback, we bear the loss for the amount of the refund paid to the cardholder s bank. We have established systems and procedures to detect and reduce the impact of business fraud, but these measures may not be effective, and incidents of fraud could increase in the future. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we believe our chargeback rate was less than 1 of payment volume. Any increase in chargebacks not paid by our clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our processes to reduce fraud losses depend in part on our ability to restrict the deposit of processing funds while we investigate suspicious transactions. We could be sued by parties alleging that our restriction and investigation processes violate federal and state laws on consumer protection, unfair business practices or other applicable laws. If we are unable to defend any such claim successfully, we could be required to restructure our anti-fraud processes in ways that would harm our business or pay substantial fines. 
 As part of our program to reduce fraud losses, we may temporarily restrict the ability of clients to access certain processing deposits if those transactions or their account activity are identified by our anti-fraud models as suspicious. We could be sued by parties alleging that our restriction and investigation processes violate federal and state laws on consumer protection or unfair business practices. If we are unable to defend any such claim successfully, we could be required to restructure our anti-fraud processes in ways that could harm our business and to pay substantial fines. Even if we are able to defend a claim successfully, the litigation could damage our reputation, consume substantial amounts of our management s time and attention, and require us to change our client service and operations in ways that could increase our costs and decrease the effectiveness of our anti-fraud program. In addition, if a client has filed for bankruptcy protection, then our normal processes may be limited by applicable bankruptcy laws. 
 We receive savings related to favorable pricing or incentives on certain interchange and other payment network fees. To the extent we cannot maintain such savings and cannot pass along any corresponding increases in such fees to our clients, our operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
 We bear interchange, assessment, transaction and other fees set by the payment networks to the card issuing banks and the payment networks for each transaction we process as a merchant acquirer. Under certain circumstances, the payment networks afford us preferential rates or incentives with respect to such fees, which helps us to control our operating costs. From time to time, the payment networks increase the interchange fees and other fees that they charge payment processors and the sponsor banks. At their sole discretion, our sponsor banks have the right to pass any increases in interchange and other fees on to us, and they have consistently done so in the past. We are generally permitted under the contracts into which we enter with our clients, and in the past have been able to, pass these fee increases along to our clients through corresponding increases in our processing fees. However, if we are unable to pass through these and other fees in the future (which could be the result of the structure of flat rate or convenience fee pricing under certain contracts), or if the payment networks decline to offer us preferential rates or incentives on such fees as compared to those charged to other payment processors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our systems and those of our third-party providers may fail due to factors beyond our control, which could interrupt our service, resulting in our inability to process payments or provide ancillary services, loss of business, increase in costs and exposure to liability. 
 We depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of numerous systems, including our computer network systems, software, data centers and telecommunication networks, as well as the systems and services of our sponsor banks, the payment networks, third-party providers of processing services and other third parties. Our systems and operations, or those of our third-party providers, such as our provider of dial-up authorization services, or the payment networks themselves, could be exposed to damage or interruption from, among other things, hardware and software defects or malfunctions, telecommunications failure, computer denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, unauthorized entry, computer viruses or other malware, human error, natural disaster, power loss, acts of terrorism or sabotage, financial insolvency of such providers and similar events. These threats, and errors or delays in the processing of payment transactions, system outages or other difficulties, could result in failure to process transactions or provide ancillary services, additional operating and development costs, diversion of technical and other resources, loss of revenue, clients and software integration partners, loss of client and cardholder data, harm to our business or reputation, exposure to fraud losses or other liabilities and fines and other sanctions imposed by payment networks. Our property and business interruption insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur. 
 20 

At present, our critical operational systems, such as our payment gateway, are fully redundant, while certain of our less critical systems are not. Therefore, certain aspects of our operations may be subject to interruption. Also, while we have disaster recovery policies and arrangements in place, they have not been tested under actual disasters or similar events. Maintaining and upgrading our system is costly and time-consuming, involves significant technical risk and may divert our resources from new features and products, and there can be no assurances that such systems will be effective. Frequent or persistent site interruptions could lead to regulatory scrutiny, significant fines and penalties and mandatory and costly changes to our business practices. 
 In addition, we are continually improving and upgrading our information systems and technologies. Implementation of new systems and technologies is complex, expensive and time-consuming. If we fail to timely and successfully implement new information systems and technologies or improvements or upgrades to existing information systems and technologies, or if such systems and technologies do not operate as intended, this could have an adverse impact on our business, internal controls (including internal controls over financial reporting), results of operations and financial condition. 
 We rely on other service and technology providers. If such providers fail in or discontinue providing their services or technology to us, our ability to provide services to clients may be interrupted, and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 We rely on third parties to provide or supplement card processing services and for infrastructure hosting services. We also rely on third parties for specific software and hardware used in providing our products and services. The termination by our service or technology providers of their arrangements with us or their failure to perform their services efficiently and effectively may adversely affect our relationships with our clients and, if we cannot find alternate providers quickly, may cause those clients to terminate their relationships with us. 
 Our third-party processors and third-party program managers, which provide us with front-end authorization services, card issuance program services and certain other services, compete with us or may compete with us in the future in the vertical markets that we serve. There can be no assurance that these processors will maintain their relationships with us in the future or that they will refrain from competing directly with the solutions that we offer. 
 If we are unable to renew our existing contracts with our most significant vendors, we might not be able to replace the related products or services at the same cost, which would negatively impact our profitability. Additionally, while we believe we would be able to locate alternative vendors to provide substantially similar services at comparable rates, or otherwise replicate such services internally, no assurance can be made that a change would not be disruptive to our business, which could potentially lead to a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability until resolved. 
 We also rely in part on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies, and updates to existing products and services for which third parties provide ongoing support, which reliance increases the cost associated with new and existing product and service offerings. Failure by these third-party providers to devote an appropriate level of attention to our products and services could result in delays in introducing new products or services, or delays in resolving any issues with existing products or services for which third-party providers provide ongoing support. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures implemented to mitigate the spread of the virus have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the mitigation efforts by governments and other parties to attempt to control the spread of the virus (including its variants) have adversely impacted the U.S. and global economy, leading to significant changes in consumer and business spending and economic activity and disruptions and volatility in the U.S. and global capital markets. We are diligently working to ensure that we can continue to operate with minimal disruption, mitigate the impact of the pandemic on our employees health and safety and address potential business interruptions on ourselves and our clients. However, we cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in these efforts. 
 Although we have experienced increased demand for some of our service offerings as a result of an accelerated shift to electronic payments, we believe that the COVID-19 pandemic, the mitigation efforts and the resulting economic impact have had, and may continue to have, an overall adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The actual further effect in any given future period is difficult to estimate, and it will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments that we are not able to predict, including: the duration, spread and severity of the outbreak (including whether there are continued variants or other waves of infection); the nature, extent and effectiveness of mitigation measures; the administration of vaccines and the availability of therapeutic treatments; the extent and duration of the effect on the economy, unemployment, consumer confidence and consumer and business spending; and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. 
 21 

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the mitigation efforts and the resulting economic impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition have included and may continue to include the following with respect to the key industry-oriented vertical markets that we serve: 
 A decrease in the origination of personal or automotive loans and a decrease in payments as a result of changes in consumer behavior following receipt of government stimulus, tax credits or extra unemployment benefits. 

A decrease in the amount of business-to-business payments as a result of the overall economic slowdown and reduction in business spending. 

The above effects have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in an adverse impact on the amount of fees we can earn for processing payments and other transactions on behalf of our clients. There may be a delay in the timing of when our business is impacted by these matters. As an example, we earned incremental fees from processing loan payments or payoffs that result from consumers receipt of additional government stimulus or extra unemployment benefits, but our business, results of operations and financial condition in subsequent periods were and could continue to be adversely affected from reduced loan originations as result of such combination of government action and consumer behavior. 
 To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic, the mitigation efforts and the resulting economic impact continues to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, such matters may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the risk factors disclosed herein, such as those relating to our responsibility for the prevention of unauthorized disclosure of consumer data and our ability to minimize losses relating to chargebacks, fraud and similar losses. 
 We are subject to economic and political risk, the business cycles of our clients and software integration partners and the overall level of consumer and commercial spending, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The electronic payment industry depends heavily on the overall level of consumer and commercial spending. We are exposed to general economic conditions that affect consumer confidence, consumer spending, consumer discretionary income and changes in consumer purchasing habits, including natural disasters and health emergencies, including earthquakes, fires, power outages, typhoons, floods, pandemics or epidemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) and manmade events such as civil unrest, labor disruption, international trade disputes, international conflicts, terrorism, wars and critical infrastructure attacks. A sustained deterioration in general economic conditions, particularly in the United States, continued uncertainty for an extended period of time, due to the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, persistent inflation or further increases in interest rates, could adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or aggregate volume of transactions made using electronic payments. Our consumer finance and mortgage clients may be disproportionately impacted by further increased interest rates or a general economic downturn, which could result in a decrease to our revenue and profits. If our consumer finance or mortgage clients make fewer or smaller loans (or their borrowers fail to make required payments), or consumers and businesses spend less money through electronic payments, we will have fewer transactions to process at lower dollar amounts, resulting in lower revenue. Smaller tax refunds to consumers, due to the absence of additional stimulus or similar impacts or otherwise, could also negatively impact our results of operations. 
 The U.S. and international markets are experiencing uncertain and volatile economic conditions, including from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, sustained inflation, recession concerns and supply chain disruptions. These conditions make it extremely difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. Together, these circumstances create an environment in which it is challenging for us to predict future operating results. If these uncertain business, macroeconomic or political conditions continue or further decline, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 22 

Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risks associated with providing payment processing solutions. 
 We operate in a rapidly changing industry. Accordingly, our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective to identify, monitor, manage and remediate our risks associated with providing payment processing solutions. Some of our risk evaluation methods depend upon information provided by others and public information regarding markets, clients or other matters that are otherwise inaccessible by us. In some cases, that information may not be accurate, complete or up-to-date. Additionally, our risk detection system is subject to a high degree of false positive risks being detected, which makes it difficult for us to identify real risks in a timely manner. If our policies and procedures are not fully effective or we are not always successful in capturing all risks to which we are or may be exposed, we may suffer harm to our reputation or be subject to litigation or regulatory actions that materially increase our costs and limit our ability to grow and may cause us to lose existing clients. 
 We may not be able to continue to expand our share in our existing vertical markets or continue to expand into new vertical markets, which would inhibit our ability to grow and increase our profitability. 
 Our future growth and profitability depend, in part, upon our continued expansion within the vertical markets in which we currently operate, the emergence of other vertical markets for electronic payments and our integrated solutions, and our ability to penetrate new vertical markets and our current software integration partners client bases. As part of our strategy to expand into new vertical markets and increase our share in our existing vertical markets, we look for acquisition opportunities and partnerships with other businesses that will allow us to increase our market penetration, technological capabilities, product offerings and distribution capabilities. We may not be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition or partnership candidates in the future, and if we do identify them, they may not provide us with the benefits we anticipated. In addition, our ability to continue to grow and profitably service clients in Canada is uncertain and will require additional resources and controls, and we may encounter unanticipated challenges. 
 Our expansion into new vertical markets also depends on our ability to adapt our existing technology or to develop new technologies to meet the particular needs of each new vertical market. We may not have adequate financial or technological resources to develop effective and secure services or distribution channels that will satisfy the demands of these new vertical markets. Penetrating these new vertical markets may also prove to be more challenging or costly or may take longer than we may anticipate. If we fail to expand into new vertical markets and increase our penetration into existing vertical markets, we may not be able to continue to grow our revenues and earnings. 
 We may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. 
 We rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary technology, which is critical to our success, particularly in our strategic verticals where we may offer proprietary software solutions to our clients. Third parties have, and in the future may, challenge, circumvent, infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property, or such intellectual property may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of service offerings or other competitive harm. Other parties, including our competitors, may independently develop similar technology and duplicate our services or design around our intellectual property and, in such cases, we may not be able to assert our intellectual property rights against such parties. Further, our contractual arrangements may be subject to termination or renegotiation with unfavorable terms to us, and our third-party licensors may be subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and other adverse business dynamics, any of which might affect our ability to use and exploit the products licensed to us by such third-party licensors. Additionally, our contractual arrangements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our confidential information or provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of our confidential information. We may have to litigate to enforce or determine the scope and enforceability of our intellectual property rights and know-how, which is expensive, could cause a diversion of resources and may not prove successful. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change in our industry, aspects of our business and our services rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain or retain licenses and technologies from these third parties on reasonable terms or at all. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to license or otherwise use third-party intellectual property could harm our business and ability to compete. 
 We may also be subject to costly litigation if our services and technology are alleged to infringe upon or otherwise violate a third party s proprietary rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents that could be infringed by our products, services or technology. Any of these third parties could make a claim of infringement, breach or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights against us with respect to our products, services or technology. Any claim from third parties may result in a limitation on our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims. Additionally, in recent 
 23 

years, individuals and groups have been purchasing intellectual property assets for the sole purpose of making claims of infringement or other violations and attempting to extract settlements from companies like us. Even if we believe that intellectual property related claims are without merit, defending against such claims is time consuming and expensive and could result in the diversion of time and attention of our management and employees. Claims of intellectual property infringement or violation also may require us to redesign affected products or services, enter into costly settlement or license agreements, pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our products or services. Even if we have an agreement for indemnification against such costs, the indemnifying party, if any in such circumstance, may be unable to uphold its contractual obligations. If we cannot or do not license the infringed technology on reasonable terms or substitute similar technology from another source, our revenue and earnings could be adversely impacted. 
 The loss of key personnel or the loss of our ability to attract, recruit, retain and develop qualified employees, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on the ability and experience of a number of our key personnel who have substantial experience with our operations, the rapidly changing payment processing industry and the vertical markets in which we offer our products and services. Many of our key personnel have worked for us for a significant amount of time or were recruited by us specifically due to their experience. Our success depends in part upon the reputation and influence within the industry of our senior managers who have, over the years, developed long standing and favorable relationships with our software integration partners, vendors, card associations, sponsor banks and other payment processing and service providers. We experienced senior management turnover in 2022 as a result of the departures of our chief operating officer and our chief revenue officer. It is possible that the loss of the services of these executives or other senior executives or key managers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, contractual obligations related to confidentiality assignment of intellectual property rights, non-solicitation and non-competition may be ineffective or unenforceable, and departing employees may share our proprietary information with competitors or seek to solicit our software integration partners or clients or recruit our key personnel to competing businesses in ways that could adversely impact us. 
 Further, in order for us to continue to successfully compete and grow, we must attract, recruit, develop and retain personnel who will provide us with the expertise we need. Our success also depends on the skill and experience of our sales force, which we must continuously work to maintain. While we have a number of key personnel who have substantial experience with our operations, we must also develop our personnel so that our personnel are capable of maintaining the continuity of our operations, supporting the development of new services and solutions and expanding our client base. The market for qualified personnel is highly competitive, and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may fail to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. Our efforts to retain and develop personnel may also result in significant additional expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 We have been the subject of various claims and legal proceedings and may become the subject of claims, litigation or investigations which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are the subject of various claims and legal proceedings and may become the subject of claims, litigation or investigations, including commercial disputes and employee claims, such as claims of age discrimination, sexual harassment, gender discrimination, immigration violations or other local, state and federal labor law violations, and from time to time may be involved in governmental or regulatory investigations or similar matters arising out of our current or future business. Any claims asserted against us or our management, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, could harm our reputation and have an adverse impact on our relationships with our clients, software integration partners and other third parties and could lead to additional related claims. In light of the potential cost and uncertainty involved in litigation, we have in the past and may in the future settle matters even when we believe we have a meritorious defense. Certain claims may seek injunctive relief, which could disrupt the ordinary conduct of our business and operations or increase our costs of doing business. Our insurance or indemnities may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending pending or future litigation or similar matters under various laws. Any judgments or settlements in any pending or future claims, litigation or investigations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to successfully execute our strategy of growth through acquisitions. 
 A significant part of our growth strategy is to enter into new vertical markets through platform acquisitions of vertically-focused integrated payment and software solutions providers, to expand within our existing vertical markets through selective tuck-in acquisitions and to otherwise increase our presence in the payments processing market. 
 Although we expect to continue to execute our acquisition strategy: 
 24 

we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or acquire additional assets on favorable terms; 

we may compete with others to acquire assets, which competition may increase, and any level of competition could result in decreased availability or increased prices for acquisition candidates; 

competing bidders for such acquisitions may be larger, better-funded organizations with more resources and easier access to capital; 

we may experience difficulty in anticipating the timing and availability of acquisition candidates; 

we may not be able to obtain the necessary financing, on favorable terms or at all, to finance any of our potential acquisitions; 

potential acquisitions may be subject to regulatory approvals, which may cause delays and uncertainties; and 

we may not be able to generate cash necessary to execute our acquisition strategy. 

The occurrence of any of these factors could adversely affect our growth strategy. 
 Our acquisitions subject us to a variety of risks that could harm our business and the anticipated benefits from our acquisitions may not be realized on the expected timeline or at all. 
 We may experience various challenges associated with our acquired businesses, such as: 
 we may need to allocate substantial operational, financial and management resources in integrating new businesses, technologies and products, and management may encounter difficulties in integrating the operations, personnel or systems of the acquired business; 

the acquisition may have a material adverse effect on our business relationships with existing or future clients or software integration partners; 

we may assume substantial actual or contingent liabilities, known and unknown; 

the acquisition may not meet our expectations of future financial performance on our expected timeline or at all; 

we may experience delays or reductions in realizing expected synergies or benefits; 

we may incur substantial unanticipated costs or encounter other problems associated with the acquired business, including challenges associated with transfer of various data processing functions and connections to our systems and those of our third-party service providers; 

we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges; 

we may be unable to achieve our intended objectives for the transaction; and 

we may not be able to retain the key personnel, clients and suppliers of the acquired business. 

These challenges and costs and expenses may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Regulation 
 We and our clients are subject to extensive government regulation, and any new laws and regulations, industry standards or revisions made to existing laws, regulations or industry standards affecting our business, our clients businesses or the electronic payments industry, or our or our clients actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations, may have an unfavorable impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We and the clients we serve are subject to numerous federal and state regulations that affect the electronic payments industry. Regulation of our industry has increased significantly in recent years and is constantly evolving. Changes to statutes, regulations or industry standards, including interpretation and implementation of statutes, regulations or standards, could 
 25 

increase our cost of doing business or affect the competitive balance. Failure to comply with regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, including the limitation, suspension or termination of services provided to, or by, third parties, and the imposition of penalties or fines. To the extent these regulations negatively impact the business, operations or financial condition of our clients, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected because, among other matters, our clients could have less capacity to purchase products and services from us, could decide to avoid or abandon certain lines of business, or could seek to pass on increased costs to us by negotiating price reductions. We could be required to invest a significant amount of time and resources to comply with additional regulations or oversight or to modify the manner in which we contract with or provide products and services to our clients; and those regulations could directly or indirectly limit how much we can charge for our services. We may not be able to update our existing products and services, or develop new ones, to satisfy our client needs. Any of these events, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Interchange fees, which are typically paid to the card issuer in connection with credit and debit card transactions, are subject to increasingly intense legal, regulatory and legislative scrutiny. In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act significantly changed the U.S. financial regulatory system by regulating and limiting debit card fees charged by certain issuers, allowing merchants to set minimum dollar amounts for the acceptance of credit cards and allowing merchants to offer discounts or other incentives for different payment methods. These regulations (as well as any related modifications or changes in interpretation) could negatively affect the number of debit transactions, and prices charged per transaction, which would negatively affect our business. 
 Many of our clients desire to impose a convenience fee or a surcharge in connection with their customers use of a credit or debit card or other form of electronic payment. Various state laws and regulations impose prohibitions or other limitations on those types of fees or charges, and interpretation of those state laws and regulations is constantly evolving. State laws and regulations (as well as any related modifications or changes in interpretation in the payment network rules related to those fees and costs) could negatively the willingness of some of our clients to accept credit or debit card or other electronic payment or result in less favorable terms to us in exchange for our clients to absorb those fees and costs, all of which would negatively affect our business. 
 Laws and regulations, even if not directed at us, may require us to take significant efforts to change our services and solutions and may require that we incur additional compliance costs and change how we price our products and services to our clients and software integration partners. Implementing new compliance efforts is difficult because of the complexity of new regulatory requirements, and we are devoting and will continue to devote significant resources to ensure compliance. Furthermore, regulatory actions may precipitate changes in business practices by us and other industry participants which could affect how we market, price and distribute our products and services, and which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, even an inadvertent failure to comply with laws and regulations or evolving public perceptions of our business could damage our business or our reputation. 
 Depending on how our products and services evolve, we may be subject to a variety of additional laws and regulations, including those governing money transmission, gift cards and other prepaid access instruments, electronic funds transfers, anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, restrictions on foreign assets, gambling, banking and lending, and import and export restrictions. 
 Our efforts to comply with these laws and regulations could be costly and result in diversion of management time and effort and may still not guarantee compliance. In addition, to the extent we decide to offer our products and services in additional jurisdictions (for example, our expansion into Canada), we may incur additional compliance-related costs with respect to operating in such jurisdictions. Additionally, as our products and services evolve, and as regulators continue to increase their scrutiny of compliance with these obligations, we may be subject to a variety of additional laws and regulations, or we may be required to further revise or expand our compliance management system, including the procedures we use to verify the identity of our clients and their end customers and to monitor transactions. If we are found to be in violation of any such legal or regulatory requirements, we may be subject to monetary fines or other penalties, such as a cease and desist order, or we may be required to alter the nature or packaging of our services and solutions, any of which could adversely affect our business or operating results. 
 The businesses of many of our clients are strictly regulated in every jurisdiction in which they operate, and such regulations, and our clients failure to comply with them, could have an adverse effect on our clients businesses and, as a result, our results of operations. 
 A meaningful portion of our clients are consumer lenders that provide personal loans and automotive loans to consumers that have varying degrees of credit risk. The regulatory environment that these clients operate in is very complex 
 26 

because applicable regulations are often enacted by multiple agencies in the state and federal governments. For example, the CFPB previously proposed new rules applicable to such loans that could have an adverse effect on our clients businesses, and numerous state laws impose similar requirements. Such clients are also subject to negative public perceptions that their consumer lending activities constitute predatory or abusive lending to consumers, and concerns raised by consumer advocacy groups and government officials may lead to efforts to further regulate the industry in which many of our clients operate. 
 Similarly, our clients in the receivables management industry are typically subject to federal and state rules and regulations that establish specific requirements and procedures that debt collectors must follow when collecting consumer accounts. The CFPB and the FTC devote substantial attention to debt collection activities, and, as a result, the CFPB and the FTC have brought multiple investigations and enforcement actions against debt collectors for violations of the FDCPA and other applicable laws. Continued regulatory scrutiny by the CFPB and the FTC over debt collection practices may result in additional investigations and enforcement actions against our clients in the receivables management industry. The FDCPA also provides for private rights of action against debt collectors, and permits debtors to recover actual damages, statutory damages and attorneys fees and costs for violations of its terms. 
 The combination of these factors, and in particular any changes implemented at the CFPB under the Biden administration, could materially adversely affect the business of our clients and may force our consumer lender or receivables management clients to change their business models. As a result, we may need to be nimble and quickly respond to the evolving needs of the vertical markets that we serve. 
 If the business of our clients is materially adversely affected by the uncertainties described above and if we or our clients fail to respond to such changes in the industry in a timely manner, or if there are significant changes in such vertical markets that we do not anticipate, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 
 We may be required to become licensed under state money transmission statutes. 
 We provide payment processing services through our various operating subsidiaries. We, along with our third party service providers, use structural arrangements designed to remove our activities from the scope of money transmitter regulation. There can be no assurance that these structural arrangements will remain effective as money transmitter laws continue to evolve or that the applicable regulatory bodies, particularly state agencies, will view our payment processing activities as compliant. Any determination that we are in fact required to be licensed under the state money transmission statutes may require substantial expenditures of time and money and could lead to liability in the nature of penalties or fines, which would have a materially adverse effect on our business and our financial results. 
 We must comply with laws and regulations prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices, and any failure to do so could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We and many of our clients are subject to Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices and various state laws that are similar in scope and subject matter. In addition, provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, the Telemarketing Sales Act and other laws, rules and/or regulations, may directly impact the activities of certain of our clients, and in some cases may subject us, as the electronic payment processor or provider of payment settlement services, to investigations, fees, fines and disgorgement of funds if we are found to have improperly aided and abetted or otherwise provided the means and instrumentalities to facilitate the illegal or improper activities of a client through our services. Various federal and state regulatory enforcement agencies, including the FTC and state attorneys general have authority to take action against non-banks that engage in UDAAP, or violate other laws, rules and regulations. To the extent we are processing payments or providing products and services for a client suspected of violating such laws, rules and regulations, we may face enforcement actions and incur losses and liabilities that may adversely affect our business. 
 Governmental regulations designed to protect or limit access to or use of consumer information could adversely affect our ability to effectively provide our products and services. 
 In addition to those regulations discussed previously that are imposed by the card networks and NACHA, governmental bodies in the United States have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, laws and regulations restricting the use, collection, storage, transfer and disposal of, and requiring safeguarding of, non-public personal information. Our operations are subject to certain provisions of these laws. Applicable federal privacy laws may restrict our collection, processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal information, may require us to notify individuals of our privacy practices and provide individuals with certain rights to prevent the use and disclosure of protected information, and mandate certain procedures with respect to safeguarding and proper description of stored information. Certain state laws impose similar privacy obligations as well as 
 27 

obligations to provide notification of security breaches of personal information to affected individuals, state officers, consumer reporting agencies and businesses and governmental agencies. The applicable regulatory framework for privacy issues is evolving and is likely to continue doing so for the foreseeable future, which creates uncertainty. The state privacy law framework is described under Privacy and Information Security Regulations in Item 1. Business above. 
 Further, we are obligated by our clients, sponsor banks and software integration partners to maintain the confidentiality and security of non-public consumer information that our clients and their end customers share with us. Our contracts may require periodic audits by independent parties regarding our compliance with applicable standards, and may permit our counterparties to audit our compliance with best practices established by regulatory guidelines with respect to confidentiality and security of non-public personal information. Our ability to maintain compliance with these standards and satisfy these audits will affect our ability to attract, grow and maintain business in the future, and any failure to do so could subject us to contractual liability, each of which could have a material effect on our business and results of operations. 
 If we fail to comply with these laws, regulations or contractual terms, or if we experience security breaches, we could face regulatory enforcement proceedings, suits for breach of contract and monetary liabilities. Additionally, any such failure could harm the relationships and reputation we depend on to retain existing clients and software integration partners and obtain new clients and software integration partners. If federal and state governmental bodies adopt more restrictive privacy laws in the future, our compliance costs could increase, and it could make our due diligence reviews and monitoring regarding the risk of our clients more difficult, complex and expensive. As our business grows, we may also be required to invest in a more substantive and complex compliance management system than the one we currently employ. 
 Changes in tax laws or their judicial or administrative interpretations, or becoming subject to additional U.S., state or local taxes that cannot be passed through to our clients, could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operations are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal and state and transactional taxes such as excise, sales/use, payroll, franchise, withholding and ad valorem taxes. Changes in tax laws or their judicial or administrative interpretations could decrease the amount of revenues we receive, the value of any tax loss carryforwards and tax credits recorded on our balance sheet and the amount of our cash flow, and may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of our tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the applicable taxing authority which could increase our tax liabilities. Furthermore, companies in the payment processing industry, including us, may become subject to incremental taxation in various taxing jurisdictions. Taxing jurisdictions have not yet adopted uniform positions on this topic. If we are required to pay additional taxes and are unable to pass the tax expense through to our clients, our costs would increase and our net income would be reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to maintain effective systems of internal and disclosure control could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. 
 Effective internal and disclosure controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud, and to operate successfully as a public company. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. As part of our ongoing monitoring of internal control, we have discovered in the past and may discover in the future material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal control that require remediation. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, material weaknesses and other areas of our internal controls that need improvement. We continue to work to improve our internal controls. We cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain effective controls or to timely implement any necessary improvement of our internal and disclosure controls could, among other things, result in losses from fraud or error, harm our reputation, or cause investors to lose confidence in the reported financial information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. In addition, as a result of such material weaknesses and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other disputes. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 28 

Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to meet our obligations under our indebtedness, react to changes in the economy or our industry and to raise additional capital to fund operations. 
 On December 29, 2021, we increased our existing senior secured credit facilities to a 185.0 million revolving credit facility pursuant to an amendment to the revolving credit agreement with Truist Bank and certain other lenders (as amended, the Amended Credit Agreement ). On January 19, 2021, we issued 440.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 0.00 convertible senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). Our ability to service our obligations under our indebtedness, including the 2026 Notes and any indebtedness we may incur under the Amended Credit Agreement, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. If we are unable to generate the necessary cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional debt financing or equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. 
 Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations, and such level of indebtedness could have important consequences to our stockholders. 
 We may also incur future debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. 
 Our indebtedness under the Amended Credit Agreement bears interest at a variable rate, which, as of December 31, 2022, was based on adjusted London Inter-bank Offer Rate LIBOR ). On February 9, 2023, we further amended the Amended Credit Agreement to replace LIBOR with term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the interest rate benchmark. This benchmark replacement may be higher than the adjusted LIBOR previously available under the Amended Credit Agreement, which could in turn increase our interest expense. This benchmark replacement may also include administrative and operational changes that affect our borrowing practices under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 Future operating flexibility is limited by the restrictive covenants in the Amended Credit Agreement, and we may be unable to comply with all covenants in the future. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement imposes restrictions that could impede our ability to enter into certain corporate transactions, as well as increases our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, by limiting our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in our business and industry. These restrictions will limit our ability to, among other things: 
 incur or guarantee additional debt; 

pay dividends on capital stock or redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any capital stock; 

make certain payments, dividends, distributions or investments; and 

merge or consolidate with other companies or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. 

In addition, the Amended Credit Agreement contains certain negative covenants that restrict the incurrence of indebtedness unless certain incurrence-based financial covenant requirements are met. The restrictions may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interests of the business and may make it difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. Our ability to comply with these restrictive covenants in future periods will largely depend on our ability to successfully implement our overall business strategy. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default, which could result in the acceleration of our debt. In the event of an acceleration of our indebtedness, we could be forced to apply all available cash flows to repay such debt, which would reduce or eliminate distributions to us, which could also force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the 2026 Notes, or to repurchase the 2026 Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain, limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the 2026 Notes. 
 Holders of the 2026 Notes have the right to require us to repurchase their 2026 Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a repurchase price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion of the 2026 Notes, unless we elect to cause to be delivered solely shares of our Class A common stock to settle such conversion, we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the 2026 Notes being converted. 
 29 

However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of the 2026 Notes surrendered therefor or to pay cash with respect to the 2026 Notes being converted. 
 In addition, our ability to repurchase the 2026 Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the 2026 Notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase the 2026 Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture governing the 2026 Notes (the indenture or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the 2026 Notes as required by the indenture, would constitute a default under the indenture. A default under the indenture, or the fundamental change itself, could also lead to a default under our Amended Credit Agreement and other agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness, repurchase, make interest payments on or make cash payments upon conversion of the 2026 Notes. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes is triggered, holders of the 2026 Notes will be entitled to convert their 2026 Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their 2026 Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our Class A common stock, we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their 2026 Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the 2026 Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 Provisions in the indenture could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of the Company 
 Certain provisions of the 2026 Notes and the indenture could make a third party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then we will be required to make an offer to the holders of the 2026 Notes to repurchase for cash all or part of their outstanding 2026 Notes. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, then we may be required to increase the conversion rate temporarily. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the 2026 Notes could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that you may view as favorable. 
 Risks Related to Our Ownership Structure 
 We are a holding company and our only material asset is our interest in Hawk Parent, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions made by our subsidiaries to pay taxes, make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, meet our financial obligations under the 2026 Notes and pay dividends. 
 We are a holding company with no material assets other than our ownership of limited liability company interests of Hawk Parent (the Post-Merger Repay Units and holders of such Post-Merger Repay Units other than the Company, the Repay Unitholders and our managing member interest in Hawk Parent, and we have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. Upon the completion of the Business Combination, we entered into that certain Tax Receivable Agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement or TRA with the Repay Unitholders. Our ability to pay taxes, make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, meet our financial obligations under the 2026 Notes and pay dividends will depend on the financial results and cash flows of Hawk Parent and its subsidiaries and the distributions we receive from Hawk Parent. Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings or cash flow of Hawk Parent and its subsidiaries, including its operating subsidiaries, for any reason could limit or impair Hawk Parent s ability to pay such distributions. Additionally, to the extent that we need funds and Hawk Parent and/or any of its subsidiaries are restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of any financing arrangements, or Hawk Parent is otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 Hawk Parent is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally is not subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income is allocated to Repay Unitholders (including us). Accordingly, we will be required to pay income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of Hawk Parent. Under the terms of Hawk Parent s Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, Hawk Parent is obligated to make tax distributions to Repay Unitholders (including us) calculated at certain assumed tax rates. In addition to tax expenses, we will also incur expenses related to our operations, including payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement (and the cost of administering such payment obligations), which could be significant. We intend to cause Hawk Parent to make distributions to Repay Unitholders in amounts sufficient to cover all applicable taxes (calculated at assumed tax rates), relevant operating expenses, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and dividends, if any, declared by Hawk Parent. However, as discussed below, 
 30 

Hawk Parent s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions including, but not limited to, restrictions on distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which Hawk Parent is then a party, including debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering Hawk Parent insolvent. If our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and to fund our obligations, we may be required to incur additional indebtedness to provide the liquidity needed to make such payments, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Additionally, although Hawk Parent generally is not subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax, it may be liable under recent federal tax legislation for adjustments to its tax return, absent an election to the contrary. In the event Hawk Parent s calculations of taxable income are incorrect, its members, including us, in later years may be subject to material liabilities pursuant to this federal legislation and its related guidance. 
 We anticipate that the distributions we will receive from Hawk Parent may, in certain periods, exceed our actual tax liabilities and obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Our board of the directors, in its sole discretion, will make any determination from time to time with respect to the use of any such excess cash so accumulated, which may include, among other uses, to acquire additional newly issued Post-Merger Repay Units from Hawk Parent at a per unit price determined by reference to the market value of the Class A common stock; to pay dividends, which may include special dividends, on our Class A common stock; to fund repurchases of Class A common stock; or any combination of the foregoing. We will have no obligation to distribute such cash (or other available cash other than any declared dividend) to our stockholders. To the extent that we do not distribute such excess cash as dividends on Class A common stock or otherwise undertake ameliorative actions between Post-Merger Repay Units and shares of Class A common stock and instead, for example, hold such cash balances, Repay Unitholders that hold interests in Hawk Parent pre-Business Combination may benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances as a result of their ownership of Class A common stock following an exchange of their Post-Merger Repay Units, notwithstanding that such holders may previously have participated as holders of Post-Merger Repay Units in distributions by Hawk Parent that resulted in such excess cash balances being held by us. 
 Dividends on our common stock, if any, will be paid at the discretion of our board of directors, which will consider, among other things, our business, operating results, financial condition, current and expected cash needs, plans for expansion and any legal or contractual limitations on our ability to pay such dividends. Financing arrangements may include restrictive covenants that restrict our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to our stockholders. In addition, Hawk Parent is generally prohibited under Delaware law from making a distribution to a member to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, after giving effect to the distribution, liabilities of Hawk Parent (with certain exceptions) exceed the fair value of its assets. Hawk Parent s subsidiaries are generally subject to similar legal limitations on their ability to make distributions to Hawk Parent. If Hawk Parent does not have sufficient funds to make distributions, our ability to declare and pay cash dividends may also be restricted or impaired. 
 Under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we will be required to pay 100 of the tax benefits relating to tax depreciation or amortization deductions as a result of the tax basis step-up we receive in connection with the exchanges (including an exchange in a sale for cash) of Post-Merger Repay Units into our Class A common stock and related transactions, and those payments may be substantial. 
 The Repay Unitholders may exchange their Post-Merger Repay Units for shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, subject to certain conditions as set forth therein and in Hawk Parent s Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, or in an exchange in a sale for cash. These exchanges are expected to result in increases in our allocable share of the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Hawk Parent. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization deductions and therefore reduce the amount of income or franchise tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future had such exchanges never occurred. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement, which generally provides for the payment to the Repay Unitholders by us of 100 of certain tax benefits, if any, that we realize (or in certain cases are deemed to realize) (a portion of which will be paid in turn to certain service providers on behalf of them in respect of certain transaction expenses) as a result of these increases in tax basis and certain other tax attributes of Hawk Parent and tax benefits related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. These payments are our obligation and not an obligation of Hawk Parent. The actual increase in our allocable share of Hawk Parent s tax basis in its assets, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax 
 31 

Receivable Agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the market price of the Class A common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of the recognition of our income. While many of the factors that will determine the amount of payments that we will make under the Tax Receivable Agreement are outside of our control, we expect that the payments we will make under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Any payments made by us under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid. Furthermore, our future obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be deemed realized under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may exceed the actual tax benefits we realize or be accelerated. 
 Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, and the Internal Revenue Service or another taxing authority may challenge all or any part of the tax basis increases, as well as other tax positions that we take, and a court may sustain such a challenge. In the event any tax benefits initially claimed by us are disallowed, the current Repay Unitholders will not be required to reimburse us for any excess payments that may previously have been made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, for example, due to adjustments resulting from examinations by taxing authorities. Rather, excess payments made to such holders will be netted against any future cash payments otherwise required to be made by us, if any, after the determination of such excess. However, a challenge to any tax benefits initially claimed by us may not arise for a number of years following the initial time of such payment or, even if challenged early, such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement and, as a result, there might not be future cash payments from which to net against. As a result, in certain circumstances, we could make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of our actual income or franchise tax savings, which could materially impair our financial condition. 
 Moreover, the Tax Receivable Agreement provides that, in the event that (i) we exercise our early termination rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement, (ii) we become bankrupt or undergo a similar insolvency event, (iii) certain changes of control of us occur (as described in the Tax Receivable Agreement) or (iv) we are more than three months late in making of a payment due under the Tax Receivable Agreement (unless we in good faith determine that we have insufficient funds to make such payment), our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement will accelerate and we will be required to make an immediate lump-sum cash payment to the Repay Unitholders equal to the present value of all forecasted future payments that would have otherwise been made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which lump-sum payment would be based on certain assumptions, including those relating to our future taxable income. The lump-sum payment to the Repay Unitholders could be substantial and could exceed the actual tax benefits that we realize subsequent to such payment because such payment would be calculated assuming, among other things, that we would be able to use the assumed potential tax benefits in future years, and that tax rates applicable to us would be the same as they were in the year of the termination. 
 There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed the actual income or franchise tax savings that we realize. Furthermore, our obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. We may need to incur additional indebtedness to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. Such indebtedness may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Risks Related to our Class A Common Stock 
 Future issuances or sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such issuances or sales may occur, could cause the market price for our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Hawk Parent has outstanding an aggregate of 7,861,271 Post-Merger Repay Units as of February 22, 2023. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, Repay Unitholders have the right to elect to exchange such Post-Merger Repay Units into shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to the terms of the Exchange Agreement. However, Hawk Parent may elect to settle such exchange in cash in lieu of delivering shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement. 
 32 

In addition, we have reserved a total of 13,826,728 shares of Class A common stock for issuance under our Repay Holdings Corporation Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended, the Incentive Plan. ). Of these shares, 7,305,413 shares of Class A common stock remain available for future issuance under the Incentive Plan as of February 22, 2023. To the extent such shares have vested or vest in the future (and settle into shares, in the case of restricted stock units), they can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. 
 If these stockholders exercise their sale or exchange rights and sell shares or are perceived by the market as intending to sell shares, the market price of our shares of Class A common stock could drop significantly. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through offerings of our shares of Class A common stock or other securities at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 We also have outstanding 440.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2026 Notes which are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock in certain circumstances. Investors will incur further dilution upon the conversion of any of our 2026 Notes if we elect to deliver shares of Class A common stock upon such conversion. In the future, we may also issue additional securities in connection with investments, acquisitions or capital raising activities, which could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and may result in additional dilution to investors or adversely impact the price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our stock price may be volatile, which could negatively affect our business and operations. 
 Historically, our Class A common stock has experienced substantial price volatility. For example, the closing price per share of our Class A common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market ranged from a low of 4.38 to a high of 19.54 during the period from January 3, 2022 to December 30, 2022. This volatility could be the result of changes in our volumes, revenue, earnings and margins or general market and economic factors. If our future operating results or margins are below the expectations of stock market analysts or our investors, our stock price will likely decline. 
 Speculation and opinions in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations or significant transactions can also cause changes in our stock price. In particular, speculation on our go-forward strategy, competition in some of the markets we address and the effect of general economic and political conditions (such as recession concerns, interest rate changes and inflation) on our business, may have a dramatic effect on our stock price. 
 Volatility in the stock price of our common stock or other reasons may in the future cause us to become the target of securities litigation or shareholder activism. Securities litigation and shareholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could result in substantial costs and divert management s and board of directors attention and resources from our business. Additionally, such securities litigation and shareholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, we may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation or activist shareholder matters. 
 Because we do not currently intend to pay dividends, holders of our Class A common stock will benefit from an investment in our Class A common stock only if it appreciates in value. 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our Class A common stock, and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend entirely upon future appreciation in its value. There is no guarantee that our Class A common stock will maintain its value or appreciate in value. 
 Delaware law and our governing documents contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors and therefore depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of our board of directors or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in management. Among other things, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions regarding: 
 a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors (until our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, at which time this provision will terminate); 

33 

the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock, including blank check preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

the right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

the requirement that directors may only be removed from the board of directors for cause (until our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, at which time this provision will terminate); 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent (except in limited circumstances), which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a stockholder proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our board of directors, the chairman of our board of directors or our chief executive officer, which could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of our board of directors and stockholder meetings; 

the ability of our board of directors to amend our bylaws, which may allow our board of directors to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend our bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 

advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in our board of directors and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are generally subject to provisions of Delaware law, including the DGCL. Although we have elected not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL, certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation, in a manner substantially similar to Section 203 of the DGCL, prohibit certain of our stockholders (other than those stockholders who are party to a stockholders agreement with us) who hold 15 or more of our outstanding capital stock from engaging in certain business combination transactions with us for a specified period of time unless certain conditions are met. 
 Our certificate of incorporation designates a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, any other court located in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, other employees or stockholders to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or our officers or directors arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities will be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us or our directors, officers, and other employees. If a court were to find these exclusive-forum provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results of operations. 
 34 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. PRO PERTIES. 
 The following table sets forth selected information concerning our principal facilities, as of December 31, 2022. 

Location 
 
 Owned/Leased 
 
 Approximate Square Footage 

Corporate Headquarters: 

Atlanta, Georgia 
 
 Leased 
 
 8,700 

Additional Facilities: 

Atlanta, Georgia 
 
 Leased 
 
 13,300 

Bettendorf, IA 
 
 Leased 
 
 12,900 

Chattanooga, Tennessee 
 
 Leased 
 
 1,000 

The Colony, Texas 
 
 Leased 
 
 14,100 

East Moline, Illinois 
 
 Leased 
 
 7,500 

Ft. Worth, Texas 
 
 Leased 
 
 7,900 

Middleton, Massachusetts 
 
 Leased 
 
 3,600 

Tempe, Arizona 
 
 Leased 
 
 7,500 

Sandy, Utah 
 
 Leased 
 
 5,200 

Sarasota, Florida 
 
 Leased 
 
 8,900 

Scottsdale, Arizona 
 
 Leased 
 
 9,800 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 We are currently not a party to any legal proceedings that would be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. From time to time, we may be subject to litigation incidental to our business, as well as other litigation of a non-material nature in the ordinary course of business. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURE. 
 Not applicable. 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAR EHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A common stock is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol RPAY . As of February 22, 2023, the closing price for our Class A common stock was 8.91. 
 Market price information regarding our Class V common stock and Post-Merger Repay Units is not provided because there is no public market for our Class V common stock or our Post-Merger Repay Units. 
 Holders 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were 12 holders of record of our Class A common stock, 24 holders of record of our Class V common stock and 24 holders of record of Post-Merger Repay Units (not including the Company). The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of our securities whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers and registered clearing agencies. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our Class A common stock. We currently do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 35 

Performance 
 
 The following graph compares the total shareholder return from July 17, 2018, the date on which our Class A common shares commenced trading on the Nasdaq, through December 31, 2022 of (i) our Class A common stock, (ii) the Standard and Poor s 500 Stock Index S P 500 Index and (iii) the Standard and Poor s 500 Information Technology Index S P Information Technology Index ). The stock performance graph and table assume an initial investment of 100 on July 17, 2018, and that all dividends of the S P 500 Index and S P Information Technology Index, were reinvested. 
 
 The performance graph and table are not intended to be indicative of future performance. The performance graph and table shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. 

Repay Holdings Corporation 

S P 500 Index 

S P Information Technology Index 

July 17, 2018 

100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

December 31, 2018 

102.59 

89.23 

84.92 

December 31, 2019 

151.81 

114.99 

125.72 

December 31, 2020 

282.38 

133.69 

178.79 

December 31, 2021 

194.51 

169.64 

238.42 

December 31, 2022 

83.42 

136.66 

169.49 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 36 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table summarizes purchases of Class A common stock made by the Company or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Exchange Agent) in connection with tax withholdings, under the ESPP and pursuant to our share repurchase program for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) (2) 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1-31, 2022 

12,479 

6.25 

43,000,000 

November 1-30, 2022 

467,558 
 
 (3) 
 
 7.78 

397,593 

(3,000,000) 

December 1-31, 2022 

5,940 

8.19 

Total 

485,977 

7.75 

397,593 

40,000,000 

(1) Includes 72,133 shares that we withheld pursuant to the Incentive Plan and the ESPP in order to satisfy employees tax withholding and payment obligations in connection with the vesting of awards of restricted stock under the Incentive Plan and share purchases under the ESPP, which, in each case, we withheld at fair market value on the applicable vesting date or purchase date. 

(2) Includes 397,593 shares purchased pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program. On May 16, 2022, our board of directors approved the Share Repurchase Program under which we may repurchase up to 50 million of our outstanding Class A common stock. The Share Repurchase Program has no expiration date but may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. Repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, with the amount and timing of repurchases depending on market conditions and corporate needs. 

(3) Includes 15,000 shares purchased in the open market in November 2022 by a corporation controlled by John A. Morris, our Chief Executive Officer, who could be deemed an affiliated purchaser. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved]. 
 
 37 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those statements included under Item 8, hereof. For purposes of this section, Repay , the Company , we , or our refer to Repay Holdings Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. Certain figures have been rounded for ease of presentation and may not sum due to rounding. 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We provide integrated payment processing solutions to industry-oriented markets in which clients have specific transaction processing needs. We refer to these markets as vertical markets or verticals. Our proprietary, integrated payment technology platform reduces the complexity of the electronic payments process for businesses, while enhancing their consumers overall experience. We are a payments innovator, differentiated by our proprietary, integrated payment technology platform and our ability to reduce the complexity of the electronic payments for businesses. We intend to continue to strategically target verticals where we believe our ability to tailor payment solutions to our client needs, our deep knowledge of our vertical markets and the embedded nature of our integrated payment solutions will drive strong growth by attracting new clients and fostering long-term client relationships. 
 Since a significant portion of our revenue is derived from volume-based payment processing fees, card payment volume is a key operating metric that we use to evaluate our business. We processed approximately 25.6 billion of total card payment volume for the year ending December 31, 2022, and our year-over-year card payment volume growth was approximately 25 . 
 Starting from December 31, 2022, we report our financial results based on two reportable segments. 
 Consumer Payments Our Consumer Payments segment provides payment processing solutions (including debit and credit card processing, ACH processing and other electronic payment acceptance solutions, as well as our loan disbursement product) that enable our clients to collect payments and disburse funds to consumers and includes our clearing and settlement solutions RCS and Blue Cow Software business BCS ). RCS is our proprietary clearing and settlement platform through which we market customizable payment processing programs to other ISOs and payment facilitators. BCS provides enterprise resource planning software solutions that are customized to propane and fuel oil dealers; however, BCS was sold on February 15, 2023. The strategic vertical markets served by our Consumer Payments segment primarily include personal loans, automotive loans, receivables management, credit unions, mortgage servicing, consumer healthcare, diversified retail and energy related software services. 
 Business Payments Our Business Payments segment provides payment processing solutions (including accounts payable automation, debit and credit card processing, virtual credit card processing, ACH processing and other electronic payment acceptance solutions) that enable our clients to collect or send payments to other businesses. The strategic vertical markets served within our Business Payments segment primarily include retail automotive, education, field services, governments and municipalities, healthcare, HOA management and hospitality. 
 Macroeconomic Conditions and COVID-19 
 We have been monitoring the current economic environment in the U.S. and globally characterized by heightened inflation (including changes in wages), rising interest rates, supply chain issues and slower growth. Such macroeconomic conditions may continue to evolve in ways that are difficult to fully anticipate and may also include increased levels of unemployment and/or a recession. Some or all of these market factors have and could continue to adversely affect our payment volumes from the consumer loan market, the receivables management industry and consumer and commercial spending. The effect of these events on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 
 38 

In addition, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results remains uncertain. Although our operations have continued effectively despite social distancing and other measures taken in response to the pandemic, it is possible that we could be adversely affected if the COVID-19 pandemic (including the continued emergence of new variants) results in new or additional mitigation efforts (including actions which could cause or exacerbate economic conditions described in the preceding paragraph). However, the acceleration in the use of online payment solutions and continued economic recovery from the effects from the COVID-19 pandemic may positively affect our financial results. 
 Finally, the impact of all of these various events on our results in 2022 may not be necessarily indicative of their impact on our results in 2023. 
 Business Combination 
 The Company was formed upon closing of the merger (the Business Combination of Hawk Parent Holdings LLC (together with Repay Holdings, LLC and its other subsidiaries, Hawk Parent with a subsidiary of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd., Thunder Bridge ), a special purpose acquisition company, on July 11, 2019. On the closing of the Business Combination, Thunder Bridge changed its name to Repay Holdings Corporation. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Business 
 Key factors that we believe impact our business, results of operations and financial condition include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the dollar amount volume and the number of transactions that are processed by the clients that we currently serve; 

our ability to attract new clients and onboard them as active processing clients; 

our ability to (i) successfully integrate acquisitions and (ii) complete future acquisitions; 

our ability to offer new and competitive payment technology solutions to our clients; and 

general economic conditions and consumer finance trends. 

Key Components of Our Revenues and Expenses 
 Revenues 
 Revenue . As our clients process increased volumes of payments, our revenues increase as a result of the fees we charge for processing these payments. Most of our revenues are derived from volume-based payment processing fees discount fees and other related fixed per transaction fees. Discount fees represent a percentage of the dollar amount of each credit or debit transaction processed and include fees relating to processing and services that we provide. The transaction price for such processing services is determined, based on the judgment of our management, considering factors such as margin objectives, pricing practices and controls, client segment pricing strategies, the product life cycle and the observable price of the service charged to similarly situated clients. We believe our chargeback rate was less than 1 of our card payment volume, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Expenses 
 Costs of services . Costs of services primarily include commissions to our software integration partners and other third-party processing costs, such as front and back-end processing costs and sponsor bank fees. 
 Selling, general and administrative . Selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, share-based compensation and other employment costs, professional service fees, rent and utilities and other operating costs. 
 Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation expense consists of depreciation on our investments in property, equipment and computer hardware. Depreciation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset. Amortization expense for software development costs and purchased software is recognized on the straight-line method over a three-year estimated useful life, between eight to ten years estimated useful life for client relationships and channel relationships, and between two to five years estimated useful life for non-compete agreements. 
 Interest expense. Interest expense consists of interest in respect of our indebtedness under the Successor Credit Agreement, which was entered into in connection with the Business Combination and amended in February 2020, and the Amended Credit Agreement, which replaced the Successor Credit Agreement in February 2021. 
 39 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities. This amount represents the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities. The warrant liabilities are carried at fair value; so, any change to the valuation of this liability is recognized through this line in other expense. The change in fair value results from the change of underlying publicly listed trading price of our Class A common stock at each measurement date. 
 Change in fair value of tax receivable liability . This amount represents the change in fair value of the tax receivable agreement liability. The TRA liability is carried at fair value; so, any change to the valuation of this liability is recognized through this line in other expense. The change in fair value can result from the redemption or exchange of Post-Merger Repay Units for Class A common stock of Repay Holdings Corporation, or through accretion of the discounted fair value of the expected future cash payments. 
 Results of Operations 

Year ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

279,227 

219,258 

155,036 

Operating expenses 

Costs of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

64,826 

55,484 

41,447 

Selling, general and administrative 

149,061 

120,053 

87,302 

Depreciation and amortization 

107,751 

89,692 

60,807 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

(3,300) 

5,846 

(2,510) 

Impairment loss 

8,090 

2,180 

Total operating expenses 

326,428 

273,255 

187,046 

Loss from operations 

(47,201) 

(53,997) 

(32,010) 

Interest expense 

(4,375) 

(3,679) 

(14,445) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(5,941) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

(70,827) 

Change in fair value of tax receivable liability 

66,871 

(14,109) 

(12,439) 

Other (expense) income 

(135) 

97 

(3) 

Other loss 

(245) 

(9,099) 

Total other income (expense) 

62,116 

(32,731) 

(97,714) 

Income (loss) before income tax (expense) benefit 

14,915 

(86,728) 

(129,724) 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

(6,174) 

30,691 

12,358 

Net income (loss) 

8,741 

(56,037) 

(117,366) 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

(4,095) 

(5,953) 

(11,769) 

Net income (loss) attributable to the Company 

12,836 

(50,084) 

(105,597) 

Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding - basic 

88,792,453 

83,318,189 

52,180,911 

Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding - diluted 

110,671,731 

83,318,189 

52,180,911 

Income (loss) per Class A share - basic 

0.14 

(0.60) 

(2.02) 

Income (loss) per Class A share - diluted 

0.12 

(0.60) 

(2.02) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenue 
 Total revenue was 279.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 219.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 60.0 million or 27.4 . This increase was the result of newly signed clients, the growth of our existing clients, as well as the acquisitions of BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix. For the year ended December 31, 2022, incremental revenues of approximately 37.9 million are attributable to BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix. 
 Costs of Services 
 Costs of services were 64.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 55.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 9.3 million or 16.8 . This increase was the result of newly signed clients, the growth of our existing clients, as well as the acquisitions of BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix. For the year ended December 31, 2022, incremental costs of services of approximately 7.5 million are attributable to BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were 149.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 120.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 29.0 million or 24.2 . This increase was primarily due to a 
 40 

19.4 million increase in compensation expenses with general business growth and increased employees related to acquisitions, and a 7.0 million increase in software and technological services expenses related to the integration of acquired businesses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses were 107.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 89.7 million for year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 18.1 million or 20.1 . The increase was primarily due to a 20.9 million increase in depreciation and amortization of fixed assets and intangibles from the acquisitions of BillingTree, Kontrol, and Payix. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Change in the fair value of contingent consideration was 3.3) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted of fair value adjustments related to the contingent consideration for the acquisitions of CPS, Kontrol, and Payix. 
 Impairment Loss 
 We incurred an impairment loss of 8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to trade names write-offs related to BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix. We incurred an impairment loss of 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to trade names write-offs related to TriSource, APS, Ventanex, cPayPlus and CPS. These trade names were strategically phased out, and service offerings are marketed under the REPAY name. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 0.7 million or 18.9 . This increase was due to a higher average outstanding principal balance under our Amended Credit Agreement. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 We incurred a loss of 5.9 million on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the termination in full of all outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loan commitments under the Successor Credit Agreement. 
 Change in Fair Value of Tax Receivable Liability 
 We incurred a gain, related to accretion expense and fair value adjustment of the tax receivable liability of 66.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of 14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 81.0 million. This increase was due to larger fair value adjustments related to the tax receivable liability, primarily as a result of changes to the discount rate, or Early Termination Rate, used to determine the fair value of the liability. 
 Other Loss 
 	We incurred a loss of 0.2 million on termination of lease and disposal of fixed assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. We incurred a loss of 9.1 million on the settlement of interest rate swaps and disposal of property and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Income Tax Expense and Benefit 
 The income tax expense was 6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, reflecting the expected income tax expense on the income generated over the same period. This was a result of the operating income incurred by the Company, primarily driven by the change in fair value of the tax receivable liability and contingent consideration, offset by stock-based compensation deductions and the amortization of assets acquired in the Business Combination and prior acquisitions. The income tax benefit was 30.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which reflected the expected income tax benefit to be received on the net earnings related to the Company s economic interest in Hawk Parent. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Revenue 
 Total revenue was 219.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 155.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 64.3 million or 41.4 . This increase was the result of newly signed clients, the growth of 
 41 

our existing clients, as well as the acquisitions of BillingTree and Kontrol. For the year ended December 31, 2021, incremental revenues of approximately 42.7 million are attributable to BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix. 
 Costs of Services 
 Costs of services were 55.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 41.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 14.1 million or 33.9 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, incremental costs of services of approximately 8.4 million are attributable to BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were 120.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 87.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 32.8 million or 37.5 . This increase was primarily due to increased compensation expenses with general business growth and increased expenses relating to software and technological services. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses were 89.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 60.8 million for year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 28.9 million or 47.5 . The increase was primarily due to depreciation and amortization of fixed assets and intangibles from the acquisitions of BillingTree and Kontrol. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Change in the fair value of contingent consideration was 5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which consisted of fair value adjustments related to the contingent consideration for the acquisitions of Ventanex, CPS, BillingTree and Kontrol. 
 Impairment Loss 
 We incurred an impairment loss of 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to trade names write-offs related to TriSource, APS, Ventanex, cPayPlus and CPS as we strategically phased out these trade names and marketed service offerings under the REPAY name. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 14.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 10.7 million or 74.5 . This decrease was due to a lower average outstanding principal balance under our Amended Credit Agreement as compared to the average outstanding principal balance under the Successor Credit Agreement. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 We incurred a loss of 5.9 million on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the termination in full of all outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loan commitments under the Successor Credit Agreement. 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 
 We incurred a change in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 70.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was due to the mark-to-market valuation adjustments related to the increase in the publicly listed trading price of our stock. In July 2020, we completed the redemption of all of our outstanding warrants. 
 Change in Fair Value of Tax Receivable Liability 
 We incurred a change in the fair value of the tax receivable liability of 14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 12.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 1.7 million. This increase was due to lower fair value adjustments related to the tax receivable liability, primarily as a result of changes to the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the liability, as well as final adjustments related to the value of the 2020 exchanges of Post-Merger Repay Units. 
 42 

Other Loss 
 We incurred a loss of 9.1 million on the settlement of interest rate swaps and disposal of property and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 The income tax benefit was 30.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 12.4 million for year ended December 31, 2020, which reflected the expected income tax benefit to be received on the net earnings related to the Company s economic interest in Hawk Parent. This was a result of the operating loss incurred by the Company, primarily driven by stock-based compensation deductions, the amortization of assets acquired in the Business Combination and prior acquisitions, the write-off of deferred debt issuance costs and the loss recognized as part of the settlement of interest rate swaps, in addition to, the state rate change impact on deferred taxes. 
 Segments 
 We provided our services through two reportable segments: (1) Consumer Payments and (2) Business Payments. 
 The following table presents our segment revenue and selected performance measures. 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousand) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revenue 

Consumer Payments 

248,191 

194,044 

Business Payments 

42,600 

33,818 

Elimination of intersegment revenues 

(11,564) 

(8,604) 

Total revenue 

279,227 

219,258 

Gross profit (1) 

Consumer Payments 

195,542 

148,614 

Business Payments 

30,423 

23,764 

Elimination of intersegment revenues 

(11,564) 

(8,604) 

Total gross profit 

214,401 

163,774 

Total gross profit margin (2) 
 
 77 

75 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousand) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Consumer Payments 

194,044 

140,844 

Business Payments 

33,818 

20,620 

Elimination of intersegment revenues 

(8,604) 

(6,428) 

Total revenue 

219,258 

155,036 

Gross profit (1) 

Consumer Payments 

148,614 

106,016 

Business Payments 

23,764 

14,001 

Elimination of intersegment revenues 

(8,604) 

(6,428) 

Total gross profit 

163,774 

113,589 

Total gross profit margin (2) 
 
 75 

73 

(1) Gross profit represents revenue less cost of services. 

(2) Gross profit margin represents total gross profit / total revenue. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Consumer Payments 
 Revenue for the Consumer Payments segment was 248.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 194.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a 54.2 million or 27.9 year-over-year increase. This increase was the result of newly signed clients, the growth of existing clients, as well as the acquisitions of BillingTree and Payix. For the year ended December 31, 2022, incremental revenues of approximately 34.3 million are attributable to BillingTree and Payix. 
 43 

Gross profit for the Consumer Payments segment was 195.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 148.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a 46.9 million or 31.6 year-over-year increase. This increase was the result of newly signed clients, the growth of existing clients, as well as the acquisitions of BillingTree and Payix. For the year ended December 31, 2022, incremental gross profit of approximately 27.9 million is attributable to BillingTree and Payix. 
 Business Payments 
 Revenue for the Business Payments segment was 42.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 33.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a 8.8 million or 26.0 year-over-year increase. This increase was primarily driven by newly signed clients and growth of existing clients. For the year ended December 31, 2022, incremental revenues of approximately 1.1 million are attributable to the acquisition of Kontrol. 
 Gross profit for the Business Payments segment was 30.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 23.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a 6.6 million or 28.0 year-over-year increase. This increase was primarily driven by newly signed clients and growth of existing clients. For the year ended December 31, 2022, incremental gross profit of approximately 0.5 million is attributable to the acquisition of Kontrol. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Consumer Payments 
 Revenue for the Consumer Payments segment was 194.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 140.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, representing a 53.2 million or 37.8 year-over-year increase. This increase was the result of newly signed clients, the growth of existing clients, as well as the acquisitions of BillingTree, Ventanex and Payix. For the year ended December 31, 2021, incremental revenues of approximately 32.0 million are attributable to BillingTree, Ventanex and Payix. 
 Gross profit for the Consumer Payments segment was 148.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 106.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, representing a 42.6 million or 40.2 year-over-year increase. This increase was the result of newly signed clients, the growth of existing clients, as well as the acquisitions of BillingTree, Ventanex and Payix. For the year ended December 31, 2021, incremental gross profit of approximately 27.3 million is attributable to BillingTree, Ventanex and Payix. 
 Business Payments 
 Revenue for the Business Payments segment was 33.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 20.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, representing a 13.2 million or 64.0 year-over-year increase. This increase was the result of newly signed clients, the growth of existing clients, as well as the acquisitions of Ventanex, CPS, cPayPlus and Kontrol. For the year ended December 31, 2021, incremental revenues of approximately 9.2 million are attributable to Ventanex, CPS, cPayPlus and Kontrol. 
 Gross profit for the Business Payments segment was 23.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, representing a 9.8 million or 69.7 year-over-year increase. This increase was the result of newly signed clients, the growth of existing clients, as well as the acquisitions of Ventanex, CPS, cPayPlus and Kontrol. For the year ended December 31, 2021, incremental gross profit of approximately 6.0 million is attributable to Ventanex, CPS, cPayPlus and Kontrol. 
 
 44 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This report includes certain non-GAAP financial measures that our management uses to evaluate our operating business, measure our performance and make strategic decisions. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents net income prior to interest expense, tax expense, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted to add back certain charges deemed to not be part of normal operating expenses, non-cash charges and/or non-recurring charges, such as loss on extinguishment of debt, loss on termination of interest rate hedge, non-cash change in fair value of contingent consideration, non-cash change in fair value of assets and liabilities, share-based compensation charges, transaction expenses, restructuring and other strategic initiative costs and other non-recurring charges. 
 Adjusted Net Income is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents net income prior to amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, as adjusted to add back certain charges deemed to not be part of normal operating expenses, non-cash charges and/or non-recurring charges, such as loss on extinguishment of debt, loss on termination of interest rate hedge, non-cash change in fair value of contingent consideration, non-cash change in fair value of assets and liabilities, share-based compensation expense, transaction expenses, restructuring and other strategic initiative costs, other non-recurring charges, non-cash interest expense and net of tax effect associated with these adjustments. Adjusted Net Income is adjusted to exclude amortization of all acquisition-related intangibles as such amounts are inconsistent in amount and frequency and are significantly impacted by the timing and/or size of acquisitions. Management believes that the adjustment of acquisition-related intangible amortization supplements GAAP financial measures because it allows for greater comparability of operating performance. Although we exclude amortization from acquisition-related intangibles from our non-GAAP expenses, management believes that it is important for investors to understand that such intangibles were recorded as part of purchase accounting and contribute to revenue generation. 
 Adjusted Net Income per share is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents Adjusted Net Income divided by the weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis assuming conversion of the outstanding Post-Merger Repay Units) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (excluding certain shares that were subject to forfeiture). 
 We believe that Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per share provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating its operating results in the same manner as management. However, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per share are not financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for net income, operating profit, or any other operating performance measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. Using these non-GAAP financial measures to analyze our business has material limitations because the calculations are based on the subjective determination of management regarding the nature and classification of events and circumstances that investors may find significant. In addition, although other companies in our industry may report measures titled Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Net Income per share or similar measures, such non-GAAP financial measures may be calculated differently from how we calculate our non-GAAP financial measures, which reduces their overall usefulness as comparative measures. Because of these limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per share alongside other financial performance measures, including net income and our other financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following tables set forth a reconciliation of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 

45 

REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Reconciliation of GAAP Net Income to Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

279,227 

219,258 

155,036 

Operating expenses 

Costs of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

64,826 

55,484 

41,447 

Selling, general and administrative 

149,061 

120,053 

87,302 

Depreciation and amortization 

107,751 

89,692 

60,807 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

(3,300) 

5,846 

(2,510) 

Impairment loss 

8,090 

2,180 

Total operating expenses 

326,428 

273,255 

187,046 

Loss from operations 

(47,201) 

(53,997) 

(32,010) 

Interest expense 

(4,375) 

(3,679) 

(14,445) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(5,941) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

(70,827) 

Change in fair value of tax receivable liability 

66,871 

(14,109) 

(12,439) 

Other (expense) income 

(135) 

97 

(3) 

Other loss 

(245) 

(9,099) 

Total other income (expense) 

62,116 

(32,731) 

(97,714) 

Income (loss) before income tax (expense) benefit 

14,915 

(86,728) 

(129,724) 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

(6,174) 

30,691 

12,358 

Net income (loss) 

8,741 

(56,037) 

(117,366) 

Add: 

Interest expense 

4,375 

3,679 

14,445 

Depreciation and amortization (a) 

107,751 

89,692 

60,807 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

6,174 

(30,691) 

(12,358) 

EBITDA 

127,041 

6,643 

(54,472) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt (i) 

5,941 

Loss on termination of interest rate hedge (j) 

9,080 

Non-cash change in fair value of warrant liabilities (k) 

70,827 

Non-cash change in fair value of contingent consideration (b) 

(3,300) 

5,846 

(2,510) 

Non-cash impairment loss (c) 

8,090 

2,180 

Non-cash change in fair value of assets and liabilities (d) 

(66,871) 

14,109 

12,439 

Share-based compensation expense (e) 

20,532 

22,311 

19,446 

Transaction expenses (f) 

18,993 

19,250 

10,924 

Restructuring and other strategic initiative costs (g) 

7,870 

4,578 

1,103 

Other non-recurring charges (h) 

12,294 

3,262 

1,794 

Adjusted EBITDA 

124,649 

93,200 

59,551 

46 

REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Reconciliation of GAAP Net Income to Non-GAAP Adjusted Net Income 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

279,227 

219,258 

155,036 

Operating expenses 

Costs of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

64,826 

55,484 

41,447 

Selling, general and administrative 

149,061 

120,053 

87,302 

Depreciation and amortization 

107,751 

89,692 

60,807 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

(3,300) 

5,846 

(2,510) 

Impairment loss 

8,090 

2,180 

Total operating expenses 

326,428 

273,255 

187,046 

Loss from operations 

(47,201) 

(53,997) 

(32,010) 

Interest expense 

(4,375) 

(3,679) 

(14,445) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(5,941) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

(70,827) 

Change in fair value of tax receivable liability 

66,871 

(14,109) 

(12,439) 

Other (expense) income 

(135) 

97 

(3) 

Other loss 

(245) 

(9,099) 

Total other income (expense) 

62,116 

(32,731) 

(97,714) 

Income (loss) before income tax (expense) benefit 

14,915 

(86,728) 

(129,724) 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

(6,174) 

30,691 

12,358 

Net income (loss) 

8,741 

(56,037) 

(117,366) 

Add: 

Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles (l) 

89,473 

79,932 

52,126 

Loss on extinguishment of debt (i) 

5,941 

Loss on extinguishment of interest rate hedge (j) 

9,080 

Non-cash change in fair value of warrant liabilities (k) 

70,827 

Non-cash change in fair value of contingent consideration (b) 

(3,300) 

5,846 

(2,510) 

Non-cash goodwill impairment loss (c) 

8,090 

2,180 

Non-cash change in fair value of assets and liabilities (d) 

(66,871) 

14,109 

12,439 

Share-based compensation expense (e) 

20,532 

22,311 

19,446 

Transaction expenses (f) 

18,993 

19,250 

10,924 

Restructuring and other strategic initiative costs (g) 

7,870 

4,578 

1,103 

Other non-recurring charges (h) 

12,294 

3,262 

1,794 

Non-cash interest expense (m) 

2,835 

2,536 

Pro forma taxes at effective rate (n) 

(18,871) 

(39,219) 

(11,883) 

Adjusted Net Income 

79,786 

73,769 

36,900 

Shares of Class A common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis) (o) 

96,684,629 

91,264,512 

73,373,106 

Adjusted Net Income per share 

0.83 

0.81 

0.50 

(a) See footnote (l) for details on our amortization and depreciation expenses. 

(b) Reflects the changes in management s estimates of future cash consideration to be paid in connection with prior acquisitions from the amount estimated as of the most recent balance sheet date. 

(c) For the year ended December 31, 2022, reflects impairment loss related to trade names write-offs of BillingTree and Kontrol. For the year ended December 31, 2021, reflects impairment loss related to trade names write-offs of TriSource, APS, Ventanex, cPayPlus and CPS. 

(d) Reflects the changes in management s estimates of the fair value of the liability relating to TRA. 

(e) Represents compensation expense associated with equity compensation plans, totaling 20.5 million, 22.3 million and 19.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(f) Primarily consists of (i) during the year ended December 31, 2022, professional service fees and other costs incurred in connection with the acquisitions of BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix, (ii) during the year ended December 31, 2021, professional service fees and other costs incurred in connection with the acquisitions of Ventanex, cPayPlus, CPS, BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix, as well as professional service expenses related to the January 2021 equity and convertible notes offerings and (iii) during the year ended December 31, 2020, professional service fees and other costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of CPS, and additional transaction expenses incurred in connection with the Business Combination and the acquisitions of TriSource, 

47 

APS, Ventanex and cPayPlus, as well as professional service expenses related to the June and September 2020 equity offerings. 

(g) Reflects costs associated with reorganization of operations, consulting fees related to our processing services and other operational improvements, including restructuring and integration activities related to our acquired businesses, that were not in the ordinary course during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2022, reflects one-time severance payments. 

(h) For the year ended December 31, 2022, reflects one-time settlement payments to certain clients and partners, payments made to third-parties in connection with expansion of our personnel, non-recurring performance incentives to employees, franchise taxes and other non-income based taxes, other payments related to COVID-19, non-cash rent expense, loss on termination of lease and loss on disposal of fixed assets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, reflects one-time payments to certain clients and partners, other payments related to COVID-19, non-cash rent expense and loss on disposal of fixed assets. For the year ended December 31, 2020, reflects expenses incurred related to one-time accounting system and compensation plan implementation related to becoming a public company, one-time payments to certain clients and other payments related to COVID-19. Additionally, to be consistent with the current year presentation, for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, reflects payments made to third-parties in connection with expansion of our personnel, franchise taxes and other non-income based taxes. 

(i) Reflects write-offs of debt issuance costs relating to Term Loans. 

(j) Reflects realized loss of our interest rate hedging arrangement which terminated in conjunction with the repayment of Term Loans. 

(k) Reflects the mark-to-market fair value adjustments of the warrant liabilities. 

(l) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, reflects amortization of client relationships, non-compete agreement, software, and channel relationship intangibles acquired through the Business Combination, and client relationships, non-compete agreement, and software intangibles acquired through our acquisitions of TriSource, APS, Ventanex, cPayPlus, CPS, BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix. For the year ended December 31, 2020 reflects (i) amortization of the client relationships intangibles acquired through Hawk Parent s acquisitions of PaidSuite and Paymaxx during the year ended December 31, 2017 and the recapitalization transaction in 2016, through which Hawk Parent was formed in connection with the acquisition of a majority interest in Repay Holdings, LLC by certain investment funds sponsored by, or affiliated with, Corsair, (ii) client relationships, non-compete agreement, software, and channel relationship intangibles acquired through the Business Combination, and (iii) client relationships, non-compete agreement, and software intangibles acquired through Repay Holdings, LLC s acquisitions of TriSource, APS, Ventanex, cPayPlus and CPS. This adjustment excludes the amortization of other intangible assets which were acquired in the regular course of business, such as capitalized internally developed software and purchased software. See additional information below for an analysis of our amortization expenses: 

Year ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Acquisition-related intangibles 

89,473 

79,932 

52,126 

Software 

15,921 

8,464 

7,467 

Reseller buyouts 

58 

Amortization 

105,394 

88,396 

59,651 

Depreciation 

2,357 

1,296 

1,156 

Total Depreciation and amortization (1) 

107,751 

89,692 

60,807 

(1) Adjusted Net Income is adjusted to exclude amortization of all acquisition-related intangibles as such amounts are inconsistent in amount and frequency and are significantly impacted by the timing and/or size of acquisitions (see corresponding adjustments in the reconciliation of net income to Adjusted Net Income presented above). Management believes that the adjustment of acquisition-related intangible amortization supplements GAAP financial measures because it allows for greater comparability of operating performance. Although we exclude amortization from acquisition-related intangibles from our non-GAAP expenses, management believes that it is important for investors to understand that such intangibles were recorded as part of purchase accounting and may contribute to revenue generation. Amortization of intangibles that relate to past acquisitions will recur in future periods until such intangibles have been fully amortized. Any future acquisitions may result in the amortization of additional intangibles. 

(m) Represents amortization of non-cash deferred debt issuance costs. 

(n) Represents pro forma income tax adjustment effect associated with items adjusted above. 

(o) Represents the weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis assuming conversion of outstanding Post-Merger Repay Units) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 

48 

2020. These numbers do not include any shares issuable upon conversion of our 2026 Notes. See the reconciliation of basic weighted average shares outstanding to the non-GAAP Class A common stock outstanding on an as-converted basis for each respective period below: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding - basic 
 
 88,792,453 
 
 83,318,189 
 
 52,180,911 

Add: Non-controlling interests Weighted average Post-Merger Repay Units exchangeable for Class A common stock 
 
 7,892,176 
 
 7,946,323 
 
 21,192,195 

Shares of Class A common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis) 
 
 96,684,629 
 
 91,264,512 
 
 73,373,106 

Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 124.6 million and 93.2 million, respectively, representing a 33.7 year-over-year increase. Adjusted Net Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 79.8 million and 73.8 million, respectively, representing a 8.2 year-over-year increase. Our net income (loss) attributable to the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 12.8 million and 50.1) million, respectively, representing a 125.6 year-over-year increase. 
 These increases in Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and net income (loss) attributable to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 are primarily due to the organic growth of our business, along with contributions from acquisitions. 
 For discussion on Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net income, and net income (loss) attributable to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, see Part II, Item 7 of the Company s 2021 Form 10-K. 
 Seasonality 
 We have experienced in the past, and may continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in our volumes and revenues as a result of consumer spending patterns. Volumes and revenues during the first quarter of the calendar year tend to increase in comparison to the remaining three quarters of the calendar year on a same store basis. This increase is due to consumers receipt of tax refunds and the increases in repayment activity levels that follow. Operating expenses show less seasonal fluctuation, with the result that net income is subject to the similar seasonal factors as our volumes and revenues. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have historically financed our operations and working capital through net cash from operating activities. We also finance our operations through proceeds from the issuance of our Class A common stock in June 2020 and our January 2021 convertible notes offering. As of December 31, 2022, we had 64.9 million of cash and cash equivalents and available borrowing capacity of 165.0 million under the Amended Credit Agreement. This balance does not include restricted cash, which reflects cash accounts holding reserves for potential losses and client settlement funds of 28.7 million as of December 31, 2022. In February 2021, we used a portion of the proceeds from the January 2021 convertible notes offering to prepay in full the entire principal amount of the term loans then outstanding under the Successor Credit Agreement and also terminated in full all delayed draw term loan commitments then outstanding. At that time, we also amended and restated the Successor Credit Agreement and entered into the Amended Credit Agreement, which established a 125.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility in favor of Hawk Parent. In December 2021, we increased our existing senior secured credit facilities by 60.0 million to a 185.0 million revolving credit facility pursuant to an amendment to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 Our primary cash needs are to fund working capital requirements, invest in technology development, fund acquisitions and related contingent consideration, make scheduled principal payments and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness and pay tax distributions to members of Hawk Parent. We expect that our cash flow from operations, current cash and cash equivalents and available borrowing capacity under the Amended Credit Agreement will be sufficient to fund our operations and planned capital expenditures and to service our debt obligations for the next twelve months. 
 We may also from time to time depending on market conditions and prices, contractual restrictions, our financial liquidity and other factors, seek to prepay outstanding debt or repurchase our outstanding debt through open market purchases, 
 49 

privately negotiated purchases, or otherwise. The amounts involved in any such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may be material and may be funded from available cash or from additional borrowings. 
 We are a holding company with no operations and depend on our subsidiaries for cash to fund all of our consolidated operations, including future dividend payments, if any. We depend on the payment of distributions by our current subsidiaries, including Hawk Parent, which distributions may be restricted by law or contractual agreements, including agreements governing their indebtedness. For a discussion of those considerations and restrictions, refer to Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our material contractual obligations primarily consist of operating leases liabilities and contingent considerations. See Note 5. Business Combinations and Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies to the financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information related to contingent considerations and operating leases liabilities, respectively. Contingent considerations are associated with the acquisition of CPS, which include approximately 1.0 million due within the next twelve months. Based on our current lease terms, 2.3 million of operating lease liabilities are due within the next twelve months, and the remaining lease liabilities of 8.3 million are due within the next six years. We believe the cash flows from operations and available borrowing capacity from our existing revolving credit facility will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirement for the next twelve months and the following five years. 
 On May 16, 2022, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program under which we may repurchase up to 50 million of our outstanding Class A common stock (the Share Repurchase Program ). The Share Repurchase Program has no expiration date but may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 1,078,141 shares for a total of approximately 10.0 million under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table presents a summary of cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

74,223 

53,330 

28,487 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(39,541) 

(397,335) 

(145,980) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(17,459) 

313,840 

186,097 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 74.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 53.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 28.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, reflects net income as adjusted for non-cash operating items including depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, and changes in working capital accounts. 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 39.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the capitalization of software development activities. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 397.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the acquisitions of BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix, as well as the capitalization of software development activities. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 146.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, due to the acquisition of Ventanex, cPayPlus, and CPS, as well as capitalization of software development activities. 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 50 

Net cash used in financing activities was 17.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the shares repurchased under the Incentive Plan, ESPP and Share Repurchase Program, as well as the Ventanex earnout payment. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 313.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to proceeds from the issuance of new shares in the Equity Offering, and proceeds from the 2026 Notes, offset by repayment of the outstanding revolver balance related to the Successor Credit Agreement, repayments of the Term Loan principal balance under the Successor Credit Agreement and the cPayPlus earnout payment. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 186.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, due to proceeds from the issuance of new shares in the June 2020 offering of Class A common stock, new borrowings related to the acquisition of Ventanex under the Successor Credit Agreement, as well as funds received related to the exercise of warrants, offset by repayment of the outstanding revolver balance related to the Successor Credit Agreement in connection with its amendment and the acquisition of Ventanex, and repayments of the term loan principal balance under the Successor Credit Agreement. 
 Indebtedness 
 Successor Credit Agreement 
 In connection with the Business Combination, on July 11, 2019, TB Acquisition Merger Sub LLC, Hawk Parent and certain subsidiaries of Hawk Parent, as guarantors, entered into a Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement (the Successor Credit Agreement with certain financial institutions, as lenders, and Truist Bank (formerly SunTrust Bank), as the administrative agent. 
 On February 10, 2020, we announced the acquisition of Ventanex. The closing of the acquisition was financed partially from new borrowings under our existing credit facility. As part of the financing for the transaction, we entered into an agreement with Truist Bank and other members of its existing bank group to amend and upsize the Successor Credit Agreement. 
 On January 20, 2021, we used a portion of the proceeds from the 2026 Notes to prepay in full the entire amount of the outstanding term loans under the Successor Credit Agreement. We also terminated in full all outstanding delayed draw term loan commitments under such credit facilities. 
 Amended Credit Agreement 
 In February 2021, we also amended and restated the Successor Credit Agreement and entered into the Amended Credit Agreement, which establishes a 125.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility in favor of Hawk Parent. 
 In December 2021, we increased our existing senior secured credit facilities by 60.0 million to a 185.0 million revolving credit facility pursuant to an amendment to the Amended Credit Agreement. We currently expect that we will remain in compliance with the restrictive financial covenants of the Amended Credit Agreement, prospectively. 
 In February 2023, we further amended the Amended Credit Agreement to replace LIBOR with term SOFR as the interest rate benchmark. 
 In February 2023, we repaid in full the entire amount of 20.0 million of the outstanding revolving credit facility. The undrawn capacity of the existing revolving credit facility under the Amended Credit Agreement became 185.0 million after the repayment. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Amended Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of 185.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 20.0 million drawn against the revolving credit facility at a variable interest rate of 2.25 plus 1-month LIBOR due 2026. We paid 0.6 million and 0.4 million in fees related to unused commitments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 10. Borrowings to the financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 Convertible Senior Debt 
 On January 19, 2021, we issued 440.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 in a private placement (the Notes Offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 40.0 million in aggregate principal amount of such 2026 Notes were sold in the Notes Offering in connection with the full exercise of the initial purchasers option to purchase such additional 2026 Notes pursuant to the purchase agreement. Upon conversion, the Company may choose to pay or deliver cash, shares of the Company s Class A 
 51 

Common Stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. The 2026 Notes will mature on February 1, 2026, unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had convertible senior debt outstanding of 433.1 million, net of deferred issuance costs, under the 2026 Notes, and revolving credit facility debt outstanding of 18.2 million, net of deferred issuance costs, under the Amended Credit Agreement. We were in compliance with the related restrictive financial covenants. Additionally, we currently expect that we will remain in compliance with the restrictive financial covenants prospectively. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 Upon the completion of the Business Combination, we entered into that certain Tax Receivable Agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement or TRA with holders (other than the Company) of limited liability company interests of Hawk Parent (the Post-Merger Repay Units ). As a result of the TRA, we established a liability in our consolidated financial statements. Such liability, which will increase upon the exchanges of Post-Merger Repay Units for Class A common stock, generally represents 100 of the estimated future tax benefits, if any, relating to the increase in tax basis that will result from exchanges of the Post-Merger Repay Units for shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreement and certain other tax attributes of the Company and tax benefits of entering into the TRA, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the TRA. 
 Under the terms of the TRA, we may elect to terminate the TRA early but will be required to make an immediate payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future cash tax savings. As a result, the associated liability reported on our consolidated financial statements may be increased. We expect that the payment obligations of the Company required under the TRA will be substantial. The actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the TRA, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of redemptions or exchanges by the holders of Post-Merger Repay Units, the price of our Class A common stock at the time of the redemption or exchange, whether such redemptions or exchanges are taxable, the amount and timing of the taxable income we generate in the future, the tax rate then applicable and the portion of our payments under the TRA constituting imputed interest. We expect to fund the payment of the amounts due under the TRA out of the cash savings that we actually realize in respect of the attributes to which the TRA relates. However, the payments required to be made could be in excess of the actual tax benefits that we realize and there can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the TRA. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 For information related to recent accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported consolidated statements of operations during the reporting period. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and available relevant information that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. Actual results may materially differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions as new or additional information become available in future periods. Accounting policies require numerous estimates or economic assumptions that may prove inaccurate or may be subject to variations which may significantly affect our reported results and financial condition for the period or in future periods. Subsequent changes in economic or market conditions could have a material impact on these estimates and our financial condition and operating results in future periods. There have been no significant changes in our application of accounting estimates during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The consideration to be received in our contracts with clients consists of variable consideration where the timing and quantity of transactions to be processed is not determinable at contract inception. Our performance obligation in our contracts with clients is the promise to stand-ready to provide front-end authorization and back-end settlement payment processing services processing services for an unknown or unspecified quantity of transactions and the consideration received is contingent upon the client s use (e.g., number of transactions submitted and processed) of the related processing services. 
 52 

Accordingly, the total transaction price is variable. These services are stand-ready obligations, as the timing and quantity of transactions to be processed is not determinable. 
 We follow the requirements of ASC 606-10-55-36 through -40, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Principal Agent Considerations , in determining the gross versus net revenue recognition for performance obligation(s) in the contract with a client. 
 The principal versus agent evaluation is matter of judgment that depends on the facts and circumstances of the arrangement and is dependent on whether we control the good or service before it is transferred to the client or whether we are acting as an agent of a third party. This evaluation is performed separately for each performance obligation identified. 
 Business Combinations 
 	We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method, the consolidated financial statements reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the closing date of the acquisition. 
 	All assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of an acquired business to the fair values of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with any excess purchase price recorded as goodwill. Contingent consideration, if any, is included within the purchase price and is recognized at its fair value on the acquisition date. The application of the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations and determination of fair value requires management to make judgments and may involve the use of significant estimates, including assumptions related to estimated future revenues, growth rates, cash flows, and discount rates, among other items. Management generally evaluates fair value at acquisition using three valuation techniques the replacement cost, market and income methods and weights the valuation methods based on what is most appropriate in the circumstances. The process of assigning fair values, particularly to acquired intangible assets, is highly subjective. Management also typically utilizes third party valuation specialists to assist in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Fair value estimates are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable, but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. If the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used, the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements may be exposed to potential impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill as discussed in the Impairment section below. The determination of fair value is considered a critical accounting estimate because the valuation techniques mentioned use significant estimates and assumptions, including projected future revenues, the expected economic life of the asset, tax rates and a discount rate that reflects the level of risk associated with the future earnings attributable to the asset. 
 	During the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date, adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be recorded, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. 
 Impairment 
 	We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or more frequently as warranted by events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If, based on the results of the qualitative assessment, it is concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived asset exceeds its carrying value, a quantitative test is performed. Under the quantitative test, we compare the carrying value of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset to its fair value, which we estimate using a discounted cash flow analysis or by comparison to the market values of similar assets. If the carrying value exceeds its fair value, we record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the carrying value over the related fair value. The assumptions used in such valuations such as projected future cash flows, discount rates, growth rates, and determination of appropriate market comparables and recent transactions, are subject to volatility and may differ from actual results. Under a qualitative assessment, we assess various factors including industry and market conditions, macroeconomic conditions and performance of our businesses. 
 	We review other long-lived assets, including ROU assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or an asset group may not be recoverable. In evaluating long-lived assets for recoverability, we estimate the future cash flows at the individual asset or asset group level. Impairment losses are measured and recorded for the excess of an asset's carrying value over its fair value. To determine the fair value of long-lived assets, included ROU assets, we utilize the valuation technique or techniques deemed most appropriate based on the nature of the asset or asset group, which may include the use of quoted market prices, prices for similar assets or other valuation techniques such as discounted future cash flows or earnings. 
 53 

The determination of fair value is considered a critical accounting estimate because the valuation techniques mentioned use significant estimates and assumptions, including projected future cash flows, discount rates and growth rates. 
 Income Taxes 
 Under ASC 740, Income Taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences attributable to net operating losses, tax credits, and temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. Our income tax expense/benefit, deferred tax assets and tax receivable liability reflect management s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense/benefits, deferred tax assets and tax receivable agreement liability. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including projected future taxable income and results of recent operations. Estimating future taxable income is inherently uncertain, requires judgment and is consistent with estimates we are using to manage our business. If we determine in the future that we will not be able to fully utilize all or part of the deferred tax assets, we would record a valuation allowance through earnings in the period the determination was made. 
 We record the TRA liability at fair value based on estimates of discounted future cash flows associated with the estimated payments to the Post-Merger Repay Unit holders. These inputs are not observable in the market. Therefore, in estimating fair value, management uses a discount rate, also referred to as the early termination rate, to determine the present value based on a risk-free rate plus a spread pursuant to the TRA. A significant increase or decrease in the discount rate could result in a lower or higher balance, respectively, as of the measurement date. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATI VE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 While inflation may impact our revenues and cost of services, we believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our results of operations and financial condition have not been significant. However, there can be no assurance that our results of operations and financial condition will not be materially impacted by inflation in the future. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including U.S. fiscal and monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political considerations, as well as other factors beyond our control. Interest rate risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in the level of interest rates and the spread between different interest rates. We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates on debt, which bears interest at variable rates. Our debt has floating interest rates. We are exposed to changes in the level of interest rates and to changes in the relationship or spread between interest rates for its floating rate debt. Our floating rate debt requires payments based on variable interest rates such as the federal funds rate, prime rate, eurocurrency rate, and LIBOR. Therefore, increases in interest rates may reduce our net income or loss by increasing the cost of debt. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had convertible senior debt of 433.1 million, net of deferred issuance costs, and revolver borrowings of 18.2 million, net of deferred issuance costs, outstanding under the respective credit agreements. As of December 31, 2021, we had convertible senior debt of 429.3 million, net of deferred issuance costs, and revolving credit facility borrowings of 19.2 million, net of deferred issuance costs, outstanding. The borrowings accrue interest at either base rate, described above under Liquidity and Capital Resources Indebtedness , plus a margin of 1.50 to 2.50 or at an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a margin of 2.50 to 3.50 under the Amended Credit Agreement, in each case depending on the total net leverage ratio, as defined in the respective agreements governing the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 In October 2019, we entered into a 140.0 million notional interest rate swap agreement, and in February 2020, we entered into a 30.0 million notional interest rate swap agreement, then a revised notional amount of 65.0 million beginning on September 30, 2020. These interest rate swap agreements reduce a portion of our exposure to market interest rate risk on certain of our variable-rate debt as discussed in Item II, Part 8, Note 11, Derivatives. These interest rate swaps effectively converted 205.0 million of the outstanding term loan into to fixed rate payments for 57 months and 60 months, respectively. Both interest rate swaps were settled in January 2021. 
 We may incur additional borrowings from time to time for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. 
 54 

In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced its intention to phase out LIBOR rates by the end of 2021. The deadline has been mostly extended and most U.S. dollar-denominated LIBOR maturity tenors will continue to be published until June 30, 2023. It is not possible to predict the effect of any changes in the methods by which the LIBOR is determined, or any other reforms to LIBOR that may be enacted in the United Kingdom or elsewhere. Such developments may cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past, including sudden or prolonged increases or decreases in LIBOR, or cease to exist, resulting in the application of a successor base rate under the Amended Credit Agreement, which in turn could have unpredictable effects on our interest payment obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Invoices for our services are denominated in U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars. We do not expect our future operating results to be significantly affected by foreign currency transaction risk. 
 55 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT S AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 Index to the Financial Statements 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 248) 
 57 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 60 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 61 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 62 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 
 63 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 64 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 

56 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Repay Holdings Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Repay Holdings Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 
 As described further in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s revenue primarily consists of transaction-based fees from payment processing services that are made up of a significant volume of low-dollar transactions, sourced from multiple systems, platforms, and applications. The processing of such transactions and recording of revenue is system-driven and based on contractual terms with merchants, financial institutions, payment networks, and other parties. Because of the nature of the payment processing services, the Company relies on automated systems and third parties to process and record its revenue transactions. 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the complexity of revenue recognition is a critical audit matter is the increased extent of effort and involvement of professionals with specialized skills in information technology (IT) to identify, test, and evaluate the Company s systems and automated controls. 
 57 

Our audit procedures related to the revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 included the following, among others: 
 
 With the assistance of our IT professionals, we: 

o Identified the significant systems used to process revenue transactions and tested the general IT controls over each of these systems, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls. 

o Tested system interface controls and automated controls within the relevant revenue streams, as well as the controls designed to ensure the accuracy and completeness of revenue. 

We tested internal controls within the relevant revenue business processes, including those in place to reconcile the various reports extracted from the IT systems to the Company s general ledger. 

For a sample of revenue transactions, we tested selected transactions by agreeing the inputs to the calculation of revenue recognized to source documents, including merchant contracts and processor reports and testing the mathematical accuracy of the recorded revenue. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 58 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Repay Holdings Corporation 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Repay Holdings Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management s Report ). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 March 1, 2023 
 59 

REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Ba lance Sheets 

in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Restricted cash 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Other assets 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Related party payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Current tax receivable agreement 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Tax receivable agreement, net of current portion 

Other liabilities 

Total noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Stockholders' equity 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Class V common stock, par value; shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Treasury stock, and shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 () 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 () 

() 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 

() 

Total Repay stockholders' equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Operating Expenses 

Costs of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 
 () 

() 

Impairment loss 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Other (expense) income 

Interest expense 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

Change in fair value of tax receivable liability 

() 

() 

Other income (expense) 
 
 () 

() 

Other loss 
 
 () 

() 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 
 
 () 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to the Company 

() 

() 

Income (loss) per Class A share attributable to the Company: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax 

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges 

() 

Reclassification of net unrealized loss on cash flow hedges to other loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax 

() 

() 

Income tax related to items of other comprehensive income: 

Tax benefit on change in fair value of cash flow hedges 

Tax expense on reclassification of net unrealized loss on cash flow hedges to other loss 

() 

Tax benefit on foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total income tax benefit (expense) related to items of other comprehensive income 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the Company 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 

Repay Stockholders 

Class A Common Stock 

Class V Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Treasury 

Accumulated 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Non-controlling 

Total 

in thousands) 
 
 Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Stock 

Deficit 

Income (Loss) 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

Issuance of new shares 

() 

() 

Exchange of Post-Merger Repay Units 

() 

() 

Redemption of Post-Merger Repay Units 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Release of share awards vested under Incentive Plan 

Shares repurchased under Incentive Plan 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

() 

Warrant exercise 

() 

() 

Tax distribution from Hawk Parent 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance on Ceiling Rule DTA 

() 

() 

Reclassification to warrant liabilities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of new shares 

() 

Exchange of Post-Merger Repay Units 

() 

() 

() 

Release of share awards vested under Incentive Plan 

Shares repurchased under Incentive Plan 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Tax distribution from Hawk Parent 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance on Ceiling Rule DTA 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Exchange of Post-Merger Repay Units 

() 

Release of share awards vested under Incentive Plan and shares purchased under ESPP 

Shares repurchased under Incentive Plan and ESPP 

() 

() 

() 

Treasury shares repurchased 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Tax distribution from Hawk Parent 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance on Ceiling Rule DTA 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock based compensation 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Loss on sale of interest rate swaps 

Fair value change in warrant liability 

Fair value change in tax receivable agreement liability 

() 

Fair value change in contingent consideration 

() 

() 

Impairment loss 

Payments of contingent consideration in excess of acquisition date fair value 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Change in accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Change in related party receivable 

Change in prepaid expenses and other 

() 

() 

Change in operating lease ROU assets 

() 

Change in accounts payable 

Change in related party payable 

() 

() 

Change in accrued expenses and other 

Change in operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Change in other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of intangible assets 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of equity investment 

() 

Acquisition of APS, net of cash and restricted cash acquired 

() 

Acquisition of Ventanex, net of cash and restricted cash acquired 

() 

Acquisition of cPayPlus, net of cash and restricted cash acquired 

() 

Acquisition of CPS, net of cash and restricted cash acquired 

() 

Acquisition of BillingTree, net of cash and restricted cash acquired 

() 

Acquisition of Kontrol, net of cash and restricted cash acquired 

() 

Acquisition of Payix, net of cash and restricted cash acquired 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Payment on line of credit 

() 

Issuance of long-term debt 

Payments on long-term debt 

() 

() 

Public issuance of Class A Common Stock 

Shares repurchased under Incentive Plan and ESPP 

() 

() 

() 

Treasury shares repurchased 

() 

Exercise of warrants 

Redemption of Post-Merger Repay Units 

() 

Distributions to Members 

() 

() 

() 

Payment of loan costs 

() 

() 

Payments of contingent consideration up to acquisition date fair value 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

64 

REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NONCASH 

INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Acquisition of TriSource in exchange for contingent consideration 

Acquisition of APS in exchange for contingent consideration 

Acquisition of Ventanex in exchange for contingent consideration 

Acquisition of cPayPlus in exchange for contingent consideration 

Acquisition of CPS in exchange for contingent consideration 

Acquisition of BillingTree in exchange for Class A Common Stock 

Acquisition of Kontrol in exchange for contingent consideration 

Acquisition of Payix in exchange for contingent consideration 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

65 
 
 REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 in some cases only consider, a payments provider that has already integrated or is able to integrate its solutions with the business primary enterprise management system. The Company has successfully integrated its technology solutions with numerous, widely-used enterprise management systems in the verticals that it serves, which makes its platform a more compelling choice for the businesses that use them. Moreover, the Company s relationships with its partners help it to develop deep industry knowledge regarding trends in client needs. The Company s integrated model fosters long-term relationships with its clients, which supports its volume retention rates that the Company believes are above industry averages. As of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained approximately 240 integrations with various software providers. The Company has reportable segments: Consumer Payments and Business Payments. For additional information on segments, see Note 16. Segments to our consolidated financial statements. Consumer Payments The Consumer Payments segment provides payment processing solutions (including debit and credit card processing, ACH processing and other electronic payment acceptance solutions, as well as our loan disbursement product) that enable the Company s clients to collect payments and disburse funds to consumers and includes the Company s clearing and settlement solutions RCS and Blue Cow Software business BCS ). RCS is the Company s proprietary clearing and settlement platform through which the Company markets customizable payment processing programs to other ISOs and payment facilitators. BCS provides enterprise resource planning software solutions that are customized to propane and fuel oil dealers. BCS was sold for million in cash on February 15, 2023. The strategic vertical markets served by the Consumer Payments segment primarily include personal loans, automotive loans, receivables management, credit unions, mortgage servicing, consumer healthcare, diversified retail and energy related software services. The Consumer Payments segment represented approximately of the Company s total revenue after any intersegment eliminations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Business Payments The Business Payments segment provides payment processing solutions (including accounts payable automation, debit and credit card processing, virtual credit card processing, ACH processing and other electronic payment acceptance solutions) that enable the Company s clients to collect or send payments to other businesses. The strategic vertical markets served within the Business Payments segment primarily include retail automotive, education, field services, governments and municipalities, healthcare, HOA management and hospitality. The Business Payments segment represented approximately of the Company s total revenue after any intersegment eliminations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company continues to closely monitor developments related to COVID-19 pandemic and macroeconomic conditions. The ultimate impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic conditions on the Company s results remain uncertain. The scope, duration and magnitude of the direct and indirect effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to evolve and in ways that are difficult to fully anticipate. At this time, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the full impact of the pandemic on the Company, given the uncertainty over the duration and severity of the economic crisis. 

reportable segments: (1) Consumer Payments and (2) Business Payments, as further discussed in Note 16. Segments. Accordingly, segment information for the comparable prior year periods has been revised. There are no significant concentrations by state or geographical location, nor are there any significant individual client concentrations by balance. 

single client represents greater than of the business on a volume or profit basis. 
 
 years 

Computers 
 
 years 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 years 

The Company evaluates the recoverability of property and equipment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of property and equipment may not be recoverable. The evaluation of asset impairment requires the Company to make assumptions about future cash flows over the life of the asset being evaluated. These assumptions require significant judgment, and actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. If the carrying amount of property and equipment is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. No impairments were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 estimated useful life, a estimated useful life for channel and client relationships, and an estimated useful life for non-compete agreements equal to the term of the agreement. Trade names are determined to have an indefinite useful life. The Company evaluates the recoverability of intangible assets at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an intangible asset s carrying amount may not be recoverable. The evaluation of asset impairment requires the Company to make assumptions about future cash flows over the life of the asset being evaluated. These assumptions require significant judgment, and actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company recognized impairments of million related to write-offs of certain trade names, as the Company strategically phased out the trade names of several acquired business, which included BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized impairments of million related to write-offs of certain trade names, as the Company strategically phased out the trade names of several acquired business, which included TriSource, APS, Ventanex, cPayPlus and CPS. impairments were recognized for the year ended December 31, 2020 . 
 quantitative impairment test. If the Company elects to bypass the qualitative analysis, or concludes from the Company s qualitative analysis that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is performed by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the fair value is greater than the carrying amount, then the reporting unit s goodwill is deemed not to be impaired. If the fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which a reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, without exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The Company determined that impairment of goodwill existed as of the last testing date, December 31, 2022. Future impairment reviews may require write downs in the Company s goodwill and could have a material adverse impact on the Company s operating results for the periods in which such write downs occur. 
 Indirect relationships As a result of its past acquisitions, the Company has legacy relationships with Independent Sales Organizations (each an ISO ), whereby the Company acts as the merchant acquirer for the ISO. The ISO maintains a direct relationship with the sponsor bank and the transaction processor, rather than the Company. Consequently, the Company recognizes revenue for these relationships net of the residual amount remitted to the ISO, based on the fact that the ISO is primarily responsible for providing the transaction processing services to the merchant. The Company is not focused on this sales model, and this relationship will represent an increasingly smaller portion of the business over time. Software Revenue As a result of the acquisition of BillingTree, the Company has acquired a software revenue stream. Software revenue is presented within Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Software revenue consists of term license fees related to software products, and software maintenance and support PCS ). Clients typically enter into software contracts for contractual terms of three to twelve months. The term license and PCS are each distinct performance obligations. The total consideration in the contract is allocated based on management s assessment of the relative standalone selling price for each performance obligation. The Company determines the standalone selling price based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the standalone selling price is not observable through past transactions, the Company estimates the standalone selling price by making use of all reasonably available data such as market conditions, type of deliverable, information about the client, current and historical pricing practices and entity-specific factors such as labor hours and standard rates per labor hour. Revenue is recognized when the related performance obligations are satisfied. Revenue from the term license is recognized at a point in time, upon delivery to the client. Revenue from PCS is recognized over the term of the contract. When the Company receives an up-front deposit, the revenue is deferred until such a time that the term license or PCS is provided to the client. Deferred revenue is expected to be recognized as revenue within one year and is classified within Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Contract Costs The incremental costs of obtaining a contract are recognized as an asset if the cost is incremental to obtaining a contract, and whether the costs are recoverable from the client. If both criteria are not met, costs are expensed as incurred. If the amortization period of the capitalized commission cost asset is less than one year, the Company may elect a practical expedient per ASC 340-40-25-4 to expense commissions as incurred. The amortization period is consistent with the concept of useful life under other accounting guidance, which is defined as the period over which an asset is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows. The Company currently incurs costs to obtain a contract through payments made to external referral partners. Commission payments are made to the external referral partner on a monthly basis based on a percentage of the profit on the contract, for as long as the client and the external referral partner have agreements with the Company. Any capitalized commission cost assets have an amortization period of one year or less, therefore the Company utilizes the practical expedient to expense commissions as incurred. Costs to fulfill contracts with clients either give rise to an asset or are expensed as incurred. If the cost is not already covered by other applicable accounting literature, fulfillment costs are capitalized to the extent they directly relate to a specific contract, are used to generate or enhance resources used in satisfying performance obligations and are expected to be recovered. The Company does not have any costs incurred to fulfill a contract. Practical Expedients The Company has utilized the portfolio approach practical expedient per ASC 606-10-10-4, which allows the application of ASC 606 to a portfolio of contracts with similar characteristics provided the accounting does not differ materially to application of ASC 606 to the individual contract. The Company has also utilized the practical expedient for immaterial goods and services per ASC 606-10-25-16A, which permits the Company not to recognize a promised good or service as a performance obligation if it is considered an immaterial promise in the context of the contract. 
 million, million and million transaction costs, respectively. 
 shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the Incentive Plan. The Company accounts for stock-based compensation for employees and directors in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation ASC 718 ). ASC 718 requires all share-based payments to employees to be recognized in the statement of operations based on their fair values. Under the provisions of ASC 718, stock-based compensation costs are measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and are recognized as expense over the employee s requisite or derived service period. PSUs, RSAs and RSUs granted under the Incentive Plan are measured based on the fair value of the awards on the date of the grant. Compensation expense is recognized for those awards over the requisite service period within Selling, general, and administrative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. 

assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to calculate the present value of lease payments. Lease terms consider options to extend or terminate based on the determination of whether such renewal or termination options are deemed reasonably certain. Lease agreements that contain non-lease components are generally accounted for as a single lease component. Operating lease costs are recorded in Selling, general and administrative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations based on the underlying asset. Variable costs, such as maintenance expenses, property and sales taxes, association dues and index-based rate increases, are expensed as they are incurred. Variable lease payments associated with the Company s leases are recognized when the event, activity, or circumstance in the lease agreement on which those payments are assessed occurs. Variable lease payments are presented as operating expenses in Selling, general and administrative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has elected not to recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases of all applicable class of underlying assets that have a lease term of twelve months or less. The Company recognizes the lease payments associated with its short-term leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments associated with these leases are recognized and presented in the same manner as for all other Company leases. ROU assets for operating leases are periodically reduced by impairment losses. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has not encountered any impairment losses. The Company monitors for events or changes in circumstances that require a reassessment of a lease. When a reassessment results in the remeasurement of a lease liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding ROU asset unless doing so would reduce the carrying amount of the ROU asset to an amount less than zero. In that case, the amount of the adjustment that would result in a negative ROU asset balance is recorded in gain or loss in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 , , and in Hawk Parent, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the noncontrolling interest in the net loss of subsidiaries was million , million, and million, respectively. 

() 

Indirect relationships 

Total Revenue 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

in thousands) 
 
 Consumer Payments 

Business Payments 

Elimination of intersegment revenues 

Total 

Revenue 

Direct relationships 

() 

Indirect relationships 

Total Revenue 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

in thousands) 
 
 Consumer Payments 

Business Payments 

Elimination of intersegment revenues 

Total 

Revenue 

Direct relationships 

() 

Indirect relationships 

Total Revenue 

() 

() 

() 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to the Company 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding - basic 

Add weighted average effect of dilutive common stock equivalent shares: 

Post-Merger Repay Units exchangeable for Class A common stock 

Unvested restricted share awards of Class A common stock 

Outstanding ESPP purchase rights for Class A common stock 

2026 Notes convertible into Class A common stock 

Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding - diluted 

Income (loss) per share of Class A common stock outstanding - basic 

() 

() 

Income (loss) per share of Class A common stock outstanding - diluted 

() 

() 

Unvested restricted share awards of Class A common stock 

2026 Notes convertible for Class A common stock 

Share equivalents excluded from earnings (loss) per share 

Shares of the Company s Class V common stock do not participate in the earnings or losses of the Company and, therefore, are not participating securities. As such, separate presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share of Class V common stock under the two-class method has not been presented. 

 million. The Ventanex acquisition was financed with a combination of cash on hand and committed borrowing capacity under the Company s existing credit facility. The Ventanex Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by Repay and the former owners of Ventanex, as well as a customary post-closing adjustment provision relating to working capital and similar items. 

Contingent consideration (1) 

Total purchase price 

(1) million dependent upon the Gross Profit, as defined in the Ventanex Purchase Agreement, for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. In February 2021 and April 2022, the Company paid the Ventanex Earnout Payment of million and million, respectively. 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Restricted cash 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

Trade names 

Developed technology 

Merchant relationships 

Goodwill recognized of million represents the excess of the gross consideration transferred over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired, of which million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated and to the Company s Consumer Payments segment and Business Payments segment, respectively, based on the relative fair value of the Company s reporting units as of December 31, 2022. Qualitative factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include certain intangible assets that are not recognized as separate identifiable intangible assets apart from goodwill. Intangible assets not recognized apart from goodwill consist primarily of the strong market position and the assembled workforce of Ventanex. cPayPlus On July 23, 2020, the Company acquired all of the ownership interests of cPayPlus. Under the terms of the securities purchase agreement between Repay Holdings, LLC and the direct and indirect owners of cPayPlus cPayPlus Purchase Agreement ), the aggregate consideration paid at closing by the Company was approximately million in cash. In addition to the closing consideration, the cPayPlus Purchase Agreement contains a performance-based earnout (the cPayPlus Earnout Payment ), which was based on future results of the acquired business and could result in an additional payment to the former owners of cPayPlus of up to million. The cPayPlus acquisition was financed with cash on hand. The cPayPlus Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by Repay and the former owners of cPayPlus, as well as a customary post-closing adjustment provision relating to working capital and similar items. 

Contingent consideration (1) 

Total purchase price 

(1) million dependent upon the Gross Profit, as defined in the cPayPlus Purchase Agreement, in the third quarter of 2021. In September, 2021, the Company paid the cPayPlus Earnout Payment of million. 

in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

Trade names 

Developed technology 

Merchant relationships 

Goodwill recognized of million represents the excess of the gross consideration transferred over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired, of which million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to the Company s Business Payments segment. Qualitative factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include certain intangible assets that are not recognized as separate identifiable intangible assets apart from goodwill. Intangible assets not recognized apart from goodwill consist primarily of the strong market position and the assembled workforce of cPayPlus. CPS On November 2, 2020, the Company acquired all of the ownership interests of CPS. Under the terms of the securities purchase agreement between Repay Holdings, LLC and the direct and indirect owners of CPS. CPS Purchase Agreement ), the aggregate consideration paid at closing by the Company was approximately million in cash. In addition to the closing consideration, the CPS Purchase Agreement contains a performance-based earnout (the CPS Earnout Payment ), which was based on future results of the acquired business and could result in an additional payment to the former owners of CPS of up to million in separate earnouts. The CPS acquisition was financed with cash on hand. The CPS Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by Repay and the former owners of CPS, as well as a customary post-closing adjustment provision relating to working capital and similar items. 

Contingent consideration (1) 

Total purchase price 

(1) million in separate earnouts, dependent upon the Gross Profit, as defined in the CPS Purchase Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the CPS earnout was million, which resulted in a million adjustment included in the change in fair value of contingent consideration in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Restricted cash 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

Trade names 

Developed technology 

Merchant relationships 

7.2 

Goodwill recognized of million represents the excess of the gross consideration transferred over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired, of which million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to the Company s Business Payments segment. Qualitative factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include certain intangible assets that are not recognized as separate identifiable intangible assets apart from goodwill. Intangible assets not recognized apart from goodwill consist primarily of the strong market position and the assembled workforce of CPS. BillingTree On June 15, 2021, the Company acquired BillingTree. Under the terms of the agreement and plan of merger between BT Intermediate, LLC, the Company, two newly formed subsidiaries of the Company and the owner of BT Intermediate, LLC BillingTree Merger Agreement ), the aggregate consideration paid at closing by the Company was approximately million, consisting of approximately million in cash and approximately million shares of Class A common stock. The BillingTree Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by Repay and the former owner of BillingTree, as well as a customary post-closing adjustment provision relating to working capital and similar items. 

Class A common stock issued 

Total purchase price 

in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

Deferred tax liability 

() 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

Trade names 

Developed technology 

Merchant relationships 

Goodwill recognized of million represents the excess of the gross consideration transferred over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired, of which million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to the Company s Consumer Payments segment. Qualitative factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include certain intangible assets that are not recognized as separate identifiable intangible assets apart from goodwill. Intangible assets not recognized apart from goodwill consist primarily of the strong market position and the assembled workforce of BillingTree. Kontrol On June 22, 2021, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of Kontrol LLC Kontrol ). Under the terms of the asset purchase agreement between a newly formed subsidiary of Repay Holdings, LLC and the owner of Kontrol Kontrol Purchase Agreement ), the aggregate consideration to be paid by the Company was up to million, of which million was paid at closing. The Kontrol Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by Repay and the former owner of Kontrol, as well as a customary post-closing adjustment provision relating to working capital and similar items. 

Contingent consideration (1) 

Total purchase price 

(1) million, dependent upon the Gross Profit, as defined in the Kontr ol Purchase Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 , the fair value of the Kontrol earnout was , which resulted in a million a djustment included in the change in fair value of contingent consideration in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

() 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

Merchant relationships 

Goodwill of million represents the excess of the gross consideration transferred over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired, of which million on a gross basis is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to the Company s Business Payments segment. Qualitative factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include certain intangible assets that are not recognized as separate identifiable intangible assets apart from goodwill. Intangible assets not recognized apart from goodwill consist primarily of the strong market position and the assembled workforce of Kontrol. Payix On December 29, 2021, the Company acquired Payix. Under the terms of the merger agreement with Payix. Payix Purchase Agreement ), the aggregate consideration paid at closing by the Company was approximately million in cash. In addition to the closing consideration, the Payix Purchase Agreement contains a performance-based earnout (the Payix Earnout Payment ), which was based on future results of the acquired business and could result in an additional payment to the former owners of Payix of up to million. The Payix acquisition was financed with cash on hand and available revolver capacity. The Payix Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by Repay and the former owners of Payix, as well as a customary post-closing adjustment provision relating to working capital and similar items. 

Contingent consideration (1) 

Total purchase price 

(1) million, dependent upon the Gross Profit, as defined in the Payix Purchase Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 , the fair value of the Payix earnout was , which resulted in a million ad justment included in the change in fair value of contingent consideration in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

Deferred tax liability 

() 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

Developed technology 

Merchant relationships 

Goodwill recognized of million represents the excess of the gross consideration transferred over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired, ne of which is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to the Company s Consumer Payments segment. Qualitative factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include certain intangible assets that are not recognized as separate identifiable intangible assets apart from goodwill. Intangible assets not recognized apart from goodwill consist primarily of the strong market position and the assembled workforce of Payix. Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited) 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to the Company 

() 

() 

Loss per Class A share - basic 

() 

() 

Loss per Class A share - diluted 

() 

() 

82 
 
 REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration 

Borrowings 

Tax receivable agreement 

Total liabilities 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration 

Borrowings 

Tax receivable agreement 

Total liabilities 

Other Assets 	Other assets contain a minority equity investment in a privately-held company. The Company elected a measurement alternative for measuring this investment, in which the carrying amount is adjusted based on any observable price changes in orderly transactions. The investment is classified as Level 2 as observable adjustments to value are infrequent and occur in an inactive market. Contingent Consideration Contingent consideration relates to potential payments that the Company may be required to make associated with acquisitions. The contingent consideration is recorded at fair value based on actuals or estimates of discounted future cash flows associated with the acquired businesses. To the extent that the valuation of these liabilities is based on inputs that are less observable or not observable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the fair value of contingent consideration is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, under ASC 820. The change in fair value is re-measured at each reporting period with the change in fair value being recognized in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). As of December 31, 2022, the present value of contingent consideration reflects the actual anticipated payments. As of December 31, 2021, the Company used a discount rate to determine the present value, based on a risk-free rate adjusted for a credit spread, of the contingent consideration in the simulation approach. 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Balance at beginning of period 

Measurement period adjustment 

Purchases 

Payments 

() 

() 

Valuation adjustment 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Borrowings The revolving credit facility, 2026 Notes and term loan are measured at amortized cost, which the carrying value is unpaid principal net of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs. The estimated fair value of the 2026 Notes is determined using the quoted prices from over-the-counter markets. The estimated fair value of the Company s borrowings is classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, as the market interest rates and quoted prices are generally observable and do not contain a high level of subjectivity. 

2026 Notes 

Total 

Tax Receivable Agreement 	 Upon the completion of the Business Combination, the Company entered into the TRA with holders of Post-Merger Repay Units. As a result of the TRA, the Company established a liability in its consolidated financial statements. The TRA is recorded at fair value based on estimates of discounted future cash flows associated with the estimated payments to the Post-Merger Repay Unit holders. These inputs are not observable in the market; thus, the TRA is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, under ASC 820. The change in fair value is re-measured at each reporting period with the change in fair value being recognized in accordance with ASC 805. The Company used a discount rate, also referred to as the early termination rate, to determine the present value, based on a risk-free rate plus a spread , pursuant to the TRA. A rate of w as applied to the forecasted TRA payments as of December 31, 2022 , in order to determine the fair value. A significant increase or decrease in the discount rate could have resulted in a lower or higher balance, respectively, as of the measurement date. The TRA balance was adjusted by million t hrough accretion expense and a valuation adjustment, related to an increase in the discount rate, which was as of December 31, 2021. 

Purchases 

Accretion expense 

Valuation adjustment 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Computers 

Leasehold improvements 

Total 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation expense for property and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

 trade names, arising from the acquisitions of Hawk Parent and MPI. As of December 31, 2021 , the indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trade names, arising from the acquisitions of Hawk Parent, MPI, BillingTree, Kontrol and Payix. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company recorded an impairment loss of million related to the write-offs of certain trade names, of which million and million of the impairment loss related to the Consumer Payments and Business Payments segments, respectively. The impairment loss was recognized within Impairment loss in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company recorded an impairment loss of million related to the write-offs of certain trade names, of which million and million of the impairment loss related to the Consumer Payments and Business Payments segments, respectively. The impairment loss was recognized within Impairment loss in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Channel relationships 

Software costs 

Non-compete agreements 

Trade name 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Client relationships 

Channel relationships 

Software costs 

Non-compete agreements 

Trade name 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

The Company s amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

impairment existed as of December 31, 2022. 

Acquisitions 

Measurement period adjustment 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Measurement period adjustment 

Reallocation 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company recognized a million measurement period adjustment in accordance with the BillingTree acquisition, primarily related to a million increase in deferred tax liability as a result of the finalization of the tax basis balance sheet. An increase in accounts receivable of million was also recognized related to updated collection information on the acquired receivables. The goodwill reallocation of million between the Consumer Payments and Business Payments segments resulted from the relative fair value allocation of the new reporting units structure as of December 31, 2022 . 

 million at a variable interest rate. On February 10, 2020, as part of the financing for the acquisition of Ventanex, Repay entered into an agreement with Truist Bank and other members of its existing bank group to amend and upsize its previous credit agreement from million to million. The Successor Credit Agreement was collateralized by substantially all of the Company s assets, and included qualitative and quantitative covenants, as defined in the Successor Credit Agreement. The Successor Credit Agreement provided for a Term Loan of million, a Delayed Draw Term Loan of million, and a Revolving Credit Facility of million. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had million drawn against the Delayed Draw Term Loan and had million drawn against the Revolving Credit Facility. On January 20, 2021, the Company used a portion of the proceeds from the 2026 Notes to prepay in full the entire amount of the outstanding Term Loans under the Successor Credit Agreement. The Company also terminated in full all outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loan commitments under such credit facilities. The Company s interest expense on the Term Loan totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2020 . The Company s interest expense on the line of credit totaled and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amended Credit Agreement On February 3, 2021, the Company announced the closing of a new undrawn million senior secured revolving credit facility through Truist Bank. The Amended Credit Agreement replaces the Company s Successor Credit Agreement, which included an undrawn million Revolving Credit Facility. On December 29, 2021, the Company increased its existing senior secured credit facilities by million to a million revolving credit facility pursuant to an amendment to the Amended Credit Agreement. The Company was in compliance with its restrictive covenants under the Amended Credit Agreement at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had million drawn against the revolving credit facility at a variable interest rate of plus due 2026. The Company paid million a nd million in fees related to unused commitments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s interest expense on the revolving credit facility total ed million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Convertible Senior Debt On January 19, 2021, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 in a private placement. The initial conversion rate of the 2026 Notes was shares of Class A common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2026 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of Class A common stock). Upon conversion of the 2026 Notes, the Company may choose to pay or deliver cash, shares of the Company s Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The 2026 Notes will mature on , unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed. Subject to Nasdaq requirements, the Company controls the conversion rights prior to November 3, 2025, unless a fundamental change or an event of default occurs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the conversion contingencies of the 2026 Notes were not met, and the conversion terms of the 2026 Notes were not significantly changed. 

Convertible Senior Debt 

Total borrowings 

Less: Long-term loan debt issuance cost (2) 

Total non-current borrowings 

(1) and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. 

 (2) million, million and million of interest expense for the amortization of deferred debt issuance costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

2027 

million notional, interest rate swap agreement to hedge changes in cash flows attributable to interest rate risk on million of its variable-rate term loan. This agreement involves the receipt of variable-rate amounts in exchange for fixed interest rate payments over the life of the agreement without an exchange of the underlying notional amount. This interest rate swap was designated for accounting purposes as a cash flow hedge. As such, changes in the interest rate swap s fair value are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are subsequently reclassified into interest expense in each period that a hedged interest payment is made on the Company s variable-rate term loan. Pre-tax gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense was million for the year ended December 31, 2020. On February 21, 2020, the Company entered into a swap transaction with Regions Bank. On a quarterly basis, commencing on up to and including the termination date of February 10, 2025, the Company will make fixed payments on a beginning notional amount of million, then a revised notional amount of million beginning on September 30, 2020. On a quarterly basis, commencing on February 21, 2020 up to and including the termination date of February 10, 2025, the counterparty will make floating rate payments based on the 3-month LIBOR on the beginning notional amount of million, then a revised notional amount of million beginning on September 30, 2020. Both interest rate swaps were settled in January 2021, with million, net of taxes of million reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into Other loss in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 and , with the longest lease term having an expiration date in . for or less , and . At lease commencement, the Company assesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise a renewal option, or reasonably certain not to exercise a termination option, by considering various economic factors. Options that are reasonably certain of being exercised are factored into the determination of the lease term, and related payments are included in the calculation of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. 

Short-term lease costs 

Variable lease costs 

Total lease costs 

Lease liability, current 

Lease liability, long-term 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate (annualized) 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

89 
 
 REPAY HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

CPS accrued earnout liability 

Kontrol accrued earnout liability 

Payix accrued earnout liability 

Other payables to related parties 

The Company incurred transaction costs on behalf of related parties of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These costs consist of retention bonuses and other compensation to employees, associated with the costs resulting from the integration of new businesses. The Company held receivables from related parties of million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. These amounts were due from employees, related to tax withholding on vesting of equity compensation. See Note 14. Share Based Compensation for more detail on these restricted share awards. Further, the Company owed employees million for amounts paid on behalf of the Company as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company owed million and million to related parties, in the form of contingent consideration payable to the sellers of Ventanex, CPS, Kontrol and Payix, who were employees of Repay, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

 shares of common stock for issuance thereunder. The Incentive Plan became effective immediately upon the closing of the Business Combination. On June 8, 2022, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment and restatement of the Incentive Plan, which, among other modifications, increased the number of shares available for awards by , so that the total reserved shares for issuance under the Incentive Plan is . Under this plan, the Company currently has three types of share-based compensation awards outstanding: PSUs, RSAs and RSUs. RSAs and RSUs The grant date fair value of RSAs and RSUs, which is based on the quoted market value of the Company s Class A common stock on the grant date, is recognized as share-based compensation expense on a graded vesting basis over the requisite service period. Most RSAs vest in equal annual installments over the requisite service period (which is typically a four-year period). In limited cases, RSAs may vest on the grant date with a one-year holding period. RSUs vest at the first anniversary of the grant date. Restricted shares cannot be sold or transferred until they have vested. 

Granted 

Forfeited (1)(2) 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Activity for RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Class A Common Stock 

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

(1) 

 (2) 

 PSU The grant date fair value of a PSU, which is based on quoted market value of the Company s Class A common stock on the grant date and the number of shares expected to be earned according to the level of achievement of performance measures, is recognized on a graded vesting basis over the applicable performance or service period. The performance or service period for awards granted is three years. Activity for PSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Class A Common Stock (1) 

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

(1) 

Income tax benefit 

Unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested PSUs, RSAs and RSUs was million as of December 31, 2022 , which is expected to be recognized as expense over the weighted-average period of years. 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Domestic 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

State 

Foreign 

Total current expense 

Deferred expense 

Federal 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

Total deferred expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Excess tax benefit related to share-based compensation 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Foreign rate differential 

R D credit - Federal 

Provision to return - Federal 

State rate change impact on deferred taxes 

Other, net 

Effective tax rate 

The Company s effective tax rate was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The comparison of the Company s effective tax rate to the U.S. statutory tax rate of was primarily influenced by the fact that the Company is not liable for the income taxes on the portion of Hawk Parent s earnings that are attributable to noncontrolling interests. Further, the comparison is reflective of the effect of remeasuring net deferred tax assets for state tax rate changes. 

in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Deferred tax assets 

Tax Credits 

Section 163(j) Limitation Carryover 

Acquisition Costs 

Federal Net Operating Losses 

State Net Operating Losses 

Foreign Net Operating Losses 

Other Assets 

Partnership basis tax differences 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other intangibles - Payix 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

As a result of the finalization of 2021 income tax returns and Post-Merger Repay Unit exchanges during the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company recognized a reduction of the deferred tax asset DTA and offsetting deferred tax liability DTL in the amount of million, compared to a reduction of million as a result of equity offerings by the Company, BillingTree acquisition and Post-Merger Repay unit exchanges during the year ended December 31, 2021, to account for the portion of the Company s outside basis in the partnership interest that it will not recover through tax deductions, a ceiling rule limitation arising under Internal Revenue Code (the Code sec. 704(c). As the ceiling rule causes taxable income allocations to be in excess of 704(b) book allocations the DTL will unwind, leaving only the DTA, which may only be recovered through the sale of the partnership interest in Hawk Parent. The Company has concluded, based on the weight of all positive and negative evidence, that all of the DTA associated with the ceiling rule limitation is not likely to be realized as of December 31, 2022 . As such, a valuation allowance was recognized. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had net tax effected federal and state (net of federal benefit) net operating losses NOLs of million, of which approximately million have an indefinite life. NOLs of approximately million and million will begin to expire in and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had federal and state tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which will begin to expire in and . The Company believes as of December 31, 2022 , based on the weight of all positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the NOLs and tax credits and, as such, valuation allowance was recorded. uncertain tax positions existed as of December 31, 2022. Tax Receivable Agreement Liability Pursuant to our election under Section 754 of the Code, we expect to obtain an increase in our share of the tax basis in the net assets of Hawk Parent when Post-Merger Repay Units are redeemed or exchanged for Class A common stock of Repay Holdings Corporation. The Company intends to treat any redemptions and exchanges of Post-Merger Repay Units as direct purchases for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These increases in tax basis may reduce the amounts that the Company would otherwise pay in the future to various tax authorities. They may also decrease gains (or increase losses) on future dispositions of certain capital assets to the extent tax basis is allocated to those capital assets. On July 11, 2019, the Company entered into a TRA that provides for the payment by the Company of of the amount of any tax benefits realized, or in some cases are deemed to realize, as a result of (i) increases in our share of the tax basis in the net assets of Hawk Parent resulting from any redemptions or exchanges of Post-Merger Repay Units and from our acquisition of the equity of the selling Hawk Parent members, (ii) tax basis increases attributable to payments made under the TRA, and (iii) deductions attributable to imputed interest pursuant to the TRA (the TRA Payments ). The TRA Payments are not conditioned upon any continued ownership interest in Hawk Parent or Repay. The rights of each party under the TRA other than the Company are assignable. The timing and amount of aggregate payments due under the TRA may vary based on a number of factors, including the timing and amount of taxable income generated by the Company each year, as well as the tax rate then applicable, among other factors. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a liability of million related to its projected obligations under the TRA, which is captioned as the tax receivable agreement liability in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The decrease of million in the TRA liability for the year ended December 31, 2022 , was primarily a result of the change in the Early Termination Rate. 

 operating segments based on review of discrete financial results for each of the operating segments by the Company s chief operating decision maker CODM ), for performance assessment and resource allocation purposes. Each of the Company s operating segments represents a reportable segment based on ASC 280, Segment Reporting . The Company s reportable segments are as follows: (1) Consumer Payments and (2) Business Payments. Prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

Business Payments 

Elimination of intersegment revenues (1) 

() 

() 

() 

Total revenue 

Gross profit (2) 

Consumer Payments 

Business Payments 

Elimination of intersegment revenues 

() 

() 

() 

Total gross profit 

Total other operating expenses (3) 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

Revenue and costs of services are attributed directly to each segment. There is no significant concentration of revenue or assets in foreign countries as of December 31, 2022. The CODM reporting package does not include discrete asset details of the operating segments as this information is not considered by the CODM for resource allocation or other segment analysis purposes. 

 million. On February 28, 2023, the Company repaid in full the entire amount of million of the outstanding revolving credit facility. The undrawn capacity of the existing revolving credit facility under the Amended Credit Agreement became million after the repayment. 

 94 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial and accounting officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial and accounting officers, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in its 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting which is included with the Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, as part of our ongoing integration activities following the acquisition of BillingTree, we applied our controls and procedures to the acquired operations of BillingTree and augmented our Company-wide controls to address the risks inherent in a business combination of this magnitude. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 95 

PART III 
 Information called for by Part III (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been omitted as we intend to file with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, an amendment to this Form 10-K or a definitive Proxy Statement pursuant to Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act relating to the Company s annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023 (as applicable, the Part III Filing ). Such information will be set forth in such Part III Filing and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFF ICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required to be included by Item 10 of Form 10-K will be included in our Part III Filing and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 We have a code of ethics that applies to each of our directors and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and principal accounting officer. Our code of ethics is available on our website at www.repay.com under the Investor Relations section titled Corporate Governance. We intend to disclose any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or principal accounting officer by posting such information on the Investors section of our website. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIV E COMPENSATION. 
 The information required to be included by Item 11 of the Form 10-K will be included in our Part III Filing and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWN ERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information required to be included by Item 12 of Form 10-K will be included in our Part III Filing and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required to be included by Item 13 of Form 10-K will be included in our Part III Filing and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUN TING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required to be included by Item 14 of Form 10-K will be included in our Part III Filing and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 96 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANC IAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (1) 	 Financial Statements 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements of Repay Holdings Corporation and the Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 248) 
 57 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 60 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 61 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 62 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 63 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 64 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instruction or is not applicable or because the information required is already included in the financial statements or the notes to those financial statements. 
 (3)	 Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 21, 2019, by and among Thunder Bridge, Merger Sub, Hawk Parent, and the Repay Securityholder Representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Thunder Bridge s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on January 22, 2019). 

2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 11, 2019, by and among Thunder Bridge, Merger Sub, Hawk Parent, and the Repay Securityholder Representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Thunder Bridge s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on February 12, 2019). 

2.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 9, 2019, by and among Thunder Bridge, Merger Sub, Hawk Parent, and the Repay Securityholder Representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Thunder Bridge s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2019). 

2.4 
 
 Third Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 19, 2019, by and among Thunder Bridge, Merger Sub, Hawk Parent, and the Repay Securityholder Representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Thunder Bridge s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on June 20, 2019). 

2.5 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated October 26, 2020, by and among Repay Holdings, LLC and CPS Holdings, LLC, CPS Media, LLC, DB AS Enterprises, Inc., and James F. Hughes, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on October 27, 2020). 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Corporate Domestication of Repay Holdings Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on July 17, 2019). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on July 17, 2019). 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38351), filed with the SEC on June 9, 2022). 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (001-38531), filed with the SEC on February 24, 2023). 

97 

4.1 
 
 Indenture, dated as of January 19, 2021 between Repay Holdings Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on January 19, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form S-3ASR (Filed No. 333-266158), filed with the SEC on July 15, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated July 11, 2019, by and among the Company, Repay and the other holders of Class A units of Repay (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on July 17, 2019). 

10.2 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated July 11, 2019, by and among the Company and the other Repay Unitholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on July 17, 2019). 

10.3 
 
 Founder Stockholders Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2019, between the Company, John A. Morris, Shaler V. Alias, The JAM Family Charitable Trust dated March 1, 2018, JOSEH Holdings, LLC and Alias Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on July 17, 2019). 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 11, 2019, by and among the Company, Repay, and the Repay Unitholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on July 17, 2019). 

10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 18, 2018, by and between the Company, the Sponsor and the holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Thunder Bridge s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on June 22, 2018). 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 11, 2019, by and among Thunder Bridge Acquisition Ltd. and Thunder Bridge Acquisition LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on July 17, 2019). 

10.7 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 7, 2021, by and among Repay Holdings Corporation and BillingTree Parent, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-385311), filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated February 3, 2021, by and among Repay Holdings Corporation, Hawk Parent Holdings LLC, Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on February 5, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Limited Consent, Waiver and First Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, by and among Repay Holdings Corporation, Hawk Parent Holdings LLC, Truist Bank, as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 

10.10 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and among Repay Holdings Corporation, Hawk Parent Holdings LLC, Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 

10.11 
 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and among Repay Holdings Corporation, Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023). 

10.12+ 
 
 Repay Holdings Corporation Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective as of July 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on July 17, 2019). 

10.13+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Repay Holdings Corporation Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective as of September 20, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form S-8 (Registration No. 233879), filed with the SEC on September 20, 2019). 

10.14+ 
 
 Repay Holdings Corporation Omnibus Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated Effective as of April 14, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s proxy statement (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022). 

10.15+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 21, 2019, between M A Ventures, LLC and John Morris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Company s Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-229616), filed with the SEC on February 12, 2019). 

10.16+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, between Repay Management Services LLC (as assignee of M A Ventures, LLC) and John Morris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on April 23, 2021). 

98 

10.17+ 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2022, between Repay Management Services LLC (as assignee of M A Ventures, LLC) and John Morris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022). 

10.18+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 21, 2019, between M A Ventures, LLC and Shaler Alias (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Company s Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-229616), filed with the SEC on February 12, 2019). 

10.19+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, between Repay Management Services LLC (as assignee of M A Ventures, LLC) and Shaler Alias (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on April 23, 2021). 

10.20+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 21, 2019, between M A Ventures, LLC and Timothy J. Murphy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Company s Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-229616), filed with the SEC on February 12, 2019). 

10.21+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, between Repay Management Services LLC (as assignee of M A Ventures, LLC) and Timothy J. Murphy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on April 23, 2021). 

10.22+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2019, between Repay Management Services LLC and Tyler B. Dempsey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on April 23, 2021). 

10.23+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, between Repay Management Services LLC and Tyler B. Dempsey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on April 23, 2021). 

10.24+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 21, 2019, between M A Ventures, LLC and Michael F. Jackson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Company s Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-229616), filed with the SEC on February 12, 2019). 

10.25+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, between Repay Management Services LLC (as assignee of M A Ventures, LLC) and Michael F. Jackson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on April 23, 2021). 

10.26+ 
 
 Transitional Consulting Agreement, dated November 28, 2022, between Repay Management Services LLC and Michael F. Jackson. 

10.27+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 1, 2020, between Repay Management Services and Jacob H. Moore (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 10-Q (Registration No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022). 

10.28+ 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, between Repay Management Services and Jacob H. Moore (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 10-Q (Registration No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022). 

10.29+ 
 
 Repay Holdings Corporation Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Time Vested) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on July 17, 2019). 

10.30+ 
 
 Repay Holdings Corporation Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and the Grantee named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38531), filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 

10.31+ 
 
 Repay Holdings Corporation Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation, as of April 1, 2022. 

10.32+ 
 
 Repay Holdings Corporation Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement between the Company and the Grantee named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531) filed with the SEC on March 17, 2020). 

10.33+ 
 
 Repay Holdings Corporation Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement between the Company and the Grantee named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-38531) filed with the SEC on March 17, 2020). 

10.34+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the Indemnitee named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Company s Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-38531) filed with the SEC on April 17, 2020). 

10.35+ 
 
 Repay Holdings Corporation Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 011-38531) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 Interactive Data File 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section and shall not be part of any registration or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Included in Exhibits 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 
 	Schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Registration S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the Commission upon request. 
 
 +	Indicates a management or compensatory plan. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 None. 
 100 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Repay Holdings Corporation 

March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John Morris 

John Morris 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities as of March 1, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Title 

/s/ John Morris 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 

John Morris 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Tim Murphy 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Tim Murphy 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Thomas Sullivan 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

Thomas Sullivan 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Shaler Alias 
 
 President, Director 

Shaler Alias 

/s/ Peter Kight 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

Peter Kight 

/s/ Paul Garcia 
 
 Director 

Paul Garcia 

/s/ Maryann Goebel 
 
 Director 

Maryann Goebel 

/s/ Robert H. Hartheimer 
 
 Director 

Robert H. Hartheimer 

/s/ William Jacobs 
 
 Director 

William Jacobs 

/s/ Richard Thornburgh 
 
 Director 

Richard Thornburgh 

/s/ Emnet Rios 
 
 Director 

Emnet Rios 

101 

<EX-10>
 2
 rpay-ex10_26.htm
 EX-10.26

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.26 
 TRANSITIONAL CONSULTING AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS TRANSITIONAL CONSULTING AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of November 28, 2022 (the Effective Date ), is made and entered into by and among Repay Management Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), Jackson Advisory Group, LLC, a Florida limited liability company Consultant and Michael F. Jackson Jackson ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Jackson and the Company (as assignee of M A Ventures, LLC) are parties to that Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement ), dated as of January 21, 2019 and amended as of March 1, 2021; 
 
 WHEREAS, Jackson s employment with the Company has been terminated by the Company without Cause effective November 25, 2022; 
 
 WHEREAS, as a result of the services provided pursuant to the Employment Agreement prior to the Effective Date, Jackson possesses special knowledge, abilities and experience regarding the business of the Company and its affiliated companies (collectively, the Company Group ); 
 
 WHEREAS, Jackson has agreed that he will arrange for Consultant to provide certain services to the Company for a limited time following the Effective Date, all subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions contained herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises, the mutual promises, covenants and agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
 1. Services . 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company hereby engages Consultant to provide transition consulting services in connection with the business of the Company Group, including (i) knowledge transfer, (ii) ongoing operational initiatives and (iii) general transition assistance (collectively, the Services ), as reasonably requested from time to time by the Company, and Consultant agrees that he will provide the Services to the Company. 

(b) Consultant will use commercially reasonable efforts to devote such time, attention, skill and energy to the business of the Company Group as may be reasonably required to perform the Services. In rendering the Services, Consultant will conform to substantially the same degree of care and diligence as Jackson had undertaken in connection with Jackson s past provision of services to the Company. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, unless otherwise agreed in advance by the Company and Consultant, in no event shall the time incurred for the Services (i) be less than twenty (20) hours in any calendar week during the term of this Agreement or (ii) exceed forty (40) hours in any calendar week during the term of this Agreement. 

1 

(c) Jackson will not engage in any activity with any third party that could reasonably be expected to prevent Consultant from performing its obligations under this Agreement. Consultant will not use the services of any person or entity other than Jackson in connection with the performance of the Services without the prior written consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 

(d) Each party acknowledges and agrees that neither this Agreement nor its termination or expiration shall in any way limit, expand or otherwise modify the provisions of the Employment Agreement that survive a termination, including, without limitation, (i) Jackson s right to receive severance payments and other benefits under Section 4(e)(ii) of the Employment Agreement and (ii) Jackson s obligations under Section 5 of the Employment Agreement. 

(e) The Company hereby designates Chris Arnette to serve as Consultant s primary contact and to act as the Company s authorized representative with respect to matters pertaining to this Agreement (the Company Designee ), with such designation to remain in force unless a successor Company Designee is duly appointed by the Company. The Company shall cause the Company Designee to respond in a reasonably prompt manner to any reasonable request from Consultant for instructions or information necessary for Consultant to provide the Services. 

2. Compensation . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, as full and complete compensation for the Services, the Company will pay Consultant an hourly consulting fee of 225 (the Consulting Fee ). Consultant will invoice the Company for the Consulting Fee on a monthly basis, with each invoice describing in reasonable detail the services provided (including the number of hours spent providing such services) during such month. The Company will pay the Consulting Fee set forth in any invoice within 30 days of receipt of such invoice. The Company will also reimburse Consultant for the reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Consultant at the Company Designee s request in connection with the performance of the Services hereunder, upon submission of appropriate documentation and otherwise in accordance with the Company s reimbursement policy. 

3. Independent Contractor . Consultant, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, in connection with this Agreement, will at all times be acting in their own separate capacities and shall not, under any circumstances whatsoever, be considered to be acting as agents, employees, partners, joint venturers or associates of one another. It is expressly understood and agreed that Consultant is an independent contractor of the Company in all manners and respects and that Consultant is not authorized to bind the Company to any liability or obligation or to represent that he has any such authority. Consultant shall be responsible for all taxes arising from any compensation paid to it under this Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, neither Consultant nor Jackson will participate in any employee pension, health or other fringe benefit plan of the Company or its affiliates. The Company and its affiliates will not obtain any workers compensation insurance for Consultant or Jackson. 

2 

4. Term and Termination . 

(a) The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and will continue in full force and effect through February 28, 2023, unless terminated earlier as provided herein. Any extension of such term will be subject to mutual written agreement between the Company and Consultant. 

(b) Either the Company or Consultant may terminate this Agreement for convenience by providing at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party. 

(c) Either the Company or Consultant may terminate this Agreement for any material breach of this Agreement by the other party upon ten (10) days prior written notice to the other party containing the details of the breach, provided the breach remains uncured at the end of the notice period. 

(d) The termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not relieve or release any party from any rights, liabilities or obligations which such party has accrued prior to the date of such termination or expiration (including any earned but unpaid amount of the Consulting Fee). 

5. Nondisclosure; Work Product . 

(a) Jackson and Consultant shall not, at any time after the Effective Date, directly or indirectly transmit or disclose any Confidential Information to any person and shall not make use of any such Confidential Information, directly or indirectly, for his or its own benefit without the prior written consent of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Jackson and Consultant may disclose or use any Confidential Information to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Confidential Information (i) is, or becomes part of, the public domain other than as a result of any violation of the Company s legal rights, including, without limitation, Jackson s or Consultant s breach of the confidentiality provisions of any contract (including this Agreement); (ii) is required to be disclosed by law, provided that, to the extent practicable, Jackson or Consultant must give the Company reasonable advance written notice of the proceeding resulting in such order, so that the Company may seek a protective order if it chooses to do so; (iii) is provided to Jackson or Consultant by a third party who has not done so in breach of a confidentiality obligation of that third party; or (iv) is in connection with Consultant s good faith performance of his duties hereunder. As used herein, Confidential Information means any confidential or proprietary business information regarding the Company Group that is the subject of reasonable efforts to maintain its confidentiality and that is not generally known to competitors. Nothing in this Agreement shall diminish the rights of the Company Group regarding the protection of trade secrets and other intellectual property pursuant to applicable law. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Jackson and Consultant agree to return all property belonging to the Company, including, without limitation, all Confidential Information, physical embodiments, and copies thereof, to the Company and to certify the same in writing. 

(b) All work produced by Consultant in connection with the Services performed under this Agreement Work Product shall be deemed work made for hire and shall be the exclusive property of the Company. To the extent that title of such Work Product does not vest in 

3 

the Company by operation of law, each of Jackson and Consultant hereby irrevocably transfers and assigns to the Company all right, title and interest in and to the Work Product. Consultant and Jackson shall execute and deliver to the Company, at the Company s expense, all documents reasonably requested by the Company to evidence its ownership of the Work Product. 

(c) The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 

6. Notices . All notices, communications and deliveries under this Agreement will be made in writing signed by or on behalf of the party hereto making the same, will specify the Section under this Agreement pursuant to which it is given or being made, and will be delivered personally or by e-mail transmission or sent by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or by overnight courier delivery service (with evidence of delivery and postage and other fees prepaid) as follows: 

To the Company:	Repay Management Services LLC 
 3 West Paces Ferry Road 
 Suite 200 
 Atlanta, Georgia 30305 
 			Attn: Tyler B. Dempsey 
 E-mail: tdempsey@repay.com 
 
 To Consultant: 	 

or to such other representative or at such other address of a party hereto as such party may furnish to the other party hereto in writing. Any such notice, communication or delivery will be deemed given or made (a) on the date of delivery if delivered in person, (b) on the first (1 st business day after delivery to an appropriate customer service representative if sent by overnight courier, (c) upon transmission by e-mail if receipt is confirmed by telephone or (d) on the fifth (5 th business day after it is mailed by registered or certified mail. 
 
 7. Miscellaneous . 

a. Entire Agreement; No Waiver; Amendments . This Agreement, including all exhibits hereto (which are incorporated herein by reference), contains the entire agreement and understanding concerning the subject matter hereof between the parties hereto (subject to Section 1(d) hereof). No waiver, termination, or discharge of this Agreement, or any of the terms or provisions hereof, shall be binding upon any party hereto unless confirmed in writing. This Agreement may not be modified or amended, except by a writing executed by all parties hereto. No waiver by any party hereto of any term or provision of this Agreement or of any default hereunder shall affect such party s rights thereafter to enforce such term or provision or to exercise any right or remedy in the event of any other default, whether or not similar. 

4 

b. Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Georgia without reference to its choice of law rules. 

c. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns and Consultant and Jackson and their respective heirs, representatives, successors and assigns; provided , however , that Consultant and Jackson shall not be entitled to assign or delegate any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder. 

d. Headings. The headings contained herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not be interpreted to limit or affect in any way the meaning of the language contained in this Agreement. 

e. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute the same Agreement. Any signature page of any such counterpart, or any electronic or facsimile thereof, may be attached or appended to any other identical counterpart to complete a fully executed counterpart of this Agreement, and any electronic or facsimile transmission of any signature shall be deemed an original and shall bind such party. 

f. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held void, voidable, invalid or inoperative, no other provision of this Agreement shall be affected as a result thereof, and accordingly, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as though such void, voidable, invalid or inoperative provision had not been contained herein. 

g. Interpretation. This Agreement shall not be construed more strongly against any party hereto regardless of which party is responsible for its preparation. 

h. Further Assurances . Upon the reasonable request of the other party, each party hereto agrees to take any and all actions, including, without limitation, the execution of certificates, documents or instruments, necessary or appropriate to give effect to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 
 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed, as of the Effective Date. 

Company: 
 
 REPAY MANAGEMENT SERVICES LLC 

By: /s/ Naomi Barnett			 
 
 Name: Naomi Barnett			 
 
 Title: EVP HR				 
 
 Consultant : 
 
 JACKSON ADVISORY GROUP LLC 

By: /s/ Michael F. Jackson		 
 
 Name: Michael F. Jackson		 
 
 Title: Principal				 

Jackson: 

/s/ Michael F. Jackson			 
 Michael F. Jackson 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 rpay-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Repay Holdings Corporation 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Entity Name 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

Hawk Buyer Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 

Hawk Intermediate Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 

Hawk Parent Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 

M A Ventures, LLC 
 Georgia 

Marlin Acquirer LLC 
 Delaware 

Mesa Acquirer LLC 
 Delaware 

REPAY Canada Solutions ULC 
 British Columbia (Canada) 

Repay Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 

REPAY International LLC 
 Delaware 

Repay Management Holdco Inc. 
 Delaware 

Repay Management Services LLC 
 Delaware 

Sigma Acquisition LLC 
 Delaware 

TriSource Solutions, L.L.C. 
 Nevada 

Viking GP Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 

Wildcat Acquisition LLC 
 Delaware 

CDT Technologies, LTD 
 Texas 

cPayPlus, LLC 
 Utah 

CPS Payment Services, LLC 
 Indiana 

Media Payments, LLC 
 Indiana 

Custom Payment Systems, LLC 
 Indiana 

BT Intermediate, LLC 
 Delaware 

Electronic Payment Providers, LLC 
 Delaware 

Blue Cow Software, LLC 
 Massachusetts 

Hoot Payment Solutions, LLC 
 Massachusetts 

Internet Payment Exchange, LLC 
 Delaware 

Stratus Payment Solutions, LLC 
 Florida 

Clear Payment Solutions, LLC 
 Florida 

Harbor Acquisition LLC 
 Delaware 

Payix Holdings Incorporated 
 Delaware 

Payix Incorporated 
 Texas 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 rpay-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We have issued our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Repay Holdings Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Repay Holdings Corporation on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-266158, 333-248483, 333-232961, 333-253943, 333-257660 and 333-261486) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-265480, 333-233879 and 333-258902). 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 rpay-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, John Morris, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Repay Holdings Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 	By: 	/s/ John Morris		 
 	 John Morris 
 	 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 rpay-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Timothy J. Murphy, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Repay Holdings Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 	By: 	/s/ Tim Murphy		 
 	 Tim Murphy 
 	 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 rpay-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Repay Holdings Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John Morris, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 	By: 	/s/ John Morris		 
 	 John Morris 
 	 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 rpay-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Repay Holdings Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy J. Murphy, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 	By: 	/s/ Tim Murphy		 
 	 Tim Murphy 
 	 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rpay-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 rpay-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rpay-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 rpay-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 rpay-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

