<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_832489_0001437749-23-007636.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4542580</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>284037</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>960418</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1199841</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1074040</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>908678</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-007636.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323153016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-007636
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GeoVax Labs, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000832489
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				870455038
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39563
		FILM NUMBER:		23755935

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 LAKE PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 380
		CITY:			SMYRNA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		678-384-7220

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 LAKE PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 380
		CITY:			SMYRNA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30080

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Geovax Labs, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DAUPHIN TECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940826

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUCCESSO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910410

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-007636.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 govx20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

govx20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

			 incorporation or organization) 

(IRS Employer 

			 Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each Class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of each Exchange on which Registered 

The Capital Market 

The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price on that date was . 

Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 23, 2023: 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with respect to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this document. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

1 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

1 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

17 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

29 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

29 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

29 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

29 

PART II 

29 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

29 

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED 

29 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

30 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

35 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

35 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

35 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

35 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

36 

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENTS INSPECTIONS 

36 

PART III 

36 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

36 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

36 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

36 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

37 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

37 

PART IV 

38 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

38 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

40 

SIGNATURES 
			 
			 41 

ii

This Annual Report (including the following section regarding Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters, including statements regarding our business, our financial position, the research and development of our products and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements. 

Although forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading Risk Factors below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

Overview 

GeoVax Labs, Inc. GeoVax or the Company is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing human vaccines and immunotherapies against infectious diseases and solid tumor cancers using novel proprietary platforms. GeoVax s product pipeline includes ongoing human clinical trials for a next-generation COVID-19 vaccine and a gene-directed therapy against advanced head and neck cancers. Additional research and development programs include preventive vaccines against Monkeypox (MPox), hemorrhagic fever viruses (Ebola Zaire, Ebola Sudan, Marburg, and Lassa) and Zika virus, as well as immunotherapies for multiple solid tumors. The Company s portfolio of wholly owned, co-owned, and in-licensed intellectual property, stands at over 115 granted or pending patent applications spread over 24 patent families, which are discussed in greater detail in the Our Intellectual Property section. 

Our Product Development Pipeline 

The table below summarizes the status of our product development programs, which are discussed in greater detail in the following pages. 

Indication 

Current Status 

Coronavirus Vaccines 

COVID-19 (Booster to mRNA vaccines) 

Clinical Phase 2 

COVID-19 (Primary vaccine for immunocompromised patients) 

Clinical Phase 2 

Pan Coronavirus 

Preclinical/IND-Enabling 

Cancer Therapy 

Solid Tumors (Advanced Head and Neck Cancer) 

Clinical Phase 1/2 

Solid Tumors (MUC1) 

Preclinical/IND-Enabling 

Other Infectious Disease Vaccines 

Monkeypox (MPox) Smallpox (SPox) 

Preclinical/IND-Enabling 

Hemorrhagic Fever Viruses 

Preclinical/IND-Enabling 

Ebola Zaire 

Ebola Sudan 

Marburg 

Lassa Fever 

Zika 

Preclinical/IND-Enabling 

Malaria 

Exploratory 

Orphan Drug status granted 

 Indication within FDA Priority Review Voucher program 

1

Our Coronavirus Vaccine Programs 

COVID-19, caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus, a serious public health issue of international concern. As of February 2023, the World Health Organization reports more than 757 million cases and nearly 7 million deaths worldwide. SARS-CoV-2 is an enveloped, single-stranded, positive-sense RNA virus belonging to the family Coronavidae within the genus beta-coronavirus. The genome of SARS-CoV-2 encodes one large Spike S protein that plays a pivotal role during viral attachment to the host receptor and entry into host cells. The S protein is the major principal target for vaccines against human coronavirus, including SARS-CoV-2. Neutralizing antibodies targeting the receptor binding domain RBD subunit of the S protein block the virus from binding to host cells. Over 90 of all neutralizing antibodies produced in response to infection are directed to the RBD subunit. 

Based on our research, there are currently forty vaccines authorized for use in one or more countries around the world, including four in the United States. These vaccines are primarily designed to induce antibodies specific for the S protein of SARS-CoV-2 but rely on different mechanisms for presentation or expression of the S antigen, including recombinant proteins, whole inactivated virus, defective adenovirus vectors (three different types) or mRNA. Unfortunately, the continued adaptation and mutation of SARS-CoV-2 has resulted in the emergence of variants that are not optimally neutralized by vaccine-induced antibodies. This has required the adjustment of vaccine composition and the administration of booster doses. Recently, the FDA indicated the likely need for continued vaccine adjustments and yearly boosters, similar to the approach used for influenza virus vaccines. 

Modified Vaccinia Ankara (MVA) is the vaccine vector platform utilized in a number of our vaccine candidates. There are several advantages to vaccines based on the MVA vectors. Firstly, MVA has a large genetic coding capacity which provides the foundation for vaccines based on multiple SARS-CoV-2 proteins, instead of the singular focus on the S protein. This approach induces immune responses with greater breadth of specificity. Secondly, MVA is known to effectively induce T-cell responses in addition to antibodies and the responses are durable. Third, MVA replicates minimally in mammalian cells which contributes to it being an extremely safe vaccine platform for human vaccines. As a result of the combination of these properties, MVA is an ideal vaccine vector platform for the design of the next generation Covid-19 vaccines, especially in targeting patient populations with compromised immune systems. 

GEO-CM04S1 for Immunocompromised Patients The CDC and other global public health agencies identify immunocompromised patients, including patients who have received therapeutic procedures for hematologic malignancy, as highest risk for SARS-CoV-2 disease. SARS-CoV-2 infection can be very serious in this vulnerable population of hematology patients, including autologous (auto) and allogeneic (allo) hematopoietic cell transplant (HCT), and recipients of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-T cell therapies. Given the serious impact of other respiratory viruses in this vulnerable patient population, it is anticipated that hematology recipients of cell therapy may develop severe clinical disease, profoundly impacting the therapy outcomes, such as morbidity and survival. Increasingly, there is evidence of the high risk of severe morbidity, hospitalization and death resulting from SARS-CoV-2 in hematology patients. To date, there has been no clinical trial of an approved vaccine focused on immunocompromised patients. Thus, the efficacy and safety of a SARS-CoV-2 vaccine remains to be established in the different immunocompromised patient populations and it is likely that candidate SARS-CoV-2 vaccines may differ in their efficacy and safety for these patients. 

Our vaccine candidate, GEO-CM04S1, is based on a synthetic, attenuated Modified Vaccinia Ankara (sMVA) vector expressing both spike (S) and nucleocapsid (N) antigens of the SARS-CoV-2 virus and was initially developed at City of Hope (COH) for immunocompromised patients. In a placebo-controlled Phase 1 clinical trial of healthy adults conducted by COH, GEO-CM04S1 was shown to be safe and immunogenic. In November 2021, GeoVax entered into a license agreement with COH, granting GeoVax exclusive worldwide rights to further develop and commercialize the vaccine. 

GEO-CM04S1 is being studied in an ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial (NCT04977024) to evaluate its safety and immunogenicity, compared to either the Pfizer/BioNTech or Moderna mRNA-based vaccine, in patients who have previously received either an allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplant, an autologous hematopoietic cell transplant or chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy. GEO-CM04S1 is the only SARS-CoV-2vaccine that includes both S and N proteins to advance to a Phase 2 trial in cancer patients. MVA-vector based vaccines tend to produce an immune response quickly in less than 14 days with only mild side effects. The trial is also the first to compare an investigational multi-antigenic SARS-CoV-2vaccine to the current Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved mRNA vaccines from Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna in people who are immunocompromised. Such patients have often shown a weak antibody response after receiving currently available COVID-19 vaccines. 

2

GEO-CM04S1 as a Booster Vaccine GEO-CM04S1 is also being studied in the Phase 2 portion of a Phase 1/2 trial (NCT04639466), evaluating its use as a universal booster vaccine to current FDA-approved two-shot mRNA vaccines from Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna. The clinical trial, titled Phase 1/2 Dose Escalation Study to Evaluate the Safety and Biologically Effective Dose of COH04S1, a Synthetic MVA-based SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine, Administered as One or Two Injections or as a Booster to Healthy Adult Volunteers is being conducted at COH. 

Because GEO-CM04S1 is designed to stimulate potent humoral and cellular immune responses against both the S and N proteins of SARS-CoV-2, GeoVax believes its administration as a booster will provide additional antigenic targets to the immune system resulting in a broader immune response. The GEO-CM04S1 vaccine s MVA backbone may also be more effective at inducing immunity since MVA is known to strongly induce T cell responses even in a background of immunosuppression. In addition, GEO-CM04S1 may offer greater protection against the significant sequence variation observed with the S antigen and durability of immunity, which is well established for MVA. 

The Phase 1 portion of the trial was designed as a dose-escalation safety study in healthy individuals between the ages of 18 to 55, who had not been previously infected with SARS-CoV-2. The primary objectives were to evaluate the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of the GEO-CM04S1 in healthy volunteers who were administered the vaccine at three different dose levels by intramuscular (IM) injection. Follow-up studies of the volunteers are continuing in order to better assess duration of immune responses. 

The Phase 2 booster study, for which vaccination is ongoing, will include 60 healthy individuals, 18 years of age and older, who were previously vaccinated with the two-dose regimen of one of the FDA-approved SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccines, manufactured by either Pfizer/BioNtech or Moderna. The study is designed as a dose-escalation trial to specifically evaluate the safety profile and immunogenicity of COH04S1 as a booster. The immunological responses measured throughout the study will include the level of SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 variants of concern (VOC), including the Omicron and Delta VOCs, as well as specific T-cell responses. 

GEO-CM02 as a Pan-Coronavirus Vaccine As noted, most of the first-generation SARS-CoV-2 vaccines were designed to encode the S protein of the SARS-CoV-2 virus with the goal of inducing high levels of neutralizing antibodies. However, the limitations of this approach in the face of continually emerging variants is now obvious and alternative vaccine designs are being developed. 

GeoVax has developed a design strategy for vaccines to induce broader immunity through inclusion of multiple, genetically conserved structural and nonstructural proteins from the target pathogen. This is possible through the use of its novel Modified Virus Ankara - Virus Like Particle (GV-MVA-VLP TM platform. The goal is to induce a balanced immune response comprised of both antibody and cellular (T-cells) effectors against multiple immunogens, potentially limiting immune escape by emerging variants. Expression of the SARS-CoV-2 spike (S), membrane (M) and envelope (E) proteins by MVA supports the in vivo formation of virus like particles (VLPs), which induce both antibody and T-cell responses. Incorporation of other sequence-conserved structural and nonstructural proteins will provide targets for T-cell responses to increase the breadth and function of vaccine-induced immune responses. This strategy provides the basis for generating a universal vaccine with augmented potential to alleviate the burden of disease caused by circulating coronaviruses. Unique compared to other vaccines approved or under development, the GeoVax vaccine candidates are therefore specifically designed to provide a broader and more long-lived level of protective immunity against SARS-CoV-2 which should protect against emerging variants while avoiding the potential side effects that can limit vaccine utility and acceptance. 

GeoVax s lead vaccine candidate (GEO-CM02) encodes the S protein as the antibody target and the M and E proteins as T-cell targets. In small animal studies, the Company measured functional immune responses after a single dose that mediated protection from infection and pathogenesis, including protection against the more virulent Beta variant. 

In January 2021, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), awarded the GeoVax a Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) grant in support of the Company s vaccine development efforts. The Phase 1 grant, titled, Preclinical Development of GV-MVA-VLP Vaccines Against COVID-19, supported the ongoing design, construction and preclinical testing of our vaccine candidate s evaluation. Scientific presentations and publications of the experimental results were delivered at multiple international vaccine conferences during 2021 and 2022 and publication is planned for early 2023. This product currently is serving as the foundation for further internal experimental design and small animal model testing focusing on the use of highly conserved viral nonstructural proteins as additional T-cell immunogens to further increase the functional and specificity of induced immune responses. 

3

Our Cancer Therapy Programs 

Gedeptin Gedeptin is a novel patented product/technology for the treatment of solid tumors through a gene therapy strategy known as Gene-Directed Enzyme Prodrug Therapy (GDEPT). In September 2021, GeoVax entered into an assignment and license agreement with PNP Therapeutics, Inc. PNP ), granting GeoVax exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize Gedeptin. The Gedeptin technology was developed with funding support from the National Cancer Institute (NCI), part of the NIH. GeoVax s license to Gedeptin includes the rights to expand the use of Gedeptin to all human diseases and/or conditions including, but not limited to, other solid tumors. 

In GDEPT, a vector is used to selectively transduce tumor cells with a nonhuman gene, which expresses an enzyme that can convert a nontoxic prodrug into a very toxic antitumor compound, in situ . A cycle of Gedeptin therapy consists of three intra-tumoral injections of Gedeptin over a two-day period followed by infusion of a prodrug, fludarabine phosphate, once a day for three days. A Phase 1 dose ranging study, evaluating the safety of a single cycle of Gedeptin therapy, found the therapy to be well tolerated, with evidence of a reduction in tumor size in patients with solid tumors. 

A Phase 1/2 trial (NCT03754933), evaluating the safety and efficacy of repeat cycles of Gedeptin therapy in patients with recurrent head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), with tumor(s) accessible for injection and no curable treatment options was initiated at the Stanford University Cancer Institute. The trial design involves repeat administration using Gedeptin followed by systemic fludarabine, as a way to gain additional information prior to expansion towards a larger patient trial. The initial stage of the study is being funded by the FDA pursuant to its Orphan Products Clinical Trials Grants Program. The FDA has also granted Gedeptin orphan drug status for the intra-tumoral treatment of anatomically accessible oral and pharyngeal cancers, including cancers of the lip, tongue, gum, floor of mouth, salivary gland and other oral cavities. In January 2022, we engaged CATO SMS, a global provider of clinical research solutions, to manage the ongoing Phase 1/2 trial, and to assist with the expansion of clinical sites and acceleration of patient enrollment and evaluation. In February 2023, GeoVax announced the expansion of the Gedeptin Phase 1/2 trial with patients actively enrolling at three prestigious National Cancer Institute (NCI) designated Cancer Centers -- Stanford University Cancer Institute, Emory University Winship Cancer Institute, and the Thomas Jefferson University Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center. This trial will guide the design of a larger study that also may involve patients with other anatomically accessible oral and pharyngeal cancers and, may lead to labeling discussions with the FDA and initiation of further Gedeptin investigations including in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors for additional cancerous and non-cancerous tumor indications. 

MUC1-based Immunotherapy Tumors are often able to inhibit the body s natural immune system by producing inhibitory factors as a mechanism of immune resistance, especially against the T cells that are specific for tumor antigens and can kill cancer cells. The field of immuno-oncology has received new momentum with the discovery and commercial launch of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs), a type of monoclonal antibodies (Mabs). ICIs block the naturally occurring and tumor-induced immune checkpoints, thus allowing functional T cells to more fully restore cellular proliferation, cytokine production and killing of tumor cells. 

Unlike conventional therapies (e.g. radiation, chemotherapy, antibody, etc.), therapeutic cancer vaccines have the potential to induce responses that not only result in the control and even clearance of tumors but also establish immunological memory that can suppress and prevent tumor recurrence. Convenience, safety, and low toxicity of cancer vaccines could make them invaluable tools to be included in future immunotherapy approaches in combination with ICIs for treating tumors. Currently, there are only a few vectored cancer vaccines being tested in combination with ICIs, all of which are in early clinical stages. 

We are developing our GV-MVA-VLP vaccine platform that is based on the aberrantly glycosylated forms of the cell surface-associated MUC1 protein that is expressed on a wide range of cancers, including breast, colon, ovarian, prostate, pancreatic, and lung, with the goal of raising therapeutic anti-tumor antibodies and T cell responses in cancer patients. 

We have produced a MVA-VLP-MUC1 vaccine candidate, demonstrated VLP production by electron microscopy using MUC1 immunogold staining, and showed that the VLPs express a hypo-glycosylated form of MUC1 in human cell lines. 

We collaborated with Dr. Olivera Finn, a leading expert in cancer immunotherapy at the University of Pittsburgh, who was one of the first medical researchers to show that many tumors express an abnormal form of MUC1 that is recognized by the immune system as foreign. Our collaboration with Dr. Finn has shown that a combination of our MVA-VLP-MUC1 vaccine candidate with a MUC1 synthetic peptide was capable of breaking tolerance to human MUC1 in transgenic mice and inducing immune responses with efficacy against challenge in a lymphoma tumor model. 

In 2022, we initiated potentially IND enabling small animal studies with Dr. Pinku Mukherjee at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte to define the optimal course and schedule of vaccination to define a protocol that can be evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial. These studies, which are ongoing, include assessment of the therapeutic benefit the vaccine in combination with a synthetic peptide, adjuvant and immune checkpoint inhibitor using a human MUC1 transgenic mouse model to optimally match existing and previously tested cancer treatment regimens. 

4

MVA as Smallpox (SPox) and Monkeypox (MPox) Vaccine 

MVA was originally developed for use as a smallpox (SPox) vaccine more than 30 years ago. Its preferred use is for individuals with compromised immune systems; individuals that would be put at risk if administered the normal SPox vaccine. It is also approved as the vaccine for other orthopox vaccines, including monkeypox (MPox). As such, an added potential benefit of our vaccines is that in those regions where MPox or SPox are of concern, vaccines built on an MVA vaccine platform will likely provide protection against MPox and SPox. 

MVA is the vaccine currently used and stockpiled in the US Strategic National Stockpile for immunization against the monkeypox (MPox) and smallpox (SPox) viruses. GeoVax previously demonstrated that an experimental HIV vaccine, utilizing NIH-MVA as the vaccine vector, protected non-human primates challenged with a lethal dose of the MPox virus. Further, in August 2022, the City of Hope team, which originally developed GEO-CM04S1, published results demonstrating that both their proprietary sMVA (synthetic MVA) and GEO-CM04S1 (referred to as COH04S1 in the publication) elicited robust orthopoxvirus-specific binding and neutralizing antibody responses. The authors conclude that GEO-CM04S1 and sMVA represent unique vaccine candidates to control the unforeseen global MPox outbreak. 

In response to the global need to address the continued emerging threat from MPox and the unique opportunity offered by MVA-based vaccines, GeoVax recently secured rights from the NIH covering preclinical, clinical and commercial uses of the NIH-MVA against MPox or SPox viruses. The Company is now evaluating development and regulatory pathways towards expanding the public health options available to reduce and manage the risk of MPox worldwide. 

Our Hemorrhagic Fever Virus Vaccines (Ebola Zaire, Ebola Sudan, Marburg and Lassa) 

Ebola (EBOV, formerly designated as Zaire ebolavirus), Sudan (SUDV), and Marburg viruses (MARV) are the most virulent species of the Filoviridae family, causing hemorrhagic fever illnesses with up to a 90 fatality rate in humans. Lassa fever virus (LASV), a member of the Arenaviridae family, also causes severe and often fatal hemorrhagic illnesses in an overlapping region with Ebola. In December 2019, FDA approved the first live recombinant Ebola vaccine for prevention of Ebola disease by Zaire virus. This rVSV-ZEBOV showed safety concerns in Phase 1 trials and by virtue of being replication competent could pose threats to immunocompromised individuals, such as those infected with HIV living in West Africa where recent Ebola epidemics started. 

To address the unmet need for a product that can respond to future hemorrhagic fever outbreaks, we are developing vaccines utilizing our GV-MVA-VLP platform. As previously noted, the MVA vector itself is considered safe, having originally been developed for use in immunocompromised individuals as a smallpox vaccine. We expect our vaccines may not only protect at-risk individuals against EBOV, SUDV, MARV and LASV, but also potentially reduce or modify the severity of other re-emerging pathogens such as Bundibugyo, Ivory Coast, and Reston viruses, based on antigenic cross reactivity and the elicitation of T cells to the more conserved matrix proteins (e.g. VP40 or Z) in addition to standard GP proteins used by us and other manufacturers. Thus, the GeoVax GV-MVA-VLP approach could offer a unique combination of advantages to achieve breadth and safety of a pan-filo vaccine. In addition to protecting historically higher-risk populations in Africa, it is also intended to prevent the spread of disease to the US and globally, and for preparedness against terrorist release of any of bio-threat pathogens in the US and globally. 

Our initial preclinical studies in rodents and nonhuman primates for our MVA-VLP-EBOV vaccine candidate have shown significant levels of protection against a lethal doses of EBOV. Recent studies in lethal challenge guinea pig models demonstrated that GeoVax vaccines MVA-VLP-SUDV and MVA-VLP-MARV conferred 100 protection from death. These vaccines were subsequently evaluated in a rigorous cynomolgus macaque infectious challenge model. Vaccination protected nonhuman primates from viremia, weight loss and death following challenge with a dose of Sudan or Marburg virus that is lethal in nonvaccinated animals. Evaluation of immune responses following vaccination demonstrated presence of both neutralizing antibodies and functional T cells, indicating a breadth of responses that combine for optimal protection. The nonhuman primate studies conducted in collaboration with NIAID and the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) have been completed and clinical development programs are being defined with an initial focus on the MVA-VLP-MARV product. 

Other Infectious Disease Programs 

GEO-ZM02 for Zika Zika disease is an emerging infectious disease caused by the Zika virus (ZIKV) and has been linked to an increase in microcephaly in infants and Guillain-Barre syndrome (a neurodegenerative disease) in adults. ZIKV is a member of the Flaviviridae family, which includes medically important pathogens such as dengue fever, yellow fever, Japanese encephalitis, tick-borne encephalitis, and West Nile viruses. Public health officials recommend avoiding exposure to ZIKV, delaying pregnancy, and following basic supportive care (fluids, rest, and acetaminophen) after infection. 

5

To address the unmet need for a ZIKV vaccine, we are developing novel vaccine candidates constructed using our GV-MVA-VLP platform. MVA has an outstanding safety record, which is particularly important given the need to include women of child-bearing age and newborns among those being vaccinated. Our Zika vaccine is designed based on the NS1 gene product to eliminate the risk of Antibody Dependent Enhancement (ADE), which is a serious side effect observed when a vaccinated individual doesn t have a fully protective immune response which actually causes a more virulent reaction if infected. 

Our initial preclinical studies in rodents using our GEO-ZM02 vaccine candidate demonstrated 100 single-dose protection against a lethal dose of ZIKV delivered directly into the brain. In rhesus macaques, vaccination with GEO-ZM02 induced immune responses that effectively controlled the virus replication despite the fact the vaccine is not designed to induce ZIKV neutralizing antibodies. Further development of GEO-ZM02 will be dependent upon partnering support. 

In January 2023, GeoVax announced that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued a Notice of Allowance for Patent Application No. 17/000,768 titled, Method for Generating a ZIKV Immune Response Utilizing a Recombinant Modified Vaccinia Ankara Vector Encoding the NS1 Protein . Preclinical studies demonstrated a single dose of GEO-ZM02 provided 100 protection against a lethal dose of Zika virus. 

GEO-MM02 for Malaria According to recent data from the World Health Organization, globally, malaria causes 227 million infections and 619,000 deaths annually. Despite decades of vaccine research, vaccine candidates have failed to induce substantial protection. Most of these vaccines are based on individual proteins that induce immune responses targeting only one stage of the malaria parasite s life cycle. GeoVax s MVA-VLP malaria vaccine candidates incorporate antigens derived from multiple stages of the parasite s life cycle and are designed to induce an immune response with durable functional antibodies and CD4+ and CD8+ T cell responses, all hallmarks of an ideal vaccine-induced immune response. 

We have collaborated with the Burnet Institute, a leading infectious diseases research institute in Australia, for the development of a vaccine to prevent malaria infection. The project included the design, construction, and characterization of multiple malaria vaccine candidates using GeoVax s GV-MVA-VLP vaccine platform combined with malaria Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax sequences identified by the Burnet Institute. The vaccine design, construction, and characterization were performed at GeoVax with immunogenicity and challenge studies in animal models conducted at Burnet Institute using their unique functional assays. Further development of GEO-MM02 will be dependent upon additional funding support via federal grants or other sources. 

HIV Due to our corporate refocusing of development efforts prioritizing our SARS-CoV-2 and cancer immunotherapy programs, and to a lack of continuing government support for our HIV vaccine development efforts, in early 2022 we decided to discontinue active development of these programs. Our technology and intellectual property will remain available for out-license or partnering, but we are no longer devoting any significant corporate resources to this program. 

Of interest, recent results from a clinical study of a combinational HIV therapy that included GeoVax s HIV booster vaccine candidate, MVA62B were presented at the Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections (CROI) held February 19-22, 2023 in Seattle, Washington. The data presented were part of an effort led by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), to develop a combinational therapy aimed at inducing remission in HIV-positive individuals (a functional cure ). The primary objectives of the proof-of-concept trial were to assess the safety and tolerability of the combinational therapy and to determine the viral load set-point during antiviral treatment interruption. Secondary objectives were to assess immune responses and changes in viral reservoir status. The clinical trial was led by Steven Deeks, M.D. of UCSF, a world leader in therapeutic approaches to HIV infections, and was one of the most comprehensive tests to date for the ability of synergistic approaches to control HIV infection. The studies were conducted with funding from amfAR, The Foundation for AIDS Research. The overall goal of this trial was to induce immune responses that could potentially control HIV replication in patients in the absence of antiviral drugs. The data presented by the UCSF researchers indicated very high levels of immunogenicity (particularly T cell immunity), despite the fact these occurred in technically immunocompromised patients. These results further validate the ability of the MVA-VLP platform to stimulate a robust T-cell response to various diseases. 

6

Our GV-MVA-VLP Platform 

GeoVax s GV-MVA-VLP vaccine platform utilizes Modified Vaccinia Ankara (MVA), a large virus capable of carrying several vaccine antigens, that expresses proteins that assemble into virus-like particles (VLP) immunogens in the person receiving the vaccine. The production of VLPs in the person being vaccinated can mimic the virus production that occurs in a natural infection, stimulating both the humoral and cellular arms of the immune system to recognize, prevent, and control the target infection. The MVA-VLP derived vaccines can elicit durable immune responses in the host similar to a live-attenuated virus, while providing the safety characteristics of a replication-defective vector. 

Vaccines typically contain agents (antigens) that resemble disease-causing microorganisms. Traditional vaccines are often made from weakened or killed forms of the virus or from its surface proteins. Some newer vaccines use recombinant DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid) technology to generate vaccine antigens in bacteria or cultured cells from specific portions of the DNA sequence of the target pathogen. The generated antigens are then purified and formulated for use in a vaccine. We believe the most successful of these purified antigens have been non-infectious virus-like particles (VLPs) as exemplified by vaccines for hepatitis B (Merck s Recombivax and GSK s Engerix and Papilloma viruses (GSK s Cervarix , and Merck s Gardasil ). Our approach uses recombinant DNA and/or recombinant MVA to produce VLPs in the person being vaccinated (in vivo) reducing complexity and costs of manufacturing. In human clinical trials of our HIV vaccines, we believe we have demonstrated that our VLPs, expressed from within the cells of the person being vaccinated, can be safe, yet elicit both strong and durable humoral and cellular immune response. 

VLPs mimic authentic viruses in form but are not infectious or capable of replicating and can cause the body s immune system to recognize and kill targeted viruses to prevent an infection. VLPs can also train the immune system to recognize and kill virus-infected cells to control infection and reduce the length and severity of disease. One of the biggest challenges with VLP-based vaccines is to design the vaccines in such a way that the VLPs will be recognized by the immune system in the same way as the authentic virus would be. We design our vaccines such that, when VLPs for enveloped viruses like HIV, Ebola, Marburg or Lassa fever are produced in vivo (in the cells of the recipient), they include not only the protein antigens, but also an envelope consisting of membranes from the vaccinated individual s cells. In this way, they are highly similar to the virus generated in a person s body during a natural infection. VLPs produced in vitro (in a pharmaceutical plant), by contrast, have no envelope; or, envelopes from the cultured cells (typically hamster or insect cells) used to produce them. We believe our technology therefore provides distinct advantages by producing VLPs that more closely resemble the authentic viruses. We believe this feature of our immunogens allows the body s immune system to more readily recognize the virus. By producing VLPs in vivo , we believe we also avoid potential purification issues associated with in vitro production of VLPs. 

Figure 1 below shows examples of thin section electron micrographs of actual viruses and VLPs for these viruses expressed by GeoVax MVA-VLP vaccines. 

Figure 1. Comparison of MVA-VLPs and native virus structures 

In the MVA-VLP platform, we take advantage of MVA s large coding capacity to insert genes that encode multiple proteins, the combination of which is adequate to support the generation of VLPs by the MVA infected cells. Utility has been demonstrated for multiple vaccine candidates wherein the MVA-encoded viral matrix proteins and glycoproteins assemble into VLPs. MVA was originally developed as a safer smallpox vaccine for use in immune-compromised individuals. It was developed by attenuating the standard smallpox vaccine by passaging it (over 500 passages) in chicken embryos or chicken embryo fibroblasts, resulting in a virus with limited ability to replicate in human cells (thus safe) but with high replication capability in avian cells (thus cost effective for manufacturing). The modifications also resulted in the loss of immune evasion genes which assist the spread of wild type smallpox infections, even in the presence of human immune responses. 

7

We collaborated with the laboratory of Dr. Bernard Moss at NIH/NIAID on four different generations of MVA vectors, spanning over 15 years of collaboration, to effectively express vaccine proteins that assemble into VLPs. These efforts led to the development of different shuttle vectors and the identification of multiple insertion sites for introducing foreign genes encoding the vaccine target proteins into MVA in a manner that optimizes each product for manufacturing stability. Each MVA-VLP vaccine has up to two expression cassettes, each encoding one or more antigens selected from pathogens of interest. At a minimum, each vaccine expresses two antigens required for VLP formation; in the case of HIV and hemorrhagic fever vaccines for example, a viral matrix protein and an envelope glycoprotein. We use a synthetic early late promoter that provides high, yet not lethal, levels of insert expression, which is initiated immediately after infection in cells of the vaccinated individual. 

Our GV-MVA-VLP vaccine platform affords other advantages: 

Safety: Safety for MVA, generally, has been shown in more than 120,000 subjects in Europe, including immunocompromised individuals during the initial development of MVA and more recently with the development of MVA as a safer vaccine against smallpox. Our HIV vaccines demonstrated outstanding safety in multiple human clinical trials. 

Durability: Our technology raises highly durable (long-lasting) vaccine responses. We hypothesize that elicitation of durable vaccine responses is conferred on responding B cells by the vaccinia parent of MVA, which raises highly durable responses for smallpox. 

Limited pre-existing immunity to vector : Following the eradication of smallpox in 1980, smallpox vaccinations subsequently ended, leaving all but those born before 1980 and selected populations (such as vaccinated laboratory workers and first responders) unvaccinated and without pre-existing immunity to MVA-derived vaccines. A potential interference of pre-existing immunity to a vector may be more problematic with those vectors related to parent viruses used in routine vaccinations (e.g. measles) or constitute common viruses that infect people of all ages (e.g. cytomegalovirus). 

Repeated use of the platform for different vaccines used in sequence . In mouse experiments, we have shown that two of our vaccines (e.g. GV-MVA-VLP-Zika followed by GV-MVA-VLP-Ebola) can be given at 

No need for adjuvants: MVA generally stimulates strong innate immune responses and does not require the use of adjuvants. 

Protection against MPOX and SPOX: MVA vectored vaccines have been previously shown to provide potential protection against MPOX/SPOX. 

Thermal stability: MVA is stable in both liquid and lyophilized formats (> 6 years of storage). 

Genetic stability and manufacturability: If appropriately engineered, MVA is genetically stable and can reliably be manufactured in either the established Chick Embryo Fibroblast cell substrate, or novel continuous cell lines that support scalability as well as greater process consistency and efficiency. 

Government Regulation 

Regulation by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries is a significant factor in our ongoing research and development activities and in the manufacture of our products. Complying with these regulations involves considerable expertise, time and expense. 

In the United States, drugs and biologics are subject to rigorous federal and state regulation. Our products are regulated under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FD C Act), the Public Health Service Act, and the regulations promulgated under these statutes, and other federal and state statutes and regulations. These laws govern, among other things, the testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of medications and medical devices. Product development and approval within this regulatory framework is difficult to predict, takes several years and involves great expense. The steps required before a human vaccine may be marketed in the United States include: 

Preclinical laboratory tests, in vivo preclinical studies and formulation studies; 

Manufacturing and testing of the product under strict compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) regulations; 

Submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug application for human clinical testing which must become effective before human clinical trials can commence; 

Adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product; 

The submission of a Biologics License Application to the FDA, along with the required user fees; and 

FDA approval of the BLA prior to any commercial sale or shipment of the product 

8

Before marketing any drug or biologic for human use in the United States, the product sponsor must obtain FDA approval. In addition, each manufacturing establishment must be registered with the FDA and must pass a pre-approval inspection before introducing any new drug or biologic into commercial distribution. 

The Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) authority granted to the FDA allows the FDA to help strengthen the nation s public health protections against certain threats by facilitating the availability and use of medical countermeasures needed during public health emergencies. Under section 564 of the FD C Act, the FDA Commissioner may allow unapproved medical products or unapproved uses of approved medical products to be used in an emergency to diagnose, treat, or prevent serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions caused by threat agents when there are no adequate, approved, and available alternatives. This potentially may provide a faster pathway to market for our COVID-19 or other infectious disease vaccine candidates. This was the approval pathway followed by Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna for their respective COVID-19 vaccines. 

Because GeoVax does not manufacture vaccines for human use within our own facilities, we must ensure compliance both in our own operations and in the outsourced manufacturing operations. All FDA-regulated manufacturing establishments (both domestic establishments and foreign establishments that export products to the United States) are subject to inspections by the FDA and must comply with the FDA s cGMP regulations for products, drugs and devices. 

The FDA determines compliance with applicable statutes and regulations through documentation review, investigations, and inspections. Several enforcement mechanisms are available to the FDA, ranging from a simple demand to correct a minor deficiency to mandatory recalls, closure of facilities, and even criminal charges for the most serious violations. 

Even if FDA regulatory clearances are obtained, a marketed product is subject to continual review, and later discovery of previously unknown problems or failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may result in restrictions on the marketing of a product or withdrawal of the product from the market as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions. 

Whether or not the FDA has approved the drug, approval of a product by regulatory authorities in foreign countries must be obtained prior to the commencement of commercial sales of the drug in such countries. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials and drug approvals vary widely from country to country, and the time required for approval may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. 

We also are subject to various federal, state and local laws, regulations, and recommendations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices, the experimental use of animals, and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances used in connection with our research. The extent of government regulation that might result from any future legislation or administrative action cannot be accurately predicted. 

Recent Government Initiatives 

US Regulators and Senior White House and Congressional Leaders have announced multiple objectives and initiatives in 2023 that may impact GeoVax. These include: 

- 

Supporting the development of innovative vaccine platforms facilitating the production of a next generation broader performing COVID vaccine GeoVax s MVA-VLP platform is a logical candidate given the features and benefits noted throughout this report. 

- 

The reshoring and protection of the domestic biotech ecosystem GeoVax represents the first domestic source for SPox and MPox production which is currently controlled by a single foreign entity. 

- 

Replenishing the US stockpile with additional vaccines addressing MPOX and Hemorrhagic Fevers GeoVax has multiple products in advanced stages of development. 

- 

Assisting African countries in their quest to prevent an array of debilitating illnesses including those caused by hemorrhagic fever viruses Fevers GeoVax has multiple products in advanced stages of development. 

FDA Tropical Disease Priority Review Voucher Program 

Section 524 of the FD C Act authorizes the FDA to award priority review vouchers (PRVs) to sponsors of approved tropical disease product applications that meet certain criteria. To qualify for a PRV, a sponsor s application must be for a drug or biological product for the prevention or treatment of a tropical disease, must otherwise qualify for priority review, and must contain no active ingredient (including any salt or ester of an active ingredient) that has been approved in any other application under Section 505(b)(1) of the FD C Act or section 351 of the Public Health Services Act. Priority review means that the FDA aims to render a decision in 6 months. 

9

The PRV may be sold. For example, a small company might win a voucher for developing a drug for a neglected disease and sell the voucher to a large company for use on a commercial disease. The price of the voucher depends on supply and demand. The voucher s value derives from three factors: shifting sales earlier, longer effective patent life due to earlier entry, and competitive benefits from earlier entry relative to competitors. Top-selling treatments can yield billions in sales each year, so being approved months earlier can be worth hundreds of millions of dollars to the voucher. Since the first voucher sale in 2014, the price of the vouchers has ranged from 68 million to 350 million. 

GeoVax believes that its vaccine programs in Ebola, Sudan, Marburg, Lassa Fever, Malaria and Zika may each be eligible for a PRV and we intend to apply for a PRV at the appropriate time. There can be no assurance, however, that we will qualify or be approved for a PRV. 

Manufacturing 

To be successful, our products must be manufactured in commercial quantities in compliance with regulatory requirements and at an acceptable cost. To date, we have not commercialized any products, nor have we demonstrated that we can manufacture commercial quantities of our product candidates in accordance with regulatory requirements. If we cannot manufacture products in suitable quantities and in accordance with regulatory standards, either on our own or through contracts with third parties, it may delay clinical trials, regulatory approvals and marketing efforts for such products. Such delays could adversely affect our competitive position and our chances of achieving profitability. We cannot be sure that we can manufacture, either on our own or through contracts with third parties, such products at a cost or in quantities that are commercially viable. 

We do not currently have the facilities or internal expertise to manufacture any of the clinical or commercial supplies of any of our product. Rather, our strategy is to rely on third-party contract manufacturers to produce vaccines needed for research and clinical trials. We have arrangements with third party manufacturers for the supply of our DNA and MVA vaccines for use in our planned clinical trials. These suppliers operate under the FDA s Good Manufacturing Practices and (in the case of European manufacturers) similar regulations of the European Medicines Agency. We anticipate that these suppliers will be able to provide sufficient vaccine supplies to complete our currently planned clinical trials. Various contractors are generally available in the United States and Europe for manufacture of vaccines for clinical trial evaluation, however, it may be difficult to replace existing contractors for certain manufacturing and testing activities and costs for contracted services may increase substantially if we switch to other contractors. Furthermore, there is currently a shortage of vaccine manufacturing capability due to demand for potential COVID-19 vaccines, which could affect our ability to have our vaccine candidates manufactured. 

We recently announced significant progress in developing a high-yield, high-capacity, continuous avian cell line system for manufacturing its MVA-based vaccines and immunotherapies. 

Currently, MVA vaccines are manufactured in cells cultured from chicken embryonic fibroblasts (CEF), a suboptimal and time-consuming process useful primarily for niche markets and stockpile reserves. Now, after exploring various approaches to growing MVA in continuous cell lines in bioreactors more suitable for high-yield, commercial-scale manufacturing, we will accelerate activities towards fully implementing a proprietary, continuous cell line manufacturing system that will provide lower-cost, scalable versatility for broad MVA vaccine and immunotherapy applications. 

Developing a high-yield, high-capacity process to produce MVA-based vaccines and immunotherapies constitutes a transformational development for GeoVax, biomedicine, and the public s health. By advancing our MVA manufacturing to a modern, interchangeable process, we are on course to expand MVA applications from stockpile-based solutions for niche medical markets to respond to world needs on a timely basis, whenever and wherever they arise. We believe that this capability puts us in the position to be the first supplier of MVA-based vaccines to implement such a transformative manufacturing process and becoming the first U.S.-based supplier of the MVA vaccine to prevent Mpox (monkeypox), Smallpox and other pox-related viruses. 

The raw materials and other supplies that are used in the production process for our vaccines and that we use in our research activities are generally available from a number of commercial suppliers and we believe we will be able to obtain sufficient quantities of such materials and supplies for all foreseeable clinical investigations. 

10

Competition 

Our product candidates face, and will continue to face, intense competition from large pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies as well as academic and research institutions. We compete in an industry that is characterized by rapid technological change; evolving industry standards; emerging competition; and new product introductions. Competitors have existing products and technologies that will compete with our pipeline candidates and technologies and may develop and commercialize additional products and technologies that will compete with our pipeline candidates and technologies. Because competing companies and institutions may have greater financial resources than us, they may be able to provide broader services and product lines; and make greater investments in research and development. Competitors may also have greater development capabilities than we do and have substantially greater experience in undertaking nonclinical and clinical testing of products, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing pharmaceutical products. They may also have greater name recognition and better access to customers. 

We face general market competition from several subsectors of the vaccine development field, including large, multinational pharmaceutical companies including Sanofi, GSK, Merck, Janssen, Mitsubishi Tanabe, Takeda, and Pfizer, Inc.; mid-size pharmaceutical companies and emerging biotechnology companies including Dynavax, Novavax Inc., Moderna, BioNTech, Bavarian Nordic and Hookipa; and academic and not-for-profit vaccine researchers and developers including the NIH. The industry is typified by extensive collaboration, licensing, and merger and acquisition activity despite the intense competition. 

More than forty COVID-19 vaccines are currently authorized for use in one or more countries around the world, including three in the United States (from Pfizer/BioNTech, Moderna, and Janssen). All these vaccines are based on the S protein of the SARS-CoV-2 virus, but rely on different mechanisms for presentation or expression of the S antigen, including whole, inactivated virus, defective adenovirus vectors (three different types) or mRNA. The World Health Organization reports that there are 180 COVID products in clinical development. 

A number of companies are developing various types of therapeutic vaccines or other immunotherapy approaches to treat cancer including Advaxis, Immune Design, Oncothyreon, Bavarian Nordic, Roche Pharmaceuticals, Merck Co, Bristol Myers Squibb, and AstraZeneca plc. 

There are currently no FDA licensed and commercialized Zika vaccines, or hemorrhagic fever virus vaccines (other than for Ebola) available in the world market. We are aware of several development-stage and established enterprises, including major pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms, which are actively engaged in vaccine research and development in these areas. For hemorrhagic fever viruses, these include NewLink Genetics and Merck, Johnson Johnson, Novavax, Inovio and GlaxoSmithKline. For Zika, these include NewLink Genetics, Inovio, Merck, Butantan Institute and NIH (NIAID). In December 2019, the FDA approved the first vaccine (ERVEBO for prevention of Ebola, developed by Merck. 

There are currently no commercialized vaccines to prevent malaria infection. A first-generation infection-blocking malaria vaccine, RTS, S, is under regulatory review. It requires 4 doses and has been recommended by the WHO for pilot implementation studies. Since this vaccine is based on a single antigen and has modest efficacy (30-40 , depending on the age of subjects), the WHO has defined a Road Map for developing and licensing of next generation malaria vaccines. These vaccines are expected to contain multiple antigens designed to block both infection and transmission of malaria with at least a 75 efficacy rate. 

Our Intellectual Property 

Our commercial success depends in part on our ability, and our licensors ability, to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our clinical product candidates, including our Modified Vaccinia Ankara-Virus-Like Particle (MVA-VLP) based vaccines, our in-licensed synthetic MVA Covid-19 vaccine candidate, and our in-licensed Gedeptin gene-directed enzyme prodrug therapy, and methods of treatment using the same. 

We, and in collaboration with our licensors for our in-licensed assets, seek patent protection on each of our product and developmental candidates and, where applicable, on combinations with other therapeutic and/or antigenic agents and dosing schedules. Our success also depends on our ability to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing U.S. patent applications and, where appropriate, foreign patent applications covering our proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We collaborate with our licensors to ensure the filing of U.S. patent applications and, where appropriate, foreign patent applications covering our in-licensed technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. Additionally, we expect to benefit, where appropriate, from statutory frameworks in the United States, Europe, and other countries that provide a period of clinical data exclusivity to compensate for the time required for regulatory approval of our clinical product candidates. 

11

We continually assess and refine our intellectual property strategies as we develop new technologies and product candidates. We plan to file additional patent applications based on our intellectual property strategies where appropriate, including where we seek to improve our basic technology, adapt to competition, or to improve business opportunities. Further, we plan to file patent applications, as we consider appropriate under the circumstances, to protect new technologies that we develop. Our patent filing strategy typically includes seeking patent protection in the United States and, wherein appropriate, in additional countries where we believe such protection is likely to be useful. 

As of December 31, 2022, our owned, co-owned, and in-licensed patent estate, on a worldwide basis, includes 20 granted or allowed U.S. patent applications, 13 pending U.S. patent applications; 53 granted foreign patents, 47 pending foreign patent applications, 1 Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) application, and 2 U.S. provisional applications spread over 23 patent families. The term of individual patents depends upon the laws of the countries in which they are obtained. In the countries in which we currently file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing of a non-provisional patent application which serves as a priority application. In addition, we plan to seek patent term adjustments, restorations, and/or patent term extensions where applicable in the United States and other jurisdictions. For example, depending upon the timing, duration, and specifics of FDA approval of our vaccine products, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for a patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, and codified as 35 U.S.C. 156. 35 U.S.C. 156 permits restoration of the patent term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and FDA regulatory review process. Patent term restoration, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of a Biologics License Application (BLA), plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved vaccine product is eligible for such an extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. A similar kind of patent extension, referred to as a Supplementary Protection Certificate, is available in Europe. Legal frameworks are also available in certain other jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent. We currently intend to seek patent term extensions on any of our, or our exclusively licensed, issued patents in any jurisdiction where we have a qualifying patent and the extension is available; however, there is no guarantee that the applicable regulatory authorities, including the FDA in the United States, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and even if granted, the length of such extensions. Further, even if our patent is extended, the patent, including the extended portion of the patent, may be held invalid or unenforceable by a court of final jurisdiction in the United States or a foreign country. 

Our current patent portfolio includes 4 patent families directed to various aspects of our DNA and MVA-based HIV vaccines, their genetic inserts expressing multiple HIV protein components, composition, structure, claim of immunization against multiple subtypes of HIV, routes of administration, safety and other related factors and methods of therapeutic and prophylactic use thereof including administration regimes. We have in-licensed patents from Emory University and the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH) relevant to our HIV-vaccine program. These patents will expire between 2022 and 2028, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. We wholly own one patent family, including one granted U.S. patent (US 11,098,086), directed to specific vaccine administration methods which, where issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire in 2037, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We wholly own one allowed U.S. patent application directed to preventive vaccines against Ebola virus, and one pending U.S. patent application directed to Marburg virus and uses thereof. These applications, where issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire in 2036, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We wholly own one allowed U.S. patent application directed to preventive vaccines against Zika virus and uses thereof. This application, where issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire in 2037, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We wholly own one granted U.S. patent (U.S. 11,311,612) and one pending U.S. patent application directed to preventive vaccines against malaria and use thereof. These applications, where issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire in 2038, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We wholly own 3 patent families, which includes two granted U.S. patents (U.S. 11,278,607 and U.S. 11,413,341), and granted foreign applications in Australia, China, and Japandirected to our immuno-oncology vaccine compositions and methods of use thereof. An application has been allowed at the European Patent Office. Applications are pending in the United States, Canada, India, China, and Japan. The patent applications of these families, where issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire between 2037-2040, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

12

We wholly own one pending patent family directed to various MVA-based vaccines for the treatment of SARS CoV-2. Applications have been filed in the United States, Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Hong Kong, the European Patent Office, Israel, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, South Africa, and Taiwan. The patent applications in these families, if issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire in 2021, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. We have non-exclusively in-licensed from the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH) 3 patent families directed to certain aspects of our MVA-viral backbone used in our SARS-CoV2 vaccine, which will expire between 2023 and 2032, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. We have non-exclusively in-licensed from the NIH 2 patent families relating to coronavirus spike protein compositions relevant to our MVA SARS-CoV2 vaccine candidates. The patent applications for these families, if issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire between 2037 and 2041, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We wholly own one allowed U.S. application directed to MVA-based vaccines for the treatment of Zika virus. The patent application, if issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire in 2037, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We own one patent family directed to viral constructs for use in enhancing T-cell priming during vaccination. The patent applications in this patent family, if issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire in 2043, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We co-own two patent families with Leidos, Inc. directed to viral constructs for use in enhancing T-cell priming during vaccination. The patent applications in these patent families, if issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire between 2042 and 2043, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We are the exclusive, worldwide licensee of several patents and patent applications, which we refer to as the Emory Technology, owned, licensed or otherwise controlled by Emory University for HIV or smallpox vaccines pursuant to a license agreement originally entered into on August 23, 2002 and restated on June 23, 2004 (the Emory License ). The in-licensed Emory University patents will expire between 2022 and 2028, exclusive of any patent term extensions. Through the Emory License we are also a non-exclusive licensee of four issued United States patents owned by the NIH related to the ability of our MVA vector vaccine to operate as a vehicle to deliver HIV virus antigens, and to induce an immune response in humans. These in-licensed NIH patents will expire in 2023, exclusive of any patent term extensions. 

The MVA backbone that we have been using in our vaccines was provided to us by the laboratory of Dr. Bernard Moss of the NIAID, Laboratory of Viral Diseases (LVD). We have a non-exclusive commercial license to the NIH MVA backbone for our SARS CoV-2 vaccine with the NIAID of the National Institutes of Health NIH on behalf of the United States, which includes the use of certain patents and patent applications arising from the Moss laboratory and the provided materials. We also have a non-exclusive research and development license to use the MVA backbone for our other vaccine candidates. If we later decide to commercialize vaccine candidates that are under the research and development license, we will need to negotiate appropriate commercialization licenses. These in-licensed NIH patents and patent applications, if and where issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire between 2023 and 2032, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We have exclusively in-licensed three patent families from the City of Hope in the field of vaccine products targeted for prevention, reduction, amelioration or treatment of COVID-19 pursuant to an Exclusive License Agreement entered into on November 9, 2021. The in-licensed patent families are directed to synthetic MVA vectors, including synthetic MVA vaccines encoding one or more SARS-CoV-2 antigens, and their methods of production and use, and encompass COH04S1, a multi-antigenic SARS-CoV-2 vaccine currently undergoing Phase 2 human clinical trials. These in-licensed City of Hope patent families, if issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire between 2041 and 2042, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We have exclusively in-licensed two patent families from the University of Alabama and the Southern Research Institute pursuant to an Assignment and License Agreement with PNP Therapeutics, Inc. entered into on September 28, 2021. The two patent families are directed to the use of tail-mutant purine nucleoside phosphorylase enzymes and fludarabine for the treatment of cancer, and cover aspects of the use of our Gedeptin clinical product candidate. These in-licensed patent families, where issued, valid, and enforceable, will expire between 2029 and 2032, exclusive of any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

In November 2022, we executed a Material Transfer Agreement (MTA) with the National Institutes of Health (NIH) for the clinical and commercial use of an unmodified (parental) MVA 1974/NIH Clone I as a vaccine against monkeypox virus. The MTA is royalty-free, non-exclusive, and worldwide. 

13

We cannot be certain that any of the current pending patent applications we have or have licensed, or any new patent applications we may file or license, will ever be issued in the United States or any other country. Even if issued, there can be no assurance that those patents will be sufficiently broad to prevent others from using our products or processes. Furthermore, our patents, as well as those we have licensed or may license in the future, may be held invalid or unenforceable by a court, or third parties could obtain patents that we would need to either license or to design around, which we may be unable to do. Current and future competitors may have licensed or filed patent applications or received patents and may acquire additional patents or proprietary rights relating to products or processes competitive to ours. In addition, any claims relating to the infringement of third-party proprietary rights, or earlier date of invention, even if not meritorious, could result in costly litigation, lengthy governmental proceedings, divert management s attention and resources and require us to enter royalty or license agreements which are not advantageous to us, if available at all. 

We also expect to benefit, where appropriate, from statutory frameworks in the United States, Europe, and other countries that provide a period of regulatory exclusivity to compensate for the time and cost required in securing regulatory approval of our clinical products. For example, in 2010, the United States enacted the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA). Under the BPCIA, innovator manufacturers of biological products may be granted 12 years of exclusive use before biosimilar versions of such products can be licensed for marketing in the U.S. This means that the FDA may not approve an application for a biosimilar version of our products until 12 years after the date the product is approved for sale (with a potential six-month extension of exclusivity if certain pediatric studies are conducted and the results accepted by the FDA), although a biosimilar application may be submitted four years after the date we receive approval from the FDA to sell our product. Additionally, the BPCIA establishes procedures by which potentially relevant patents may be shared and litigation over patents may proceed in advance of approval. The BPCIA also provides incentives to biosimilar applicants by providing a period of exclusivity to the first biosimilar of a product approved by the FDA. The 12-year data exclusivity provision of the BPCIA does not prevent a competitor from seeking marketing approval of one of our products, or a product similar thereto, by submitting its own, original Biologics License Application (BLA). 

We intend to benefit, where applicable, from additional market exclusivity provisions in various jurisdictions that reward the treatments of rare diseases. For example, in the United States under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a vaccine product intended to prevent or treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years from the date of such approval, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by means of greater effectiveness, greater safety, or providing a major contribution to patient care, or in instances of drug supply issues. Competitors, however, may receive approval of either a different product for the same indication or the same product for a different indication; in the latter case, because health care professionals are free to prescribe products for off-label uses, the competitor s product could be used for the orphan indication despite our orphan exclusivity. 

We are not a party to any litigation, opposition, interference, or other potentially adverse proceeding with regard to our patent positions. However, if we become involved in litigation, interference proceedings, oppositions or other intellectual property proceedings, for example as a result of an alleged infringement or a third-party alleging an earlier date of invention, we may have to spend significant amounts of money and time and, in the event of an adverse ruling, we could be subject to liability for damages, invalidation of our intellectual property and injunctive relief that could prevent us from using technologies or developing products, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial conditions or results of operations. In addition, any claims relating to the infringement of third-party proprietary rights, or earlier date of invention, even if not meritorious, could result in costly litigation, lengthy governmental proceedings, divert management s attention and resources and require us to enter royalty or license agreements which are not advantageous if available at all. 

In addition to patents, we rely upon unpatented, proprietary trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, using confidentiality agreements with our commercial partners, collaborators, employees, and consultants, and invention assignment agreements with our employees. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of the invention assignment agreements, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with a third party. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our commercial partners, collaborators, employees, and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 

14

License Agreements 

City of Hope License On November 9, 2021, we entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (COH License) with City of Hope (COH), a California nonprofit public benefit corporation, under which the Company obtained exclusive worldwide rights to further develop and commercialize COH04S1, a multi-antigenic SARS-CoV-2 vaccine currently undergoing Phase 2 human clinical trials. The COH License grants GeoVax exclusive rights to key patents, know-how, regulatory filings and clinical materials for use against COVID-19. The terms of the COH License, include an upfront fee consisting of an initial payment to COH of 5,000,000 within 30 days of the effective date of the COH License, and additional payments of 3,000,000 and 2,000,000 on the first and second anniversaries, respectively, of the effective date of the COH License. The terms also include milestone payments due upon the achievement of selected development, regulatory and sales events. The Company will also pay COH an annual royalty on net sales of products covered by the patents licensed from COH on a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis, subject to specified reductions. 

Gedeptin License On September 28, 2021, we entered into an Assignment and License Agreement (the Gedeptin License with PNP Therapeutics, Inc. PNP under which the Company obtained exclusive worldwide rights to key intellectual property, including Gedeptin patents, know-how, regulatory filings, clinical materials, and trademarks. The Gedeptin patent portfolio was originally licensed from the University of Alabama at Birmingham UAB and Southern Research Institute SRI by PNP. Under the terms of the Gedeptin License, the Company is the successor to PNP under the Exclusive License Agreement between UAB, SRI and PNP, and has acquired the exclusive rights to develop and commercialize Gedeptin, a novel patented product for the treatment of solid tumors. 

The terms of the Gedeptin License, include (i) an upfront payment at closing, (ii) milestone payments due upon the achievement of selected development and regulatory events, and (iii) quarterly support payments for the lesser period of three years or the Company s filing for FDA approval of its Biologics License Application on the use of Gedeptin for the treatment of head and neck cancer in humans. The Company will also pay tiered percentage annual royalties in the low-to-mid teens on Net Sales (as defined in the Gedeptin License) of products covered under the Gedeptin License on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis, subject to specified reductions. The Company also issued a warrant to PNP, exercisable at any time following March 28, 2022, and prior to September 28, 2026, for up to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 13.00 per share. The Gedeptin License will remain in effect during the original term, which concludes upon FDA approval of a generic or biosimilar product, and then will automatically renew for 5-year additional terms, subject to customary termination rights. 

NIH Licenses On December 16, 2022, the Company entered into a Clinical Materials Transfer Agreement (MVA Vaccine Agreement) under which the Company has the right to develop and commercialize the unmodified (parental) MVA 1974/NTH Clone l strain as a vaccine against MPOX and SPOX. 

On November 25, 2020, the Company entered into a Patent and Biological Materials License Agreement for Internal Research Use (the Research License with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), as represented by NIAID, in support of the Company s non-clinical development of vaccines against numerous pathogens. The Research License allows GeoVax to use these materials and patent rights owned by agencies of the HHS in combination with the Company s proprietary technology for the creation of preventive and/or therapeutic Modified Vaccinia Ankara Virus-Virus Like Particle (MVA-VLP) vaccines against Ebola-Zaire virus, Ebola-Sudan virus, Lassa virus, Marburg virus, Zika virus and malaria. The agreement also extends to the Company s research and development efforts in certain oncology areas. The agreement provides GeoVax with nonexclusive rights for the nonclinical development and manufacturing of its vaccine and immunotherapy candidates using HHS patents and materials. 

On October 22, 2020, the Company entered into a Patent and Biological Materials License Agreement (the COVID License with HHS, as represented by NIAID, in support of the Company s development of a vaccine against SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. The COVID License allows GeoVax to use these materials and patent rights owned by agencies of the HHS in combination with the Company s proprietary technology for the creation of a preventive Modified Vaccinia Ankara Virus-Virus Like Particle (MVA-VLP) vaccine that primes and/or boosts the immune system against COVID-19. The COVID License provides GeoVax with nonexclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize its COVID-19 vaccine and includes access to NIAID s patent rights in the stabilized SPIKE protein, which is the protein that SARS-CoV-2 uses to gain entry into human tissue. 

15

Research and Development 

Our expenditures for research and development activities were 9.1 million and 15.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As our vaccines continue to go through the process to obtain regulatory approval, we expect our research and development costs to increase. We have not yet formulated any plans for marketing and sales of any vaccine candidate we may successfully develop. Compliance with environmental protection laws and regulations has not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position to date. 

Scientific Advisors 

We seek advice from our Scientific Advisory Board, which consists of a number of leading scientists, on scientific and medical matters. The current members of our Scientific Advisory Board are: 

Name 

Position/Institutional Affiliation 

Harriet L. Robinson, PhD. 

Chief Scientific Officer Emeritus, GeoVax 

Stanley A. Plotkin, MD 

Professor Emeritus, University of Pennsylvania, Adjunct Professor, Johns Hopkins University 

Barney S. Graham, MD, PhD 

Senior Investigator (retired), Vaccine Research Center, NIAID 

Scott C. Weaver, PhD 

Director, University of Texas Medical Branch Institute for Human Infections and Immunity 

Olivera J. Finn, PhD 

Distinguished Professor of Immunology and Surgery, University of Pittsburgh 

Properties 

Our principal executive offices are located in Smyrna, Georgia, where we lease approximately 8,400 square feet of office and laboratory space. Our lease for the premises is currently scheduled to terminate on December 31, 2025. We do not currently own any real property. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our immediate needs, but that if we require additional space, we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 

Human Capital Resources 

We currently have fourteen full-time employees. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements and we believe that our employee relations are good. We also engage consultants and independent contractors to fulfill key roles and/or provide expert services on both an ongoing and short-term basis. 

We believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. We provide our employees with competitive compensation, opportunity for equity ownership, and a robust employment package that promotes wellness across all aspects of their lives, including healthcare, retirement planning, and paid time off. 

Corporate Background 

Our primary business is conducted by our wholly owned subsidiary, GeoVax, Inc., which was incorporated under the laws of Georgia in June 2001. Our address is 1900 Lake Park Drive, Smyrna, Georgia 30080, and our telephone number at that address is 678-384-7220. The predecessor of our parent company, GeoVax Labs, Inc. (the reporting entity) was originally incorporated in June 1988 under the laws of Illinois as Dauphin Technology, Inc. Dauphin ). In September 2006, Dauphin completed a merger with GeoVax, Inc. As a result of the merger, GeoVax, Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary of Dauphin, and Dauphin changed its name to GeoVax Labs, Inc. In June 2008, the Company was reincorporated under the laws of Delaware. We currently do not conduct any business other than GeoVax, Inc. s business of developing new products for the treatment or prevention of human diseases. Our principal offices are in Smyrna, Georgia (metropolitan Atlanta). 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.geovax.com. We make our SEC filings, such as proxy statements, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports available on this website under Investors SEC Reports, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials to the SEC. We also make available our Code of Business Conduct on this website under the heading Investors Corporate Governance . Information contained on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report. 

16

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

Ownership of our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully review and consider the risks, uncertainties and other factors described below before you decide whether to own our securities. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects and could negatively impact the market price of our common stock, and you may lose some or all of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our business operations. You should also refer to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, discussed in more detail in the following section. These risks include, among others, the following key risks: 

Risks Related to Our Business and Capital Requirements 

We have a history of operating losses, and we expect losses to continue for the foreseeable future. 

We have received a going concern opinion from our auditors. 

Our business will require continued funding. If we do not receive adequate funding, we may not be able to continue our operations. 

Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security systems could adversely affect our business. 

Our business could be adversely affected by widespread public health epidemics or other catastrophic events beyond our control. 

Risks Related to Development and Commercialization of Product Candidates and Dependence on Third Parties 

Our products are still being developed and are unproven. These products may not be successful. 

We depend upon key personnel who may terminate their employment with us at any time. If we were to lose the services of any of these individuals, our business and operations may be adversely affected. 

Regulatory and legal uncertainties could result in significant costs or otherwise harm our business. 

We face intense competition and rapid technological change that could result in products that are superior to, or earlier to the market than, the products we will be commercializing or developing. 

Our product candidates are based on new medical technology and, consequently, are inherently risky. Concerns about the safety and efficacy of our products could limit our future success. 

We may experience delays in our clinical trials that could adversely affect our financial results and our commercial prospects. 

Failure to obtain timely regulatory approvals required to exploit the commercial potential of our products could increase our future development costs or impair our future sales. 

State pharmaceutical marketing compliance and reporting requirements may expose us to regulatory and legal action by state governments or other government authorities. 

Changes in healthcare law and implementing regulations, as well as changes in healthcare policy, may impact our business in ways that we cannot currently predict, and may have a significant adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We may not be successful in establishing collaborations for product candidates we seek to commercialize, which could adversely affect our ability to discover, develop, and commercialize products. 

We do not have manufacturing, sales or marketing experience. 

Our products under development may not gain market acceptance. 

We may be required to defend lawsuits or pay damages for product liability claims. 

Reimbursement decisions by third-party payors may have an adverse effect on pricing and market acceptance. If there is not sufficient reimbursement for our products, it is less likely that they will be widely used. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Our success depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies. 

We could lose our license rights to our important intellectual property if we do not fulfill our contractual obligations to our licensors. 

Other parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property or proprietary rights, which could cause us to incur significant expenses or prevent us from selling products. 

17

Any inability to protect our or our licensors intellectual property rights in the United States and foreign countries could limit our ability to prevent others from manufacturing or selling our products. 

Changes in United States patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 

The patent protection and patent prosecution for our product candidates is dependent in part on third parties. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The market price of our common stock is highly volatile. 

The sale or issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation which authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock may make it more difficult for a third party to effect a change in control. 

We have never paid dividends and have no plans to do so. 

Public company compliance may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain officers and directors. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of our stockholders. 

Broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock if we are considered to be a penny stock and thus subject to the penny stock rules. 

We may be delisted from the Nasdaq Stock Market 

Risks Related to Our Business and Capital Requirements 

We have a history of operating losses, and we expect losses to continue for the foreseeable future. 

As a research and development-focused company, we have had no product revenue to date and revenues from our government grants and other collaborations have not generated sufficient cash flows to cover operating expenses. Since our inception, we have incurred operating losses each year due to costs incurred in connection with research and development activities and general and administrative expenses associated with our operations. We incurred a net loss of approximately 14 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect to incur additional operating losses and expect cumulative losses to increase as our research and development, preclinical, clinical, and manufacturing efforts expand. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability to successfully complete the development of our product candidates, conduct preclinical tests and clinical trials, obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, and manufacture and market or otherwise commercialize our products. Unless we are able to successfully meet these challenges, we will not be profitable and may not remain in business. 

We have received a going concern opinion from our auditors. 

We have received a "going concern" opinion from our independent registered public accounting firm, reflecting substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements contemplate that we will continue as a going concern and do not contain any adjustments that might result if we were unable to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital and implement our business plan. If we are unable to achieve or sustain profitability or to secure additional financing on acceptable terms, we may not be able to meet our obligations as they come due, raising substantial doubts as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Any such inability to continue as a going concern may result in our stockholders losing their entire investment. There is no guarantee that we will become profitable or secure additional financing on acceptable terms. 

Our business will require continued funding. If we do not receive adequate funding, we may not be able to continue our operations. 

To date, we have financed our operations principally through the sale of our equity securities and through government grants and clinical trial support. We will require substantial additional financing at various intervals for our operations, including clinical trials, operating expenses, intellectual property protection and enforcement, for pursuit of regulatory approvals, and for establishing or contracting out manufacturing, marketing and sales functions. There is no assurance that such additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are not able to secure the significant funding that is required to maintain and continue our operations at current levels, or at levels that may be required in the future, we may be required to delay clinical studies or clinical trials, curtail operations, or obtain funds through collaborative arrangements that may require us to relinquish rights to some of our products or potential markets. 

We may pursue additional support from the federal government for our vaccine and immunotherapy development programs; however, as we progress to the later stages of our development activities, government financial support may be more difficult to obtain, or may not be available at all. Therefore, it will be necessary for us to look to other sources of funding to finance our development activities. 

18

We expect that our current working capital will be sufficient to support our planned level of operations into the fourth quarter of 2023. We will need to raise additional funds to significantly advance our vaccine development programs and to continue our operations. In order to meet our operating cash flow needs we plan to seek sources of non-dilutive capital through government grant programs and clinical trial support. We may also plan additional offerings of our equity securities, debt, or convertible debt instruments. Should the financing we require to sustain our working capital needs be unavailable or prohibitively expensive when we require it, the consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 

Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security systems could adversely affect our business. 

We rely upon a combination of information technology systems and traditional recordkeeping to operate our business. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, and transmit confidential information (including, but not limited to, personal information and intellectual property). We have also outsourced elements of our operations to third parties, including elements of our information technology systems and, as a result, we manage a number of independent vendor relationships with third parties who may or could have access to our confidential information. Our information technology and information security systems and records are potentially vulnerable to security breaches, service interruptions, or data loss from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors. Our information technology and information security systems and records are also potentially vulnerable to malicious attacks by third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives (including, but not limited to, financial crime, industrial espionage, and market manipulation). 

While we have invested, and continue to invest, a portion of our limited funds in our information technology and information security systems, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent security breaches, service interruptions, or data losses. Any security breaches, service interruptions, or data losses could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us or allow third parties to gain material, inside information that they may use to trade in our securities. 

Our business could be adversely affected by widespread public health epidemics or other catastrophic events beyond our control. 

In addition to our reliance on our own employees and facilities, we depend on our collaborators, laboratories and other facilities for the continued operation of our business. Despite any precautions we take, public health epidemics, such as COVID-19, or other catastrophic events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, hurricanes, fire, floods and ice and snowstorms, may result in interruptions in our business. 

Risks Related to Development and Commercialization of Product Candidates and Dependence on Third Parties 

Our products are still being developed and are unproven. These products may not be successful. 

To become profitable, we must generate revenue through sales of our products. However, our products are in varying stages of development and testing. Our products have not been proven in human clinical trials and have not been approved by any government agency for sale. If we cannot successfully develop and prove our products and processes, or if we do not develop other sources of revenue, we will not become profitable and at some point, we would discontinue operations. 

We depend upon key personnel who may terminate their employment with us at any time. If we were to lose the services of any of these individuals, our business and operations may be adversely affected. 

The success of our business strategy will depend to a significant degree upon the continued services of key management, technical and scientific personnel and our ability to attract and retain additional qualified personnel and managers. Competition for qualified personnel is intense among companies, academic institutions and other organizations. The ability to attract and retain personnel is adversely affected by our financial challenges. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel and advisors, it may negatively affect our ability to successfully develop, test, commercialize and market our products and product candidates. 

19

Regulatory and legal uncertainties could result in significant costs or otherwise harm our business. 

To manufacture and sell our products, we must comply with extensive domestic and international regulation. In order to sell our products in the United States, approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA is required. Satisfaction of regulatory requirements, including FDA requirements, typically takes many years, and if approval is obtained at all, it is dependent upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product, and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. We cannot predict whether our products will be approved by the FDA. Even if they are approved, we cannot predict the time frame for approval. Foreign regulatory requirements differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may, in some cases, be more stringent or difficult to meet than FDA requirements. As with the FDA, we cannot predict if or when we may obtain these regulatory approvals. If we cannot demonstrate that our products can be used safely and successfully in a broad segment of the patient population on a long-term basis, our products would likely be denied approval by the FDA and the regulatory agencies of foreign governments. 

We face intense competition and rapid technological change that could result in products that are superior to, or earlier to the market than, the products we will be commercializing or developing. 

The market for vaccines that protect against or treat human infectious diseases is intensely competitive and is subject to rapid and significant technological change. We have numerous competitors in the United States and abroad, including, among others, large companies with substantially greater resources than us. If any of our competitors develop products with efficacy or safety profiles significantly better than our products, we may not be able to commercialize our products, and sales of any of our commercialized products could be harmed. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have substantially greater product development capabilities and financial, scientific, marketing and human resources than we do. Competitors may develop products earlier, obtain FDA approvals for products more rapidly, or develop products that are more effective than those under development by us. We will seek to expand our technological capabilities to remain competitive; however, research and development by others may render our technologies or products obsolete or noncompetitive or result in treatments or cures superior to ours. 

Our product candidates are based on new medical technology and, consequently, are inherently risky. Concerns about the safety and efficacy of our products could limit our future success. 

We are subject to the risks of failure inherent in the development of product candidates based on new medical technologies. These risks include the possibility that the products we create will not be effective, that our product candidates will be unsafe or otherwise fail to receive the necessary regulatory approvals, and that our product candidates will be difficult to manufacture on a large scale or will be uneconomical to market. 

Many pharmaceutical products cause multiple potential complications and side effects, not all of which can be predicted with accuracy and many of which may vary from patient to patient. Long term follow-up data may reveal previously unidentified complications associated with our products. The responses of potential physicians and others to information about complications could materially adversely affect the market acceptance of our products, which in turn would materially harm our business. 

We may experience delays in our clinical trials that could adversely affect our financial results and our commercial prospects. 

We do not know whether planned pre-clinical and clinical trials will begin on time or whether we will complete any of our trials on schedule, if at all. Product development costs will increase if we have delays in testing or approvals, or if we need to perform more or larger clinical trials than planned. Significant delays may adversely affect our financial results and the commercial prospects for our products and delay our ability to become profitable. 

We rely heavily on independent clinical investigators, vaccine manufacturers, and other third-party service providers for successful execution of our clinical trials, but do not control many aspects of their activities. We are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with standards, commonly referred to as Good Clinical Practices, for conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Our reliance on third parties that we do not control does not relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements. Third parties may not complete activities on schedule or may not conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols. The failure of these third parties to carry out their obligations could delay or prevent the development, approval and commercialization of our product candidates. 

20

Failure to obtain timely regulatory approvals required to exploit the commercial potential of our products could increase our future development costs or impair our future sales. 

None of our vaccines are approved by the FDA for sale in the United States or by other regulatory authorities for sale in foreign countries. To exploit the commercial potential of our technologies, we are conducting and planning to conduct additional pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. This process is expensive and can require a significant amount of time. Failure can occur at any stage of testing, even if the results are favorable. Failure to adequately demonstrate safety and efficacy in clinical trials could delay or preclude regulatory approval and restrict our ability to commercialize our technology or products. Any such failure may severely harm our business. In addition, any approvals we obtain may not cover all of the clinical indications for which approval is sought or may contain significant limitations in the form of narrow indications, warnings, precautions or contraindications with respect to conditions of use, or in the form of onerous risk management plans, restrictions on distribution, or post-approval study requirements. 

State pharmaceutical marketing compliance and reporting requirements may expose us to regulatory and legal action by state governments or other government authorities. 

Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to establish marketing compliance programs and file periodic reports on sales, marketing, pricing and other activities. Similar legislation is being considered in other states. Many of these requirements are new and uncertain, and available guidance is limited. Unless we are in full compliance with these laws, we could face enforcement action, fines, and other penalties and could receive adverse publicity, all of which could harm our business. 

Changes in healthcare law and implementing regulations, as well as changes in healthcare policy, may impact our business in ways that we cannot currently predict, and may have a significant adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In the United States and foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, including in the European Union, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 

There has also been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products. There have been several Congressional inquiries and proposed bills, as well as state efforts, designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. In June 2017, the FDA issued a Drug Competition Action plan intended to lower prescription drug prices by encouraging competition from generic versions of existing products. In July 2018, the FDA issued a Biosimilar Action Plan, intended to similarly promote competition to prescription biologics from biosimilars. In August 2020, the Inflation Reduction Act included provisions to increase Medicare s ability to negotiate prescription drug prices. 

Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures. For example, in September 2017, the California State Assembly approved SB17, which requires pharmaceutical companies to notify health insurers and government health plans at least 60 days before any scheduled increases in the prices of their products if they exceed 16 over a two-year period, and further requiring pharmaceutical companies to explain the reasons for such increase and, effective in 2016, Vermont passed a law requiring certain manufacturers identified by the state to justify their price increases. 

We expect that these, and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and lower reimbursement, and in downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our drugs, once marketing approval is obtained. 

21

We may not be successful in establishing collaborations for product candidates we seek to commercialize, which could adversely affect our ability to discover, develop, and commercialize products. 

We expect to seek collaborations for the development and commercialization of product candidates in the future. The timing and terms of any collaboration will depend on the evaluation by prospective collaborators of the clinical trial results and other aspects of a product s safety and efficacy profile. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators for any product candidate, we will be forced to fund the entire development and commercialization of such product candidates, ourselves, and we may not have the resources to do so. If resource constraints require us to enter into a collaboration agreement early in the development of a product candidate, we may be forced to accept a more limited share of any revenues the product may eventually generate. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Moreover, these collaboration arrangements are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish collaborations or other alternative arrangements for any product candidate. Even if we are successful in establishing collaborations, we may not be able to ensure fulfillment by collaborators of their obligations or our expectations. 

We do not have manufacturing, sales or marketing experience. 

We do not have experience in manufacturing, selling, or marketing. To obtain the expertise necessary to successfully manufacture, market, and sell our products, we must develop our own commercial infrastructure and/or collaborative commercial arrangements and partnerships. Our ability to execute our current operating plan is dependent on numerous factors, including, the performance of third-party collaborators with whom we may contract. 

Our products under development may not gain market acceptance. 

Our products may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payers and the medical community. Significant factors in determining whether we will be able to compete successfully include: 

the efficacy and safety of our products; 

the time and scope of regulatory approval; 

reimbursement coverage from Medicare, Medicaid, insurance companies and others; 

the price and cost-effectiveness of our products, especially as compared to any competitive products; and 

the ability to maintain patent protection; and 

the market demand is not readily known. 

We may be required to defend lawsuits or pay damages for product liability claims. 

Product liability is a major risk in testing and marketing biotechnology and pharmaceutical products. We may face substantial product liability exposure in human clinical trials and for products that we sell after regulatory approval. We carry product liability insurance and we expect to continue such policies. However, product liability claims, regardless of their merits, could exceed policy limits, divert management s attention, and adversely affect our reputation and demand for our products. 

Reimbursement decisions by third-party payors may have an adverse effect on pricing and market acceptance. If there is not sufficient reimbursement for our products, it is less likely that they will be widely used. 

Market acceptance of products we develop, if approved, will depend on reimbursement policies and may be affected by, among other things, future healthcare reform measures. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs they will cover and establish payment levels. We cannot be certain that reimbursement will be available for any products that we may develop. Also, we cannot be certain that reimbursement policies will not reduce the demand for, or the price paid for our products. If reimbursement is not available or is available on a limited basis, we may not be able to successfully commercialize products that we develop. 

22

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Our success depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies 

In general, our commercial success will depend in part on our and our licensors ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary technologies, including patent protection and trade secret protection for our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses as well as our ability to operate without infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others. If we or our licensors are unable to obtain, maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property rights or if our intellectual property rights are inadequate for our technology or our product candidates, our competitive position could be harmed, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial conditions, and prospects. There can be no assurance that our patent applications will result in patents being issued or that issued patents will afford sufficient protection against competitors with similar technologies, nor can there be any assurance that the patents if issued will not be infringed, misappropriated, violated, designed around or invalidated by third parties. Even issued patents may later be found invalid or unenforceable or may be modified or revoked in proceedings instituted by third parties before various patent offices or in courts. The degree of future protection for our intellectual property is uncertain. Only limited protection may be available and may not adequately obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. These uncertainties and/or limitations in our ability to properly obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce the intellectual property rights relating to our product candidates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We cannot be certain that the claims in our in-licensed pending patent applications will be considered patentable by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, courts in the United States or by the patent offices and courts in foreign countries, nor can we be certain that claims that may ultimately issue from our patent applications will not be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. If we or our licensors are unable to obtain or maintain patent protection with respect to our product candidates, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed. 

We could lose our license rights to our important intellectual property if we do not fulfill our contractual obligations to our licensors. 

Our rights to significant parts of the technology we use in our products are licensed from third parties and are subject to termination if we do not fulfill our contractual obligations to our licensors. Termination of intellectual property rights under any of our license agreements could adversely impact our ability to produce or protect our products. Our obligations under our license agreements include requirements that we make milestone payments to our licensors upon the achievement of clinical development and regulatory approval milestones, royalties as we sell commercial products, and reimbursement of patent filing and maintenance expenses. Should we become bankrupt or otherwise unable to fulfill our contractual obligations, our licensors could terminate our rights to critical technology that we rely upon. 

Other parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property or proprietary rights, which could cause us to incur significant expenses or prevent us from selling products 

Our success will depend in part on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. The manufacture, use and sale of biologic products have been subject to substantial patent litigation in the biopharmaceutical industry. Such lawsuits often relate to the validity or infringement of patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. Pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, universities, research institutions or other third parties may have filed patent applications or may have been granted patents that cover aspects of our products or our licensors products, product candidates or other technologies. 

Future or existing patents issued to third parties may contain patent claims that cover our products or their use or manufacture. In particular, the patent landscape in the COVID-19 vaccine space is crowded, and a large number of patent applications have been filed by numerous entities since January 2020, including for the use of certain SARS-CoV-2 antigens and antigenic combinations, including from Moderna, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Sementis LTD., VaxBio, Inc., Oxford University, BioNTech, Ichan School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Diosynvax LTD., The University of Alberta, and Tonix Pharmaceuticals. We expect to be subject to infringement claims from time to time in the ordinary course of business, and third parties could assert infringement claims against us in the future with respect to our current products or with respect to products that we may develop or license. Litigation or interference proceedings could force us to: 

stop or delay selling, manufacturing or using products that incorporate, or are made using the challenged intellectual property; 

pay damages; or 

enter into licensing or royalty agreements that may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Any litigation or interference proceedings, regardless of their outcome, would likely delay the regulatory approval process, be costly and require significant time and attention of our key management and technical personnel. 

23

Any inability to protect our or our licensors intellectual property rights in the United States and foreign countries could limit our ability to prevent others from manufacturing or selling our products. 

We will rely on trade secrets, unpatented proprietary know-how, continuing technological innovation and, in some cases, patent protection to preserve our competitive position. Our patents and licensed patent rights may be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented, and the rights granted in those patents may not provide proprietary protection or competitive advantages to us. We and our licensors may not be able to develop patentable products with acceptable patent protection. Even if patent claims are allowed, the claims may not issue, or in the event of issuance, may not be sufficient to protect the technology owned by or licensed to us. If patents containing competitive or conflicting claims are issued to third parties, we may be prevented from commercializing the products covered by such patents or may be required to obtain or develop alternate technology. In addition, other parties may duplicate, design around or independently develop similar or alternative technologies. 

Some of our patent families and our in-licensed patent families are in an early stage of prosecution and cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless, and until, patents are issued from such applications, and then only to the extent the issued claims cover the third-party technology. There can be no assurance that our patent applications will result in patents being issued or that issued patents will afford sufficient protection against competitors with similar technologies. There can be no assurance that the patents if issued will not be infringed, misappropriated, violated, designed around or invalidated by third parties. Even issued patents may later be found invalid or unenforceable or may be modified or revoked in proceedings instituted by third parties before various patent offices or in courts. The degree of future protection for our intellectual property is uncertain. Only limited protection may be available and may not adequately obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. These uncertainties and/or limitations in our ability to properly obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce the intellectual property rights relating to our product candidates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing or using our intellectual property, and the parties from whom we may license intellectual property may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing or using the licensed intellectual property. We generally attempt to control and limit access to, and the distribution of, our product documentation and other proprietary information. Despite efforts to protect this proprietary information, unauthorized parties may obtain and use information that we may regard as proprietary. Other parties may independently develop similar know-how or may even obtain access to these technologies. 

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary information to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many companies have encountered significant problems and costs in protecting their proprietary information in these foreign countries. 

Furthermore, even if our or our licensors patent applications are granted, the patent term may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest United States non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates have been or are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing, and regulatory review of product candidates, patents protecting our product candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to ours. 

Changes in United States patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 

As is the case with other biotechnology companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing biotechnology patents is costly, time-consuming, and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or in the interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property and may increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. We cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third-party patents. In addition, Congress or other foreign legislative bodies may pass patent reform legislation that is unfavorable to us. 

24

For example, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, signed into law on September 16, 2011, includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and provide more efficient and cost-effective avenues for competitors to challenge the validity of patents. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review, and derivation proceedings. Further, because of a lower evidentiary standard in these USPTO post-grant proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. Thus, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation can increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith Act, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that the other statutory requirements are met, the first inventor to file a patent application is entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third-party was the first to invent the claimed invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO after March 2013, but before we file an application covering the same invention, could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by such third party. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to either (i) file any patent application related to our product candidates and other proprietary technologies we may develop or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our or our licensor s patents or patent applications. Even where we have a valid and enforceable patent, we may not be able to exclude others from practicing the claimed invention where the other party can show that they used the invention in commerce before our filing date or the other party benefits from a compulsory license. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

In addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of biologics and pharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain. Recent United States Supreme Court and Federal Circuit rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. For example, recent Federal Circuit rulings such as Ariad Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly Co ., 598 F.3d 1336, 1340 (Fed. Cir. 2010) (en banc), Wyeth Cordis Corp. v. Abbott Labs , 720 F.3d 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2013), Enzo Life Scis., Inc. v. Roche Molecular Sys., 928 F.3d 1340 (Fed. Cir. 2019), and Idenix Pharms. LLC v. Gilead Scis. Inc ., 941 F.3d 1149 (Fed. Cir. 2019), and Amgen Inc. v. Sanofi , 987 F.3d 1080 (Fed. Cir. 2021) have significantly heightened the standard for securing broad claims to pharmaceutical and biological products. 

In addition to heightened patentability requirements, recent Supreme Court and Federal Circuit cases relating to biosimilar product approval under the BPCIA, have held that the patent dance provisions of the statute, which are intended to resolve any patent infringement issues before the approval of a biosimilar, are discretionary, and a biosimilar applicant can opt out by refusing to provide a copy of its application and manufacturing information to the biologic sponsor (see Sandoz Inc. v. Amgen Inc .,137 S. Ct. 1664 (2017). It may be that we do not learn of a biosimilar application until after FDA publishes its approval (see Immunex v. Samsung Bioepsis , 2:19-cv-117555-CCC-MF (D.N.J. Apr. 30, 2019). In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by Congress, the United States federal courts, the USPTO, or similar authorities in foreign jurisdictions, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents we might obtain in the future. 

The patent protection and patent prosecution for our product candidates is dependent in part on third parties. 

We or our licensors may fail to identify patentable aspects of inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection on them. Therefore, we may miss potential opportunities to strengthen our patent position. It is possible that defects of form in the preparation or filing of our patents or patent applications may exist, or may arise in the future, for example, with respect to proper priority claims, inventorship, claim scope, or requests for patent term adjustments. If we or our licensors, fail to establish, maintain, or protect such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If our licensors are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance, or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. If there are material defects in the form, preparation, prosecution, or enforcement of our patents or patent applications, such patents may be invalid and/or unenforceable, and such applications may never result in valid, enforceable patents. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 

25

We rely on third parties to file and prosecute patent applications and maintain patents and otherwise protect the licensed intellectual property under some of our license agreements. We have not had and do not have primary control over these activities for our patents or patent applications and other intellectual property rights. We cannot be certain that such activities by third parties have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents or other intellectual property rights. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreements with some of our licensors, the licensors may have the right to control enforcement of our licensed patents or defense of any claims asserting the invalidity of these patents and even if we are permitted to pursue such enforcement or defense, we will require the cooperation of our licensors. We cannot be certain that our licensors will allocate sufficient resources or prioritize their or our enforcement of such patents or defense of such claims to protect our interests in the licensed patents. Even if we are not a party to these legal actions, an adverse outcome could harm our business because it might prevent us from continuing to license intellectual property that we may need to operate our business. If any of our licensors fail to appropriately prosecute and maintain patent protection for patents covering our product candidates, our ability to develop and commercialize those product candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using, and selling competing products. 

In addition, even where we have the right to control patent prosecution of patents and patent applications we have acquired or licensed from third parties, we may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of our predecessors or licensors and their counsel that took place prior to us assuming control over patent prosecution. 

Our technology acquired or licensed from various third parties may be subject to retained rights. Our predecessors or licensors often retain certain rights under their agreements with us, including the right to use the underlying technology for non-commercial academic and research use, to publish general scientific findings from research related to the technology, and to make customary scientific and scholarly disclosures of information relating to the technology. It is difficult to monitor whether our predecessors or licensors limit their use of the technology to these uses, and we could incur substantial expenses to enforce our rights to our licensed technology in the event of misuse. 

In addition, the research resulting in certain of our in-licensed patent rights and technology was funded in part by the United States government. As a result, the government may have certain rights, or march-in rights, to such patent rights and technology. When new technologies are developed with government funding, the government generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a nonexclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for noncommercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The United States government also has the right to take title to these inventions if the applicable licensor fails to disclose the invention to the government or fails to file an application to register the intellectual property within specified time limits. The government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to United States industry. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the United States. Any exercise by the government of such rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The market price of our common stock is highly volatile. 

The market price of our common stock has been, and is expected to continue to be, highly volatile. Certain factors, including announcements of new developments by us or other companies, regulatory matters, new or existing medicines or procedures, concerns about our financial position, operating results, litigation, government regulation, developments or disputes relating to agreements, patents or proprietary rights, may have a significant impact on the market price of our stock. In addition, potential dilutive effects of future sales of shares of common stock by us, and subsequent sales of common stock by the holders of our options and warrants could have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares. 

In addition, the securities markets from time-to-time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

26

The sale or issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 

In order to meet our operating cash flow needs, we may plan additional offerings of our equity securities, debt, or convertible debt instruments. The sale of additional equity securities could result in significant additional dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness could result in debt service obligations and operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. We cannot assure investors that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

We are obligated to issue additional shares of our common stock in connection with our outstanding warrants if the warrant holders choose to exercise them. There are warrants exercisable for approximately13.4 million shares at exercise prices ranging from 1.65 to 13.00 per share. The exercise of these warrants will cause us to issue additional shares of our common stock and will dilute the percentage ownership of our shareholders. 

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation which authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock may make it more difficult for a third party to effect a change in control. 

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The shares of preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by our Board of Directors without further action by the stockholders. These terms may include voting rights, including the right to vote as a series on particular matters, preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion rights, redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of any newly issued preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock, and therefore could reduce the value of our common stock. In addition, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell assets to, a third party. The ability of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock could make it more difficult, delay, discourage, prevent or make it costlier to acquire or effect a change-in-control, which in turn could prevent the stockholders from recognizing a gain in the event that a favorable offer is extended and could materially and negatively affect the market price of our common stock. 

We have never paid dividends and have no plans to do so. 

Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors. To date, we have paid no cash dividends on our shares of common stock and we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to provide funds for operations of our business. Therefore, any potential return investors may have in our common stock will be in the form of appreciation, if any, in the market value of their shares of common stock. 

Public company compliance may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain officers and directors. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the JOBS Act, the FAST Act, and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company, we expect these rules and regulations, and amendments to them, to contribute to our compliance costs and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly. As a public company, we also expect that these rules and regulations may make it difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of our stockholders. 

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a corporation s certificate of incorporation may be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, and a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote as a class, unless the articles require the vote of a larger percentage of shares. Our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, does not require the vote of a larger percentage of shares. As permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our Bylaws give our board of directors the power to adopt, amend, or repeal our Bylaws. Our stockholders entitled to vote have concurrent power to adopt, amend, or repeal our Bylaws. 

27

Broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock if we are considered to be a penny stock and thus subject to the penny stock rules. 

The SEC has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stocks that restrict transactions involving stock which is deemed to be penny stock. Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. These rules may have the effect of reducing the liquidity of penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 per share (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on Nasdaq if current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). Our securities have in the past constituted, and may again in the future, if we are delisted from Nasdaq, constitute, penny stock within the meaning of the rules. The additional sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon U.S. broker-dealers may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of such shares and impede their sale in the secondary market. 

A U.S. broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor (generally, an individual with net worth in excess of 1,000,000 (exclusive of personal residence) or an annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with his or her spouse) must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. In addition, the penny stock regulations require the U.S. broker-dealer to deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock , a disclosure schedule prepared in accordance with SEC standards relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. A U.S. broker-dealer is also required to disclose commissions payable to the U.S. broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, a U.S. broker-dealer is required to submit monthly statements disclosing recent price information with respect to the penny stock held in a customer s account and information with respect to the limited market in penny stocks . 

Stockholders should be aware that, according to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, resulting in investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 

We currently do not meet certain of Nasdaq Capital Market s continued listing requirements and other Nasdaq rules. If we are unable to regain compliance, we are likely to be delisted. Delisting could negatively affect the price of our common stock, which could make it more difficult for us to sell securities in a future financing or for you to sell our common stock. 

We are required to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market and other Nasdaq rules, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, minimum share price and certain other corporate governance requirements. For example, we are required to maintain a minimum bid price for our listed common stock of 1.00 per share. If we do not meet these continued listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted. 

On December 9, 2022, we received a deficiency letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the preceding 30 consecutive business days, the closing bid price for the Company s common stock was below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued inclusion on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq rules, the Company has been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until June 7, 2023 (the Compliance Date ), to regain compliance. If the Company does not regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement by the Compliance Date and is not eligible for an additional compliance period at that time, the Nasdaq staff will provide written notification to the Company that its common stock will be subject to delisting. The Nasdaq Staff Deficiency Letter has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of our common stock. 

Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market would cause us to pursue eligibility for trading of these securities on other markets or exchanges, or on the pink sheets. In such case, our stockholders ability to trade, or obtain quotations of the market value of our common stock would be severely limited because of lower trading volumes and transaction delays. These factors could contribute to lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices of these securities. There can be no assurance that our securities, if delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market in the future, would be listed on a national securities exchange, a national quotation service, the over-the-counter markets or the pink sheets. Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market, or even the issuance of a notice of potential delisting, would also result in negative publicity, make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital, adversely affect the market liquidity of our securities, decrease securities analysts coverage of us or diminish investor, supplier and employee confidence. 

28

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive offices are located in Smyrna, Georgia, where we lease approximately 8,400 square feet of office and laboratory space. Our lease for the premises is currently scheduled to terminate on December 31, 2025. We do not currently own any real property. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our immediate needs and that if we require additional space, we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. We may from time to time become involved in various legal proceedings such as those arising in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol GOVX . 

Holders 

On March 15, 2022, there were 15 holders of record of our common stock. The majority of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, and we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We expect to retain future earnings, if any, for reinvestment in our business. We will not be permitted to pay dividends on our common stock unless all dividends on any preferred stock that may be issued have been paid in full. We currently do not have any plans to issue additional preferred stock. Any credit agreements which we may enter into may also restrict our ability to pay dividends. The payment of dividends in the future will be subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, on our financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, future prospects and any other factors our board of directors deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered securities during the period covered by this report that have not previously been reported on a Current Report on Form 8-K or a Quarterly Report Form 10-Q. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED 

Not Applicable. 

29

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with Selected Financial Data and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes beginning on page F-1. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties because they are based on current expectations and relate to future events and our future financial performance. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements because of many important factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

GeoVax is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies and vaccines against infectious diseases and solid tumor cancers using novel vector vaccine platforms. GeoVax s product pipeline includes ongoing human clinical trials for a next-generation COVID-19vaccine and a gene-directed therapy against advanced head and neck cancer. Additional research and development programs include preventive vaccines against Monkeypox (MPox), hemorrhagic fever viruses (Ebola Zaire, Ebola Sudan, Marburg, and Lassa) and Zika virus, as well as immunotherapies for multiple solid tumors. 

Our programs are in various stages of development, the most significant of which are summarized below: 

GEO-CM04S1 is currently undergoing a Phase 2 clinical trial (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04977024), evaluating its safety and efficacy as a preventive COVID-19 vaccine in patients who have previously received either an allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplant, an autologous hematopoietic cell transplant or chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy. GEO-CM04S1 is the only COVID-19 vaccine that includes both SARS-CoV-2 spike and nucleocapsid proteins to advance to a Phase 2 trial in cancer patients. The trial is also the first to compare an investigational multi-antigenic COVID-19 vaccine to the current Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved mRNA vaccine from Pfizer/BioNTech in people who are immunocompromised. 

GEO-CM04S1 is also undergoing the Phase 2 portion of a Phase 1/2 trial (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04639466), evaluating its use as a universal booster vaccine to current FDA-approved two-shot mRNA vaccines from Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna. 

Gedeptin is currently undergoing a Phase 1/2 clinical trial (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03754933) for treatment of patients with advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). This trial is being funded in part by the U.S. Food Drug Administration (FDA) pursuant to its Orphan Products Clinical Trials Grants Program. The trial is designed to inform the design of a larger patient trial that also may involve patients with other anatomically accessible oral and pharyngeal cancers, including cancers of the lip, tongue, gum, floor of mouth, salivary gland and other oral cavities. 

We have additional research programs for vaccines and immunotherapies at various stages of preclinical development. 

Our corporate strategy is to advance, protect and exploit our differentiated vaccine/immunotherapy technologies leading to the successful development of preventive and therapeutic vaccines and immunotherapies against infectious diseases and various cancers. Our goal is to advance products through to human clinical testing, and to seek partnership or licensing arrangements for achieving regulatory approval and commercialization. We also leverage third party resources through collaborations and partnerships for preclinical and clinical testing with multiple government, academic and corporate entities. 

Financial Overview 

Revenues 

We have not generated any revenues from product sales to date. Our product candidates will require significant additional research and development efforts, including extensive preclinical and clinical testing. All product candidates that we advance to clinical testing will require regulatory approval prior to commercial use and will require significant costs for commercialization. Our grant revenues relate to grants and contracts from agencies of the U.S. government in support of our vaccine development activities. We record revenue associated with these grants as the related costs and expenses are incurred. 

Research and development expenses 

Since our inception, we have focused and we continue to focus significant resources on our research and development activities, including developing our vector platform and analytical testing methods, conducting preclinical studies, developing manufacturing processes, and conducting clinical trials. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and consist primarily of the following: 

personnel costs in our research, development and regulatory functions, which include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation; 

30

expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations CROs ), that conduct clinical trials on our behalf; 

expenses incurred under agreements with contract manufacturing organizations CMOs ), that manufacture product used in the clinical trials; 

expenses incurred in procuring materials and for analytical and release testing services required to produce vaccine candidates used in clinical trials; 

process development expenses incurred internally and externally to improve the efficiency and yield of the bulk vaccine; 

laboratory supplies, vendor expenses and other third-party contract expenses related to preclinical research activities; 

technology license fees; 

consultant expenses for services supporting our clinical, regulatory and manufacturing activities; and 

facilities, depreciation and other general overhead expenses. 

We expect our research and development expenditures to increase during 2023 and beyond as we advance our existing and future product candidates into and through clinical trials and pursue regulatory approval, especially with regard to the Gedeptin and GEO-CM04S1 clinical programs. We do not provide forward-looking estimates of costs and time to complete our research programs due to the many uncertainties associated with biotechnology research and development. Due to these uncertainties, our future expenditures are likely to be highly volatile in future periods depending on the outcomes of the trials and studies. As we obtain data from preclinical studies and clinical trials, we may elect to discontinue or delay certain development programs to focus our resources on more promising product candidates. Completion of preclinical studies and human clinical trials may take several years or more, but the length of time can vary substantially depending upon several factors. The duration and the cost of future clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of the project because of differences arising during development of the human clinical trial protocols, including the length of time required to enroll suitable patient subjects, the number of patients that ultimately participate in the clinical trial, the duration of patient follow-up, and the number of clinical sites included in the clinical trials. 

General and administrative expenses 

Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs in our executive, finance and investor relations, business development and administrative functions, including stock-based compensation. Other general and administrative expenses include consulting fees, professional service fees for accounting and legal services, lease expenses related to our offices, insurance premiums, intellectual property costs incurred in connection with filing and prosecuting patent applications, depreciation and other costs. We expect our general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in the future as we support expanded research and development activities, prepare for potential commercialization of our current and future product candidates, maintain compliance with requirements of Nasdaq and the Securities and Exchange Commission, and other general corporate activities. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and adjusts them as necessary. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, which are included in this Form 10-K. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 

31

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09), which created a new Topic, Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606. The standard is principle-based and provides a five-step model to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle is that an entity should recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 

We receive payments from government entities under non-refundable grants in support of our vaccine development programs. We record revenue associated with these grants when the reimbursable costs are incurred and we have complied with all conditions necessary to receive the grant funds. From time to time, we may enter into collaborative research and development agreements for specific vaccine development approaches and/or disease indications whereby we receive third-party funding for preclinical research under certain of these arrangements. Each agreement is evaluated in accordance with the process defined by ASU 2014-09 and revenue is recognized accordingly. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We account for stock-based transactions in which the Company receives services from employees, directors or others in exchange for equity instruments based on the fair value of the award at the grant date. Stock-based compensation cost for awards of common stock is estimated based on the price of the underlying common stock on the date of issuance. Stock-based compensation cost for stock options or warrants is estimated at the grant date based on each instrument s fair value as calculated by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. We recognize stock-based compensation cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the award. See Note 6 to our financial statements for additional stock-based compensation information. 

Research and Development Expense 

Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred and consist of costs incurred in the discovery, development, testing and manufacturing of our product candidates. These expenses consist primarily of (i) salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for personnel, (ii) laboratory supplies and facility-related expenses to conduct development, (iii) fees paid to third-party service providers to perform, monitor and accumulate data related to our preclinical studies and clinical trials, (iv) costs related to sponsored research agreements, (v) costs to procure and manufacture materials used in clinical trials, and (vi) license fees and other expenses associated with technology license agreements. 

The Company accrues for estimated costs of research and development activities conducted by third-party service providers, which may include the conduct of preclinical studies and clinical trials, and contract manufacturing activities. When evaluating the adequacy of the accrued liabilities, the Company analyzes progress of the studies or trials, including clinical trial participant enrollment, completion of events, invoices received and other events. Advance payments for research and development activities are deferred and included in prepaid expenses and other assets. The deferred amounts are expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that are likely or reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations, other than the operating lease for our office and laboratory space. 

Results of Operations 

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Grant and collaboration revenue 

81,526 

385,501 

(303,975 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

9,123,479 

15,554,171 

(6,430,692 

General and administrative 

4,986,611 

3,577,153 

1,409,458 

Total operating expenses 

14,110,090 

19,131,324 

(5,021,234 

Loss from operations 

(14,028,564 

(18,745,823 

4,717,259 

Total other income (expense) 

7,439 

175,506 

(168,067 

Net loss 

(14,021,125 

(18,570,317 

4,549,192 

32

Grant Revenues 

Grant revenues decreased by 303,975 (79 for the year ended December 30, 2022 compared to 2021, attributable to the differing mix of active grants as well as the timing of grant-related expenditures. As of December 31, 2022, all grant funds available for use directly by GeoVax have been expended. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Our research and development expenses were 9,123,479 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 15,554,171 for 2021, representing a decrease of 6,430,692 (41 ). Research and development expense for 2021 includes 12,324,125 of upfront license fees and other costs related to our licenses of GEO-CM04S1 and Gedeptin; excluding these costs, research and development expense increased by 5,893,433 (182 from 2021 to 2022. The increase during 2022 relates primarily to higher personnel costs (including the use of external consultants), costs of conducting clinical trials for GEO-CM04S1 and Gedeptin, costs of manufacturing materials for use in our clinical trials, and a generally higher level of activity. Research and development expense for 2022 and 2021 includes stock-based compensation expense of 225,031 and 96,814, respectively, associated with employee stock options. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Our general and administrative expenses were 4,986,611 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 3,577,153 for 2021, representing an increase of 1,409,458 (39 ). The increase during 2022 relates primarily to higher personnel costs (including the use of external consultants), patent costs, investor relations consulting costs, and travel expenses. General and administrative expense for 2022 and 2021 includes stock-based compensation expense of 677,043 and 273,173, respectively, associated with employee and consultant stock options and stock awards. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest income was 7,439 and 4,736 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The variances between years are primarily attributable to the cash available for investment and to interest rate fluctuations. Interest expense was -0- and 1,286 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2021, we recorded a 172,056 gain on debt extinguishment associated with the forgiveness of the PPP loan principal and accrued interest. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following tables summarize our liquidity and capital resources as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and our cash flows for the years then ended: 

As of December 31, 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

2022 

2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

27,612,732 

11,423,870 

Working capital 

24,190,836 

6,193,756 

Year Ended December 31, 

Cash Flow Data 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

(19,030,208 

(11,196,420 

Investing activities 

(134,258 

(47,718 

Financing activities 

35,353,328 

12,784,212 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

16,188,862 

1,540,074 

Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities of 19,030,208 for 2022 was primarily due to our net loss of 14,021,125, offset by non-cash items such as depreciation expense and stock-based compensation expense, and by changes in our working capital accounts. Net cash used in operating activities of 11,196,420 for 2021 was primarily due to our net loss of 18,570,317, offset by non-cash items such as depreciation expense, stock-based compensation expense and the gain recognized on debt extinguishment, and by changes in our working capital accounts. 

Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was 134,258 and 47,718 for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and relates to purchases of property and equipment. 

33

Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 35,353,328 for 2022, consisting of (i) aggregate net proceeds of 27,727,194 from offerings of our common stock and (ii) 7,626,134 of net proceeds from the exercise of warrants. Net cash provided by financing activities was 12,784,212 for 2021, consisting of (i) net proceeds of 9,408,920 from a public offering of our common stock, (ii) 3,404,156 of net proceeds from the exercise of warrants, (iii) 28,864 in principal repayments of a note payable and repurchase of preferred stock. 

Funding Requirements and Sources of Capital 

To date, we have not generated any product revenue. We do not know when, or if, we will generate any product revenue and we do not expect to generate significant product revenue unless and until we obtain regulatory approval and commercialize one of our current or future product candidates. We anticipate that we will continue to generate losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect the losses to increase as we continue the development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, and begin to commercialize any approved products. We are subject to all of the risks incident to the development of new products, and may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may harm our business. We expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company and anticipate that we will need substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. We have funded our operations to date primarily from sales of our equity securities and from government grants and clinical trial assistance. 

As of the date of this Annual Report, we expect our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operations into the fourth quarter of 2023. This projection takes into consideration contractual commitments we have made, and expect to make, in the normal course of operating our business, which include (i) obligations to our employees, (ii) our lease obligations, (iii) payments due under license agreements for various technologies and patent rights associated with our product development activities, (iv) arrangements with contract research organizations CROs ), contract manufacturing organizations CMOs ), and other third-party vendors for clinical trials services and production of materials for use in our clinical trials, and (v) other various firm purchase commitments and contractual obligations related to production and testing of our product candidates and the general operation of our business. 

Our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement that involves risks and uncertainties and is based on assumptions that may prove to be wrong; actual results could vary materially. 

We have based our projections of operating capital requirements on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, and we may use our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, which include but are not limited to: 

the timing and costs of our ongoing and planned clinical trials; 

the timing and costs of manufacturing material for use in clinical trials; 

the number and scope of our research programs and the speed at which they are advanced; 

the progress and success of our preclinical and clinical development activities; 

the costs involved in prosecuting and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

the costs to attract and retain skilled personnel; 

the costs to maintain and expand our infrastructure to support our operations, our product development, and planned future commercialization efforts; 

the terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements; 

the costs associated with any products or technologies that we may in-license or acquire; and 

the costs and timing of regulatory approvals. 

We will need to continue to raise additional capital to support our future operating activities, including progression of our development programs, preparation for commercialization, and other operating costs. Financing strategies we may pursue include, but are not limited to, the public or private sale of equity, debt financings or funds from other capital sources, such as government funding, collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties. There can be no assurances additional capital will be available to secure additional financing, or if available, that it will be sufficient to meet our needs on favorable terms. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development of one or more of our product candidates. 

34

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Our exposure to market risk is limited primarily to interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of United States interest rates, particularly because a significant portion of our investments are in institutional money market funds. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the income received without significantly increasing risk. Due to the nature of our short-term investments, we believe that we are not subject to any material market risk exposure. We do not have any derivative financial instruments or foreign currency instruments. 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our consolidated financial statements and supplemental schedule and notes thereto as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 together with the independent registered public accounting firm s report thereon, are set forth on pages F-1 to F-16 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There were no disagreements with our accountants on matters of accounting or financial disclosure, or other reportable events requiring disclosure under this Item 9. 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that financial information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the required time periods, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Controls 

Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

35

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information required by this Item is included in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC under the captions Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our Board of Directors has adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, a copy of which is available on our website at www.geovax.com . The Company will provide a copy of the Code of Ethics upon request to any person without charge. Such requests may be transmitted by regular mail in the care of the Corporate Secretary. We require all officers, directors and employees to adhere to this code in addressing the legal and ethical issues encountered in conducting their work. The code requires that employees avoid conflicts of interest, comply with all laws and other legal requirements, conduct business in an honest and ethical manner, and otherwise act with integrity and in our best interest. Employees are required to report any conduct that they believe in good faith to be an actual or apparent violation of the code. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires certain companies to have procedures to receive, retain and treat complaints received regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and to allow for the confidential and anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. We have such procedures in place. 

The Company will post on its website, www.geovax.com , or will disclose on a Form 8-K filed with the SEC, any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the Code of Ethics that applies to the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, and that relate to (i) honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; (iii) compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; (iv) the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the code; or (v) accountability for adherence to the Code of Ethics. Any waiver granted to an executive officer or a director may only be granted by the Board and will be disclosed, along with the reasons therefor, on a Form 8-K filed with the SEC. No such waivers were granted in 2022. 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this Item is included in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC under the captions Corporate Governance and Executive Compensation and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this Item is included in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC under the captions Security Ownership of Principal Stockholders, Directors and Executive Officers and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

36

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Plan Category 

Number of securities to 

			 be issued upon exercise 

			 of outstanding options, 

			 warrants and rights 
			(a) 

Weighted-average 

			 exercise price of 

			 outstanding options, 

			 warrants and rights 
			(b) 

Number of securities remaining 

			 available for future issuance under 

			 equity compensation plans (excluding 

			 securities reflected in column (a)) 
			(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 

1,158,800 

2.77 

166,700 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

Contingent options (1) 

900,000 

0.76 

-0- 

Management warrants (2) 

272,997 

5.00 

-0- 

(1) Stock options granted in 2022 contingent upon receipt of stockholder approval at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

 (2) Stock purchase warrants issued in 2020 as part of deferred salary conversions by members of management and the board of directors. 

 A description of our equity compensation plans can be found in footnote 6 to our 2022 consolidated financial statements, which are filed as exhibits this document. 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this Item is included in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC under the captions Corporate Governance and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this Item is included in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC under the caption Ratification of Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

37

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 

Documents filed as part of this report: 

(1) 

Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 

(2) 

Financial Statement Schedules 

The following financial statement schedule is set forth on page F-16 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

All other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the information is included elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto. 

(3) 

Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation (3) 

3.1.1 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of GeoVax Labs, Inc. filed April 13, 2010 (5) 

3.1.2 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of GeoVax Labs, Inc. filed April 27, 2010 (6) 

3.1.3 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of GeoVax Labs, Inc. filed August 2, 2013 (7) 

3.1.4 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of GeoVax Labs, Inc. filed May 13, 2015 (8) 

3.1.5 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of GeoVax Labs, Inc. filed June 14, 2016 (10) 

3.1.6 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of GeoVax Labs, Inc. filed August 4, 2017 (11) 

3.1.7 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of GeoVax Labs, Inc. filed April 30, 2019 (14) 

3.1.8 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of GeoVax Labs, Inc. filed January 21, 2020 (16) 

3.1.9 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of GeoVax Labs, Inc. filed September 24, 2020 (23) 

3.2 

Bylaws (3) 

4.1 

Form of Stock Certificate representing the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share (20) 

4.1.1 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated September 29, 2020(22) 

4.1.2 

Form of Representative s Warrant Agreement, dated September 29, 2020 (21) 

4.1.3 

Form of Warrant Agent Agreement (21) 

4.1.4 

Form of Warrant issued to certain Management Creditors, dated September 29, 2020 (21) 

4.1.5 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated June 26, 2020 (19) 

4.1.6 

Form of Underwriters Warrant Agreement dated February 11, 2021 (26) 

4.1.7 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated September 28, 2021 (28) 

4.1.8 

Form of Common Warrant, dated January 19, 2022 (30) 

4.1.9 

Form of Preferred Investment Option, dated May 27, 2022 (32) 

10.1 

Employment Agreement between GeoVax Labs, Inc. and David A. Dodd (12) 

10.2 

Employment Agreement between GeoVax, Inc. and Mark W. Reynolds (4) 

10.2.1 

Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement between GeoVax Labs, Inc. and Mark W. Reynolds (8) 

10.3 

Employment Agreement between GeoVax, Inc. and Mark J. Newman, PhD, as Amended and Restated March 9, 2022 (31) 

10.3.1 

Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement between GeoVax Labs, Inc. and Mark J. Newman, PhD (33) 

10.4 

Consulting Agreement by and between GeoVax, Inc. and Kelly T. McKee, MD, dated December 22, 2021 (31) 

10.4.1 , 

Employment Agreement between GeoVax, Inc. and Kelly T. McKee, MD 

10.4.2 , 

Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement between GeoVax Labs, Inc. and Kelly T. McKee, MD 

10.5 

Employment Agreement between GeoVax, Inc. and John W. Sharkey, PhD (33) 

10.5.1 

Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement between GeoVax Labs, Inc. and John W. Sharkey, PhD (33) 

10.6 

GeoVax Labs, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated August 11, 2021 (18) 

38

10.6.1 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2020 Stock Incentive Plan) (27) 

10.6.2 

GeoVax Labs, Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (34) 

10.7 

License Agreement (as amended and restated) between GeoVax, Inc. and Emory University (2) 

10.8 

Patent and Biological Materials License Agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, dated October 22, 2020 (24) 

10.9 

Patent and Biological Materials License Agreement for Internal Research Use with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, dated November 25, 2020 (25) 

10.10 

Office and Laboratory Lease between UCB, Inc. and GeoVax, Inc. (17) 

10.10.1 

Amendment to Office Lease Agreement between UCB, Inc. and GeoVax, Inc. 

10.11 

Summary of the GeoVax Labs, Inc. Director Compensation Plan (31) 

10.12 

Assignment and License Agreement by and between GeoVax, Inc. and PNP Therapeutics, Inc. dated September 28, 2021 (28) 

10.13 

Exclusive License Agreement by and between GeoVax, Inc. and City of Hope, dated November 9, 2021 (29) 

14.1 

Code of Ethics (13) 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant (15) 

23.1 

Consent of Wipfli LLP (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm ID 

31.1 

Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 

Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data Files because its XBRL tags are embedded with the Inline XBRL Document) (1) 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1) 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1) 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1) 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (1) 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1) 

104 

Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set (1) 

___________________ 

Filed herewith. 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(1) 

These interactive data files shall not be deemed filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under these sections. 

(2) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 4, 2006. 

(3) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2008. 

(4) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 8, 2010. 

(5) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 14, 2010. 

(6) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 28, 2010. 

(7) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 2, 2013. 

(8) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 23, 2013. 

(9) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 14, 2015. 

(10) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 16, 2016. 

(11) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 4, 2017. 

(12) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 7, 2018. 

(13) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 26, 2019. 

(14) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 30, 2019 

(15) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2019. 

(16) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 21, 2020. 

(17) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 24, 2020. 

(18) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 12, 2021. 

(19) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 26, 2020. 

(20) 

Incorporated by reference from the Amendment No. 2 to registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239958) filed August 26, 2020. 

(21) 

Incorporated by reference from the Amendment No. 3 to registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239958) filed September 8, 2020 

(22) 

Incorporated by reference from the Amendment No. 4 to registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239958) filed September 23, 2020. 

39

(23) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 25, 2020. 

(24) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 26, 2020. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted as the Company has determined (i) the omitted information is not material and (ii) the omitted information would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. 

(25) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 30, 2020. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted as the Company has determined (i) the omitted information is not material and (ii) the omitted information would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. 

(26) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021. 

(27) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 23, 2021. 

(28) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 29, 2021. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted as (i) the Company has determined the omitted information is not material and (ii) the Company customarily and actually treats the omitted information as private or confidential. 

(29) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 10, 2021. Pursuant to 399 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted as (i) the Company has determined the omitted information is not material and (ii) the Company customarily and actually treats the omitted information as private or confidential. 

(30) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 20, 2022. 

(31) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 9, 2022. 

(32) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 27, 2022. 

(33) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 3, 2022. 

(34) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 8, 2022. 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

40

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GEOVAX LABS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ David A. Dodd 

Name: 

David A. Dodd 

Title: 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 

March 23, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been duly signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 

Position 

Date 

/s/ David A. Dodd 

Director 

			 President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 23, 2023 

David A. Dodd 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Mark W. Reynolds 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 23, 2023 

Mark W. Reynolds 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Randal D. Chase 

Director 

March 23, 2023 

Randal D. Chase 

/s/ Dean G. Kollintzas 

Director 

March 23, 2023 

Dean G. Kollintzas 

/s/ Nicole Lemerond 

Director 

March 23, 2023 

Nicole Lemerond 

/s/ Robert T. McNally 

Director 

March 23, 2023 

Robert T. McNally 

/s/ Jayne Morgan 

Director 

March 23, 2023 

Jayne Morgan 

/s/ John N. Spencer, Jr. 

Director 

March 23, 2023 

John N. Spencer, Jr. 

41

GEOVAX LABS, INC. 

 INDEX TO 2022 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
			 
			 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 

Financial Statement Schedule: 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-16 

F-1

235 Peachtree Street NE 

			 Suite 1800 

			 Atlanta, GA 30303 

404 588 4200 

			 wipfli.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of GeoVax Labs, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GeoVax Labs, Inc. and subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and schedule (collectively, the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis of a Matter 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company expects to continue to generate operating losses in the foreseeable future and will require additional funding to continue its research and development activities. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F-2

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 

March 23, 2023 

F-3

GEOVAX LABS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Grant funds receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments (Note 4) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, .001 par value: Authorized shares Issued and outstanding shares and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-4

GEOVAX LABS. INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Grant revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted: 

Net loss per common share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-5

GEOVAX LABS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Total 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Paid-in Capital 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Sale of common stock for cash 

Issuance of common stock upon warrant exercise 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of warrant for technology license 

- 

- 

Repurchase of preferred stock 

Stock option expense 

- 

- 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Sale of common stock and warrants for cash 

Issuance of common stock upon warrant exercise 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Stock option expense 

- 

- 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-6

GEOVAX LABS. INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Warrant issued for technology license 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Grant funds receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total adjustments 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net proceeds from sale of common stock and warrants 

Net proceeds from warrant exercises 

Repurchase of preferred stock 

Principal repayment of note payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

shares of common stock upon the cashless exercise of stock purchase warrants and of principal and accrued interest related to a note payable was extinguished upon the loan s forgiveness. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-7

GEOVAX LABS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Prepaid insurance premiums 

Prepaid rent 

Other prepaid expenses 

Total prepaid expenses 

Property and Equipment Property and equipment consist of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Leasehold improvements 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Other Assets Other assets consist of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Prepaid technology license fees 

Deposits 

Total other assets 

Accrued Expenses Accrued expenses consist of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Payroll-related liabilities 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses 

Other Liabilities Other liabilities were at December 31, 2021 and consist of the noncurrent portion of accrued technology license fees. 

square feet of office and laboratory space pursuant to an operating lease which expires on December 31, 2025. Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Future minimum lease payments total approximately in 2023, in 2024, and in 2025 although the lease may be terminated at any time by either party with one hundred eighty days written notice. 

License Agreements . We have entered into license agreements for various technologies and patent rights associated with our product development activities. These agreements may contain provisions for upfront payments, milestone fees due upon the achievement of selected development and regulatory events, minimum annual royalties or other fees, and royalties based on future net sales. Due to the uncertainty of the achievement and timing of the contingent events requiring payment under these agreements, the amounts to be paid by us in the future are not determinable. 

Other Commitments . In the normal course of business we enter into various contracts and purchase commitments including those with contract research organizations CROs and contract manufacturing organizations CMOs for clinical trials services and production of materials for use in our clinical trials. Most contracts are generally cancellable, with notice, at the Company s option. Payments due upon cancellation may consist of payments for services provided or expenses incurred to date, or cancellation penalties depending on the time of cancellation. 

shares of our Series B convertible preferred stock for a total price of . There are no shares of our preferred stock outstanding. 

Common Stock 

2021 Public Offering On February 11, 2021, we closed an underwritten public offering of shares of our common stock. Net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses were approximately million. 

2021 Warrant Exercises During 2021, we issued shares of our common stock upon the exercise of warrants, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately million, and we issued shares of our common stock upon the exercise of warrants using the cashless exercise feature of the warrants. 

January 2022 Private Placement On January 19, 2022, we closed a private placement of shares of common stock, a pre-funded warrant to purchase shares of common stock for a nominal exercise price per share and a warrant to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share (the January 2022 Warrant ). Net proceeds after deducting placement agent commissions and other offering expenses were approximately million. During March 2022, the pre-funded warrant was exercised in full. 

May 2022 Private Placement On May 27, 2022, we closed a private placement of shares of common stock, a pre-funded warrant to purchase shares of common stock for a nominal exercise price per share, and a warrant to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share (the May 2022 Warrant ). Net proceeds after deducting placement agent commissions and other offering expenses were approximately million. The pre-funded warrant was exercised as to shares concurrent with the closing and as to the remaining shares during June and July. During August, the May 2022 Warrant was exercised as to shares, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately . 

Other Common Stock Transactions During 2022 and 2021 we issued and shares, respectively, of our common stock pursuant to consulting agreements. 

Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance Common stock reserved for future issuance consists of the following at December 31, 2022: 

Stock options outstanding 

Stock options authorized for future grants 

Total 

Stock Options 

We have a stock-based incentive plan (the 2020 Plan pursuant to which our Board of Directors may grant stock options to our employees, directors and consultants. A total of shares of our common stock are currently reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2020 Plan. The exercise price for any option granted may not be less than fair value of fair value for ISO s granted to certain employees). Options have a maximum ten -year term. 

A summary of the Company s stock option activity during 2022 is presented below. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Stock Warrants 

The table below summarizes information concerning warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022, all of which are currently exercisable. 

June 2025 

September 2020 

September 2025 

September 2020 

March 2024 

February 2021 

August 2024 

September 2021 

September 2026 

January 2022 

February 2027 

May 2022 

May 2028 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

As a result of anti-dilution price adjustments related to our equity transactions in January and May 2022, the exercise price of the June 2020 Warrants was reduced from to during 2022. 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected life of option (in yrs) 

Expected volatility 

The weighted-average grant date fair values of stock options granted during 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there is of unrecognized compensation expense that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

We also have issued shares of restricted common stock to consultants and recognize the related expense over the terms of the related agreements. As of December 31, 2022, there is recorded as a prepaid expense for these arrangements, which will be recognized as expense over the terms of the related agreements. 

The following table summarizes our total stock-based compensation expense for employees, directors and consultants for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

General and administrative 

Total stock option expense 

Stock awards (consultants): 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

During September 2021, we recorded of expense associated with the issuance of a stock purchase warrant in connection with our entering into a technology licensing agreement; such amount was recorded as research and development expense. 

and , respectively. 

million available to offset against future taxable income of which approximately million expires in varying amounts in 2023 through 2037. Additionally, we have approximately million in research and development R D tax credits that expire in 2023 through 2042 unless utilized earlier. income taxes have been paid to date. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code contains provisions that may limit our utilization of our NOL and R D tax credit carryforwards in any given year as a result of significant changes in ownership interests that have occurred in past periods or may occur in future periods. 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. We have established a full valuation allowance equal to the amount of our net deferred tax assets due to uncertainties with respect to our ability to generate sufficient taxable income to realize these assets in the future. The table below presents significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Research and development tax credit carryforward 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Accrued expenses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset after reduction for valuation allowance 

- - 

- - 

A reconciliation of the U.S. federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

State income tax (benefit) 

Permanent differences 

NOL carryforward expiration 

R D tax credits, net of expiration 

Change in valuation allowance and other adjustments 

Effective tax rate 

and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, all funds available under these grants for our direct use have been utilized. 

- - 

- - 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

- - 

- - 

F-16

<EX-10.41>
 2
 ex_489504.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4.1

ex_489504.htm 

Exhibit 10.4.1 

Employment Agreement 

 Between 

 GeoVax, Inc. and Kelly T. McKee, Jr., M.D., MPH 

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") by and between GeoVax, Inc. , a Georgia Corporation ("Company"), and Kelly T. McKee, Jr., M.D., MPH ("Employee"; and with the Company, collectively, the "Parties"), is entered into and effective as of March 1, 2023 (the "Effective Date ). 

Employee will serve as Chief Medical Officer of the Company. The Company and Employee desire that Employee be employed by the Company in the above capacity under the terms of this Agreement. Therefore, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, it is agreed: 

1. 

Employment Duties. Employee is hereby employed by the Company under the terms of this Agreement, and Employee accepts such employment. Employee shall serve in the capacity as defined above and shall perform the following duties Employees Duties ): such duties as are customary for someone in that position and duties that may be reasonably assigned from time to time by the President/CEO. Primary duties include but are not limited to contributing to the growth and development of the Company through the activities of clinical development and medical affairs in support of the strategic corporate growth plans and objectives. 

2. 

Term of Agreement. The term of Employee s employment shall commence on or about March 1, 2023 and shall end upon the termination of Employee s employment with the Company as provided herein. The Company may terminate this Agreement at will and at its sole discretion as allowed under Georgia state law, by giving written notice to Employee, and such termination shall be effective on the termination date described in such notice (or such earlier time as the Company and Employee may agree). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the termination of this Agreement shall not terminate the Company s obligation to make any payments to Employee for services performed and expenses incurred prior to the date of such termination as long as the Employee is in good standing; and such termination shall not terminate Employee s obligations under Sections 13-15, and 17-29 below. Employee shall have the right to terminate employment on one month written notice and, shall suitably perform all normal services during that one month period, if requested to do so by Company. 

3. 

Base Salary. The base salary will be 350,000 on a full-time annualized basis. Performance and salary reviews are at the discretion of the President/CEO and/or Board of Directors. 

4. 

Performance Reviews. Performance reviews will be conducted at least annually by the President/CEO or designee. 

5. 

Annual Bonus Potential. An annual fiscal year bonus will be considered and recommended, if appropriate, by the supervisor and President/CEO and must be BOD approved. The targeted bonus will be 40 of base salary, but the actual amount shall be at the full discretion of the President/BOD based on Employee s and the Company s performance and achievement. 

6. 

Equity Stock Incentive. An annual stock option grant will be based on a target of 75 of base salary, but actual option grants are performance based and at the discretion of the BOD based on Employee s and the Company s performance and achievement. 

7. 

Moving Expenses. N/A 

8. 

Temporary Living Expense. N/A 

9. 

Other Business Expenses. N/A 

1

10. 

Benefits. 

a. 

Group Insurance 401(k) Benefits. Employee will be eligible for Company group benefit programs generally provided to other full-time employees of similar status, including group medical insurance and 401(k) benefits. 

b. 

Vacation. Employee will accrue four weeks of paid vacation per year on a full-time basis. Vacation time is accrued on a pay period basis subject to the Company s paid time off policy as documented in the Employee Handbook. 

c. 

Holidays. GeoVax will be closed on the following holidays: New Year s Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and the day after, and two days that include Christmas (to be determined by Company. 

11. 

Termination. 

a. 

Materials. Upon termination, Employee shall immediately return Company issued computers, phones, files, emails, documents and/or other Company owned devices and materials (including laboratory materials) to Company and shall not delete or destroy anything prior to return to Company. 

b. 

By the Company with Cause. If Employee is terminated with cause, Employee s employment, compensation, and benefits will terminate immediately (unless otherwise provided by law), and Employee shall not receive any severance payments. 

c. 

By the Company without Cause. Company may terminate Employee at will without cause consistent with Georgia state law by providing written notice. Company and Employee will discuss whether it is appropriate under the circumstances to have a period during which Employee continues to carry out his function for the Company for normal or adjusted compensation during that period, however, Company shall make the final decision at its sole option. Company shall pay Employee any amounts due up through the date of termination. 

d. 

By the Employee. Employee may voluntarily terminate his employment on 30 days written notice to the Company, and Employee s employment, compensation and benefits will terminate on the effective date of termination (unless otherwise provided by law). Employee shall not receive any severance payments or other payments due after the date of termination. Company shall decide whether to allow Employee to leave immediately, and if so, will not be obligated to provide any further compensation or benefits. 

12. 

Record Keeping and Payment. Employee shall keep and file with the Company an expense report for all business expenses for which Employee seeks reimbursement. Employee shall be reimbursed for such documented business expenses within thirty (30) days of submitting a request for reimbursement. 

13. 

Proprietary Information. Employee agrees that all information, whether or not in writing, concerning the Company's business, technology, business goals, plans or strategies, relationships or financial affairs (collectively, "Proprietary Information") is and will be the exclusive property of the Company. By way of illustration, Proprietary Information may include information or material which has not been made generally available to the public, such as: (a) corporate information, including business or technical plans, strategies, methods, policies, resolutions, negotiations, or litigation; (b) marketing information, including strategies, methods, potential or present collaborator or vendor identities, or other information about prospects and prospect identities, or market analyses or projections; (c) financial information, including cost and performance data, debt arrangements, equity structure, investors and holdings, purchasing and sales data and price lists; (d) operational and technological information, including research goals, plans, potential products, implementations, viral vectors, inserts, specifications, manuals, forms, templates, software, designs, methods, procedures, formulas , discoveries, inventions, improvements, concepts and ideas; and (e) contract terms, licenses, license negotiation negotiations strategies, potential licensees or licensors; and (f) personnel information, including personnel lists, reporting or organizational structure, resumes, personnel data, compensation structure, performance evaluations, and termination arrangements or documents. Proprietary Information also includes information received in confidence by the Company from its collaborators, vendors, or suppliers or other third parties. Proprietary Information does not include information that a) is in the public domain or enters the public domain through no breach of this Agreement by Employee; b) information that is in Employee s possession prior to receipt from the Company; or c) information that is disclosed to Employee by a third party who is not under a direct or indirect obligation of confidentiality to the Company with respect thereto. 

2

14. 

Recognition of Company's Rights. Employee shall not, at any time, without the Company's prior written permission, either during or after Employee s employment, disclose any Proprietary Information to anyone outside of the Company, or use or permit to be used any Proprietary Information for any purpose other than the performance of Employee s duties as an employee of the Company. Employee shall cooperate with the Company and use reasonable best efforts to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of all Proprietary Information. Employee shall deliver to the Company all copies of Proprietary Information in Employee s possession or control upon the earlier of a request by the Company or termination of Employee s employment. 

15. 

Rights of Others. Employee understands that the Company is now and may hereafter be subject to non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements with third persons which require the Company to protect or refrain from use of Proprietary Information. Employee agrees to be bound by the terms of such agreements in the event Employee has access to such Proprietary Information, provided that the Company has informed Employee that such information is subject to a confidentiality agreement with a third party. 

16. 

Commitment to Company; Avoidance of Conflict of Interest. While an employee of the Company, Employee will devote Employee s full-time efforts to the Company's business and will not engage in any other business activity that conflicts with Employee s duties to the Company. Employee will advise the CEO of the Company or his or her nominee at such time if any activity of either the Company or another business presents Employee with a conflict of interest or the appearance of a conflict of interest as an employee of the Company. Employee will take whatever reasonable action is requested by the Company to resolve any conflict or appearance of conflict which it finds to exist. 

17. 

Inventions. Employee will make full and prompt written disclosure to the Company of all inventions, discoveries, designs, developments, methods, modifications, improvements, compositions of matter, methods of use, processes of preparation, other processes, algorithms, databases, computer programs, formulae, techniques, trade secrets, graphics or images, and audio or visual works and other works of authorship, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, that are created, made, conceived or reduced to practice by Employee (alone or jointly with others) or under Employee s direction during the period of employment for the Company (collectively Inventions ). Employee acknowledges that all work performed by Employee is on a work for hire basis, and Employee hereby does assign and transfer and, to the extent any such assignment cannot be made at present, will assign and transfer, to the Company and its successors and assigns all Employee s rights, title, and interest in all Inventions that (a) relate to the business of the Company or any of the products or services being researched, developed, manufactured or sold by the Company or which may be used with such products or services; or (b) result from tasks assigned to Employee by the Company; or (c) result from the use of premises, laboratories, equipment, physical space, or personal property (whether tangible or intangible) owned, leased, or contracted for by the Company Company Related Inventions ), and all related patents, patent applications, trademarks and trademark applications, copyrights and copyright applications, and other intellectual property rights in all countries and territories worldwide and under any international conventions Intellectual Property Rights ). 

3

18. 

Documents and Other Materials. Employee will keep and maintain adequate and current records of all Proprietary Information and Company-Related Inventions developed by Employee during employment, which records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. 

All files, letters, notes, memoranda, reports, records, data, sketches, drawings, notebooks, layouts, charts, quotations and proposals, specification sheets, program listings, blueprints, models, prototypes, or other written, photographic, or other tangible material containing Proprietary Information, whether created by Employee or others, which come into Employee s custody or possession, are the exclusive property of the Company to be used by Employee only in the performance of Employee s duties for the Company. Any property situated on the Company's premises and owned by the Company, including without limitation computers, disks, and other storage media, filing cabinets or other work areas, is subject to inspection by the Company at any time with or without notice. In the event of the termination of Employee's employment for any reason, Employee will deliver to the Company all Company property and equipment in Employee s possession, custody or control, including all files, letters, notes, memoranda, reports, records, data, sketches, drawings, notebooks, layouts, charts, quotations and proposals, specification sheets, program listings, blueprints, models, prototypes, or other written, photographic or other tangible material containing Proprietary Information, and other materials of any nature pertaining to the Proprietary Information of the Company and to Employee s work, and will not take or keep in Employee s possession any of the foregoing or any copies. 

19. 

Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights. Employee will cooperate fully with the Company, both during and after employment with the Company, with respect to the procurement, maintenance, and enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights in Company-Related Inventions. Employee will sign, both during and after the term of this Agreement, all papers, including without limitation copyright applications, patent applications, declarations, oaths, assignments of priority rights, and powers of attorney, which the Company may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any Company-Related Inventions. If the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure Employee s signature on any such papers, Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each officer of the Company as Employee s agent and attorney-in-fact to execute any such papers on Employee s behalf, and to take any and all actions as the Company may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any Company-Related Inventions. Other than with regard to signing these various papers, which shall be done without remuneration, any cooperation Employee provides to the Company after the term of Employee s employment with the Company shall be provided at Company's reasonable expense. 

20. 

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation. To protect the Company's Proprietary Information and good will, during Employee's employment and for a period of one (1) year following the termination of Employee s employment for any reason (the Restricted Period ): 

(a) 

Employee will not directly or indirectly, whether as owner, partner, shareholder, director, manager, consultant, agent, employee, co-venturer or otherwise, engage, participate or invest in any business activity anywhere in the United States or elsewhere that develops, manufactures or markets any products, or performs any services, that are otherwise competitive with or similar to the products or services in the Company's Field Of Interest, provided that this shall not prohibit any possible investment in publicly traded stock of a company representing less than one percent of the stock of such company. The phrase, Company's Field of Interest , means research, development, and commercialization activities relating to vaccinia-based and modified vaccinia Ankara (MVA)-based vaccines that induce or enhance immuno-protection, or such other specific areas of research, development and commercialization as the Company may be engaged in during the term of this Agreement. 

(b) 

Employee will not, directly, or indirectly, in any manner, other than for the benefit of the Company, call upon, solicit, divert, take away, accept or conduct any business from or with any of the customers or prospective customers of the Company or any of its suppliers. 

4

(c) 

Employee will not, directly, or indirectly, in any manner, solicit, entice, attempt to persuade any other employee or consultant of the Company to leave the Company for any reason or otherwise participate in or facilitate the hire, directly or through another entity, of any person who is employed or engaged by the Company or who was employed or engaged by the Company within six months of any attempt to hire such person. Employee acknowledges and agrees that if Employee violates any of the provisions of this paragraph 20, the running of the Restricted Period will be extended by the time during which Employee engages in such violation(s). 

21. 

Government Contracts. Employee acknowledges that the Company may have from time-to-time agreements with other persons or with the United States Government or its agencies which impose obligations or restrictions on the Company regarding inventions made during the course of work under such agreements or regarding the confidential nature of such work. Employee agrees to comply with any such obligations or restrictions upon the direction of the Company. In addition to the rights assigned under paragraph 17, Employee also assigns to the Company (or any of its nominees) all rights which Employee has or acquires in any Inventions, full title to which is required to be in the United States under any contract between the Company and the United States or any of its agencies. 

22. 

Prior Agreements. Employee hereby represents that, except as Employee has fully disclosed previously in writing to the Company, Employee is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party to refrain from using or disclosing any trade secret or confidential or proprietary information in the course of employment with the Company or to refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such previous employer or any other party within the scope of the duties for Company. Employee further represent that Employee s performance of all the terms of this Agreement as an employee of the Company does not and will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information, knowledge or data acquired by Employee in confidence or in trust prior to employment with the Company. Employee will not disclose to the Company or induce the Company to use any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous employer or others. 

23. 

Remedies Upon Breach. Employee understands that the restrictions contained in this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the business and goodwill of the Company and Employee considers them to be reasonable for such purpose. Any breach of this Agreement may cause the Company substantial and irrevocable damage and therefore, in the event of such breach, the Company, in addition to such other remedies which may be available, may be entitled to specific performance and other injunctive relief: without the posting of a bond. If Employee is found to have violated this Agreement by court of law, in addition to other remedies available to the Company at law, in equity, and under contract, Employee may be obligated to pay all the Company's reasonable costs of enforcement of this Agreement, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses. 

24. 

Publications and Public Statements. Employee will obtain the Company's written approval before publishing or submitting for publication any material that relates to Employee s work at the Company and/or incorporates any Proprietary Information. To ensure that the Company delivers a consistent message about its products, services, and operations to the public, and further in recognition that even positive statements may have a detrimental effect on the Company in certain securities transactions and other contexts, any statement about the Company or its research or development activities which Employee creates, publishes, or posts during Employee's period of employment and for six (6) months thereafter, on any media accessible by the public, including but not limited to social media and networking services and sites, electronic bulletin boards and Internet-based chat rooms, must first be reviewed and approved by an officer of the Company before it is released in the public domain. 

25. 

Survival and Assignment by the Company. Employee understands that the Employee s obligations under this Agreement will continue following the termination of Employee s employment regardless of the manner of such termination and will be binding upon Employee s heirs, executors, and administrators. Company will have the right to assign this Agreement to its affiliates, successors, and assigns in connection with the transfer of the area of business Employee is acting in, and Employee expressly consents to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement for the benefit of the Company or any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate to whose employ Employee may be transferred without the necessity that this Agreement be resigned at the time of such transfer. 

5

26. 

Post-Employment Notifications. For twelve (l2) months following termination of employment, Employee will notify the Company of any change in Employee s address and of each subsequent employment or business activity, including the name and address of Employee s subsequent employer or other post-Company employment plans. 

27. 

Disclosure to Future Employers. Employee will provide a copy of this Agreement to any future employer, partner or coadventurer prior to entering into an employment, partnership, or other business relationship with such person or entity, and can redact personal information such as salary, etc. 

28. 

Severability. In case any provisions (or portions thereof) contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. If, moreover, any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity, or subject, it shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear. 

29. 

Interpretation. This Agreement will be deemed to be made and entered into in the State of Georgia, and will in all respects be interpreted, enforced, and governed under the laws of the State of Georgia. Employee hereby agree to consent to personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts situated within Cobb County, Georgia and the Federal District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, respectively, for purposes of enforcing this Agreement and waive any objection that Employee might have to personal jurisdiction or venue in those courts. 

EMPLOYEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS AGREEMENT AFFECTS IMPORTANT RIGHTS. BY SIGNING BELOW, EMPLOYEE CERTIFIES THAT EMPLOYEE HAS READ IT CAREFULLY AND IS SATISFIED THAT EMPLOYEE UNDERSTANDS IT COMPLETELY. 

The Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written below. 

GEOVAX, INC. 

By: 

Date: 
			 February 22, 2023 

David A. Dodd / President CEO 

EMPLOYEE 

By: 

Date: 

Kelly T. McKee, Jr., M.D., MPH 

6

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 3
 ex_489503.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4.2

ex_489503.htm 

Exhibit 10.4.2 

AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE 

TO 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE is between GEOVAX LABS, INC., a Georgia corporation (the "Company") and Kelly T. McKee, Jr., M.D., MPH ("Employee") and is entered into effective as of the date the Company or Employee signs this Amendment Number One, whichever comes last. 

WHEREAS, the Company and Employee entered into a new employment agreement effective as of March 1, 2023 (the "Employment Agreement"); and 

WHEREAS, the Company and Employee desire to amend the Employment Agreement as set forth in this AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and Employee for such consideration as each deems full and adequate do hereby agree that the Employment Agreement be, and hereby is, amended to add a new 30 as follows: 

30. 409A and 409A Change in Control . 

(a) Interpretation . The Parties intend that the Employment Agreement since first effective be, and continue as the Amended Employment Agreement to be, interpreted to comply with, or satisfy an exemption under 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("409A"). For example, any requirement that Employee have a termination of employment shall be interpreted as a requirement that the employee have a "separation from service" within the meaning of 409A. 

(b) Specified Person . If the Company is a public company and Employee is a "specified person" under 409A at the time that Employee has a separation from service, the payment of any severance under 12(b) of the Amended Employment Agreement and any payments due under this 30 shall be suspended until the date of Employee's death or the date which is 6 months and one day after the date of Employee's separation from service, whichever comes first, at which time all payments then due at the end of such suspension shall be paid in a lump sum. 

(c) Expense Reimbursements . Employee shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by Employee in accordance with the policies, practices and procedures of the Company; provided, however, for purposes of complying with 409A (1) the amount of such expenses eligible for reimbursement in any calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in another calendar year, (2) no such reimbursement may be exchanged or liquidated for another payment or benefit, and (3) any reimbursements of such expenses shall be made as soon as practicable under the circumstances but in any event no later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the related expenses are incurred. 

1

(d) Change in Control Definitions . For purposes of this 30- 

Amended Employment Agreement. "Amended Employment Agreement" means the employment agreement between Employee and the Company dated March 1, 2023, as amended by this Amendment Number One. 

Benchmark Date. "Benchmark Date" means March 1, 2023. 

Board. "Board" means the board of directors of the Company. 

Cause. Each of the following constitutes "Cause": 

(1) Employee clearly breaches the terms of the Amended Employment Agreement in any material respect. 

(2) Employee clearly fails in any material respect to properly perform Employee's duties and responsibilities as an officer of the Company or clearly fails in any material respect to comply with the Company's published policies and procedures. 

(3) There is a conclusive determination that Employee clearly has committed any fraud, theft, embezzlement or other criminal act of a similar nature against the Company. 

(4) Employee fails or refuses to follow in any material respect reasonable and proper directives of the Board. 

(5) Employee engages in willful or reckless conduct outside the workplace which clearly causes material damage to the Company or the Company's business. 

(6) Employee misuses or abuses alcohol, drugs or controlled substances in a manner which clearly and adversely affects the performance of Employee's duties and responsibilities or the business or reputation of the Company. 

(7) Employee uses or discloses in an unauthorized way the Company's confidential or trade secret information. 

(8) Provided, however, no reason set forth in this definition shall constitute Cause unless Employee upon written notice is given a reasonable period to effect a cure or a correction if the reason is curable or correctible as determined by the Board. 

2

Change in Control. A "Change in Control" shall mean: 

(1) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) (a "Person") of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 35 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the "Outstanding Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (i) any acquisition by a Person who is on the Benchmark Date the beneficial owner of 35 or more of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, (ii) any acquisition directly from the Company, (iii) any acquisition by the Company which reduces the number of Outstanding Company Voting Securities and thereby results in any person having beneficial ownership of more than 35 of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, or (iv) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (v) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which meets the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (2) of this definition; or 

(2) The consummation after the Benchmark Date of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (a "Business Combination"), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock (the "Outstanding Company Common Stock") and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination (individually a "Company Owner") beneficially continue to own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as each Company Owner's ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, and (ii) no Person (excluding any Company Owner, the Company or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 35 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation; or 

(3) A majority of the individuals who, as of the Benchmark Date, constitute the Board (the "Incumbent Directors") are replaced within a twelve (12) month period by directors whose appointment or election was not approved by a majority of the Incumbent Board and who were elected as a result of an election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors ("Election Contest") or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any "person" (such term for purposes of this definition being as defined in 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, and as used in 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) other than the Incumbent Board ("Proxy Contest"); provided that any person becoming a director after the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board shall thereafter be an Incumbent Director. 

3

Good Reason . Each of the following constitutes "Good Reason": 

(1) A material reduction of Employee s total compensation package (including Employee's base salary, annual bonus opportunities, benefits and stock option and other equity grant opportunities) as in effect on the Benchmark Date or as thereafter increased from time to time. 

(2) Any change in Employee s direct reporting relationship to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

(3) Any reduction (absent Employee s express, written consent) in Employee s duties and responsibilities as the Company s Chief Medical Officer. 

(4) A physical change after the Benchmark Date of twenty-five miles or more in Employee s principal place of employment with the Company absent Employee's express, written consent. 

(5) Provided, however, no reason set forth in this definition shall constitute Good Reason unless the Company upon written notice is given a reasonable period to effect a cure or a correction if the reason is curable or correctable. 

409A Change in Control. A " 409A Change in Control" shall mean a "Change in Control" which also constitutes a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, all within the meaning of 409A. 

(e) Change in Control Benefits . 

(1) If Employee at any time during the three month period which immediately precedes the date of a Change in Control or during the one year period which starts on the date of a Change in Control has a separation from service as a result of Employee's employment being terminated without Cause or Employee resigning for Good Reason, then the Company shall (subject to 30(b)) pay, or begin to pay, or provide, or begin to provide, the following-- 

(i) an amount in cash equal to two times Employee's then base salary and Employee's then target annual bonus, if any, plus 

(ii) an amount in cash equal to two times the cost to provide to Employee any 401k or other deferred compensation or health and welfare benefits as such cost was reported in the Company's most recent proxy statement, plus 

(iii) full, complete and immediate vesting of all of Employee's stock options, restricted stock grants and other equity or equity-type grants, plus 

(iv) a Gross Up Payment per 30(e)(3), if applicable. 

4

(2) If the Change in Control is a 409A Change in Control, then the cash payments described in 30(e)(1) shall (subject to 30(b)) be paid in a lump sum. If the Change in Control is not a 409A Change in Control, then such cash payments shall (subject to 30(b)) be paid (per 112(c) of the Amended Employment Agreement) in equal installments each regular pay day of the Company for a number of pay days equal to Employee's number of then completed full years of service. If any payments are suspended per 30(b), then all payments which were suspended per 30(b) shall be paid in a lump sum at the expiration of the suspension period per 30(b). 

(3) Gross Up Payment. If a Change of Control constitutes a change of control (within the meaning of 280G of the Code) and a nationally recognized US certified public accounting firm selected by Employee and reasonably acceptable to the Company determines that any vesting of any option exercise rights or payments or other benefits called for as a result of such Change in Control or under any other plan or arrangement of the Company (whether vested or paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of the Agreement or otherwise, but determined without regard to any additional payments required under this 30(e)(3) (collectively the Payments would be subject to the excise tax imposed by 4999 of the Code or any interest or penalties are incurred by Employee with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest and penalties are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Excise Tax ), then the Company shall make a timely payment on the Employee s behalf to the US Treasury or other applicable taxing authority (a Gross-Up Payment in an amount such that, if such payment had been made directly to Employee and the Employee had paid all Excise Taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such taxes) and other taxes, including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any interest and penalties imposed with respect thereto) and the Excise Tax imposed upon the Gross-Up Payment, Employee would have retained an amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments plus any additional Excise Tax imposed on the Gross-Up Payment. 

(4) Survival of Company's Obligation. Company's obligation to make the Gross-Up Payment and all other payments and benefits called for in this 30 shall survive Employee s separation from service with the Company. 

(5) Release. Company shall have the right to make all payments and benefits called for in this 30 subject to the condition that Employee sign a general release of claims against the Company substantially in the form attached to this Amendment Number One as EXHIBIT A and that such release becomes irrevocable no later than the end of the sixty (60) day period which starts on the date of Employee's separation from service; provided, however, such release condition shall only be applicable if the Company delivers such release to Employee on or before the date of Employee's separation from service. If the release condition set forth in this 30(e)(5) is applicable and the release becomes irrevocable no later than the end of such sixty (60) day period, the Company shall have the discretion to suspend any and all payments and benefits called for in this 30 until the end of such sixty (60) day period, but then all such payments and benefits then due shall be paid or provided at a time determined by the Company in its discretion which is no later than the end of the ten (10) day period which starts on the last day of such sixty (60) day period. 

5

This Amendment Number One may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed one and the same Amendment Number One. 

GeoVax Labs, Inc. 

By: 

Title: 
			 CEO 

Date: 
			 February 22, 2023 

Kelly T. McKee, Jr., M.D., MPH 

Date: 

6

EXHIBIT A 

GENERAL RELEASE 

This General Release Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into this ___ day of _____________, 20__ by and between GeoVax Labs, Inc (the "Company") and ________________ ("Employee"). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS, the Company delivered this Agreement to Employee on ___________ [month] __[day], 20__ (the "Delivery Date"); and 

WHEREAS. Employee currently has, or shortly will have, a right to a severance benefit pursuant to 30 of Employee's Employment Agreement with the Company (the "Employment Agreement"); and 

WHEREAS, the Company as a condition to the payment of such severance benefit has the right to require the Employee to timely sign this General Release Agreement and that this General Release Agreement thereafter become irrevocable; 

NOW THEREFORE, the Company and Employee for such consideration as each deems full and adequate do agree as follows: 

1 Employee, on behalf of Employee, his heirs, executors, personal representatives and administrators, irrevocably assigns, knowingly and unconditionally releases, remises and discharges the Company, its parents, all current or former affiliated or related companies of the Company and its partnerships, or joint ventures, and, with respect to each of them, all of the Company s or such related entities predecessors and successors, and with respect to each such entity, its past and present officers, trustees, directors, managers, employees, equity holders, advisors and counsel (collectively, the Company Parties from any and all actions, causes of action, charges, complaints, claims, damages, demands, debts, lawsuits, rights, understandings and obligations of any kind, nature or description whatsoever, known or unknown (collectively, the Claims ), arising out of or relating to the Employee s employment with the Company and Employee s termination of employment with the Company (the General Release ). 

A-1

2 This General Release by Employee includes, without limitation, (i) all Claims based upon actions or omissions (or alleged actions or omissions) that have occurred up to and including the last day of Employee s employment by the Company, regardless of ripeness or other limitation on immediate pursuit of any Claim in the absence of this Agreement; (ii) all Claims relating to or arising out of Employee s employment with and transition or termination from the Company, including, without limitation, any Claims arising under the Employment Agreement; (iii) all Claims (including Claims for discrimination, harassment, and retaliation) arising under any federal, state or local statute, regulation, ordinance, or the common law, including without limitation, Claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act), the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, 42 U.S.C. 1981, and any other federal or state law, local ordinance or common law claim, including for wrongful discharge, breach of implied or express contract, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, defamation or other tort; (iv) all Claims for reinstatement, attorney s fees, interest, costs, or additional compensation; and (v) any claims Employee may have pursuant to an internal grievance procedure at Company (including for the avoidance of doubt, all of its subsidiaries or affiliates). 

3 For the purpose of implementing a full and complete release, Employee understands and agrees that this General Release is intended to include all claims, if any, which Employee may have and which Employee does not now know or suspect to exist in Employee's favor against the Company Parties and this General Release extinguishes those claims. Accordingly, Employee expressly waives all rights afforded by any state statute or regulation in any applicable jurisdiction prohibiting, limiting, or restricting the waiver of unknown claims, to the extent so permitted by law. Employee makes this waiver with full knowledge of his rights and with specific intent to release both his known and unknown claims. 

4 This General Release does not release any Claim that relates to: (i) Employee s right to enforce this Agreement; (ii) any rights Employee may have to indemnification from personal liability or to protection under the Company's charter or by laws or any insurance policy maintained by the Company, including without limitation any general liability, or directors and officers insurance policy; (iii) Employee s right, if any, to government-provided unemployment and workers compensation benefits; or (iv) Employee s rights under any Company employee benefit plans, which by their explicit terms survive the termination of Employee s employment. 

5 Employee agrees that the consideration set forth in 30 of the Employment Agreement shall constitute the entire consideration provided under this Agreement, and that Employee will not seek from the Company Parties any further compensation or other consideration for any claimed obligation, entitlement, damage, cost or attorneys fees in connection with the matters encompassed by this Agreement. 

6 Employee agrees to the release of all known and unknown claims, including expressly the waiver of any rights or claims arising out of the Federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621, et seq. ADEA ), and in connection with such waiver of ADEA claims, and as provided by the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act, Employee understands and agrees as follows: 

(a) Employee has the opportunity to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement, and is hereby advised to do so; 

A-2

(b) Employee shall have a period of twenty-one (21) or, if required under ADEA, forty five (45) days from the Delivery Date in which to consider the terms of this Agreement (the Review Period ). Employee may at his option execute this Agreement at any time during the Review Period. Employee agrees that by signing this Agreement prior to the expiration of the Review Period, Employee has voluntarily waived Employee's right to consider this Agreement for the full Review Period. If Employee does not return the signed Agreement to the Company prior to the expiration of the Review Period, then the offer of severance benefits set forth in 5 shall lapse and shall be withdrawn by the Company; 

(c) Employee may revoke this Agreement at any time during the first seven (7) calendar days following Employee s signing this Agreement, and this Agreement and release shall not be effective or enforceable until that seven-day period has expired. Notice of a revocation by the Employee must be made to the designated representative of the Company within the seven (7) calendar day period after Employee signs this Agreement. If Employee revokes this Agreement, it shall not be effective or enforceable, and the offer of severance benefits set forth in 5 of this Agreement shall lapse and shall be withdrawn by the Company. Accordingly, the Effective Date of this Agreement shall be on the eighth (8th) calendar day after Employee signs this Agreement, provided that Employee does not revoke this Agreement during such seven (7) day revocation period; 

(d) Provided that Employee signs and does not revoke this Agreement, the Company shall pay Employee the amounts provided under 30 of Employee's Employment Agreement in consideration of the General Release, including the release of any claims that Employee may have under the ADEA. In the event Employee elects to revoke this release pursuant to 6(c), Employee shall notify Company by hand-delivery, express courier or certified mail, return receipt requested, within seven (7) days after signing this Agreement to: [to be completed before signing]. 

[Signatures on Following Page] 

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Employee have signed this Agreement effective as of the date Employee signs this Agreement. 

GeoVax Labs, Inc. 

By: 

Title: 

Employee 

Date 

[Signature Page to General Release] 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-10.101>
 4
 ex_489505.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10.1

ex_489505.htm 

Exhibit 10.101 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO OFFICE LEASE AGREEMENT 

This FIRST AMENDMENT TO OFFICE LEASE AGREEMENT Amendment is entered into this 14th of November , 2022 Amendment Effective Date ), by and between UCB, INC , a Delaware corporation Landlord and GEOVAX, INC., a Georgia corporation Tenant ). 

RECITALS 

A. Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Office Lease Agreement having an Effective Date of January 1, 2020 (the Lease for the Premises containing approximately 8,430 rentable square feet of office space located in Suites 360, 370 and 380 of the 1900 Building; such Building having the street address of 1950 Lake Park Drive, 1900 Building, Suite 380, Smyrna, Georgia 30080, as more particularly described in the Lease (the Premises and 

B. The current Term of the Lease expires December 31, 2022; and Tenant and Landlord desire to extend the Term of the Lease for an additional thirty six (36) months; and 

C. Thus, Landlord and Tenant desire to amend the Lease pursuant to the terms and conditions as set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE , for an in consideration of the premises, the mutual agreements and covenants set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 

1. 

Defined Terms .Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Lease. 

2. 

Amendment of Lease . The Lease is hereby amended as follows: 

a. 

Lease Term . The Lease Term as defined on page 1 of the Lease is hereby extended for an additional thirty-six (36) months beginning on January 1, 2023 and expiring at 6:00 P,M. Eastern Time on December 31, 2025 (the Extended Term ). The Expiration Date is hereby extended to December 31, 2025. The Term and the Extended Term are sometimes herein collectively referred to as, the Term. 

b. 

Termination Right . The prior written notice time frame in Section 2 of the Lease is hereby amended by deleting the two references to ninety (90) in the last sentence of this Section and substituting one hundred eighty (180) in lieu thereof. 

Page 1 of 4

c. 

Rent . Section 3, Rent shall be modified to add the following sums for Rent for the Extended Term: 

Extended Term 

Rental Rate 

Annual Base 

			 Rent 

Monthly Base 

			 Rent 

1/1/2023 to 12/31/2023 

21.55/s.f. 

181,666.00 

15,138.00 

1/1/2024 to 12/31/2024 

22.19/s.f. 

187,062.00 

15,588.00 

1/1/2025 to 12/31/2025 

22.86/s.f. 

192,710.00 

16,059.00 

d. 

Utilities and Services . Section 7 of the Lease is hereby amended as follows: 

(i) 

Normal Business Hours in Subsection (b) is hereby amended to be 8:00 A.M. to 5:00 P. M on Mondays through Fridays; 

(ii) 

Mail services in Subsection (f) is hereby amended by deleting the phrase drop off and pick up in its entirety; 

(iii) 

The location of the UCB cafeteria in Subsection (g) is hereby amended by deleting ground floor of 2100 building in its entirety and substituting in the 2050 Building in lieu thereof. 

e. 

Maintenance, Repair and Replacement . Notwithstanding anything in Section 9 or the Lease to the contrary, in the event there is a failure in any structural portion of the Building or the mechanical equipment therein, Landlord shall not be responsible to repair or replace such portion of the Building or equipment if the estimated cost for such replacement or repair exceeds 50,000. If a failure of a portion of the Building or mechanical system is estimated to exceed 50,000, the time frame for notice of a Landlord or Tenant termination under Section 2 of the Lease shall not apply and Landlord and Tenant, in good faith, shall mutually agree to a termination date. 

3. 

Acceptance of Premises . Tenant agrees that Tenant is familiar with the condition of the Premises and is already in possession of the Premises from Landlord and accepts the Premises as of the Amendment Effective Date in its "AS-IS" condition. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord has made no representation as to the condition of the Premises or the suitability of the Premises for Tenant's intended use, and Tenant has made its own inspection of the Premises. By being in possession of the Premises, Tenant shall be deemed to have accepted the Premises as suitable for the Permitted Use (as defined in Section 5 of the Lease). Landlord shall not be obligated to make any repairs, replacements or improvements (whether structural or otherwise) of any kind or nature to the Premises in connection with, or in consideration of, this Lease, except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Lease, as amended herein. 

4. 

No Default . Tenant hereby certifies to Landlord that as of the date hereof: (i) the Lease is in full force and effect; (ii) there currently exists no default by Landlord under the Lease, nor any condition which with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, would constitute a default under the Lease on the part of Landlord; (iii) Tenant has no existing set- offs, counterclaims, claims or defenses against Landlord for any sums under the Lease prior to the date hereof, and (iv) the Lease, as modified hereby, contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the Premises, the Lease and the Building. 

Page 2 of 4

5. 

Ratification . Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, all terms and conditions of the Lease are hereby verified and ratified by Landlord and Tenant and remain in full force and effect. 

6. 

Conflict . In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Amendment and the terms and conditions of the Lease, the terms and conditions of this Amendment shall control and prevail. 

7. 

The Lease and this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors, representatives and assigns. 

8. 

This Amendment may be executed in counterparts by the parties hereto and all such counterparts when taken together shall be deemed to be one original. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic means shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original counterpart of this Amendment. 

9. 

This Amendment shall be governed under the laws of the State in which the Premises is located. 

Signatures on following page . 

Page 3 of 4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment to be effective as of the Amendment Effective Date. 

GEOVAX, INC. 
			 
			 UCB, INC. 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
			 Mark Reynolds 
			 
			 Name: 
			 Jennifer Trevett 

Title: 
			 Chief Financial Officer 
			 
			 Title: 
			 Head of Legal US Global Immunology 

Date: 
			 08-Nov-2022 
			 
			 Date: 
			 11-Nov-2022 

Page 4 of 4

</EX-10.101>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex_489506.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_489506.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252437) of GeoVax Labs, Inc. of our report dated March 23, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of GeoVax Labs, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GeoVax Labs, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ WIPFLI LLP 

Atlanta, Georgia 

 March 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex_489507.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_489507.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, David A. Dodd, certify that: 

(1) 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GeoVax Labs, Inc.; 

(2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 

/s/ David A. Dodd 

David A. Dodd 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex_489508.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_489508.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Mark W. Reynolds, certify that: 

(1) 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GeoVax Labs, Inc.; 

(2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Mark W. Reynolds 

Mark W. Reynolds 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex_489509.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_489509.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of GeoVax Labs, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, I, David A. Dodd, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 

The annual report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 

/s/ David A. Dodd 

David A. Dodd 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex_489510.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_489510.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of GeoVax Labs, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, I, Mark W. Reynolds, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 

The annual report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company 

Dated: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Mark W. Reynolds 

Mark W. Reynolds 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 govx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 govx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 govx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 govx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 govx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

