<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1818089_0001104659-23-040081.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5491105</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>514752</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1050975</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1655393</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>952322</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1221280</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-040081.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331142308
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-040081
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001818089
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39666
		FILM NUMBER:		23786636

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CRESCENT COURT, SUITE 1900
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		469-398-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CRESCENT COURT, SUITE 1900
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-040081.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 boac-20211231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on an attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report., If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The registrant s units began trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE on October 27, 2020 and the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, and warrants began separate trading on December 18, 2020.; The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on the NYSE, was As of March 24, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding . 

Table of Contents 
 BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents 

Page No. PART I. Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 19 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 52 Item 2. Properties 52 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 52 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 52 PART II. 52 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 52 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 53 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 53 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 58 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 58 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 59 Item 9B. Other Information 60 PART III. 60 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 60 Item 11. Executive Compensation 63 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 64 Item 13. Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 65 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 71 PART IV. 71 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 71 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on July 9, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses that we have not yet identified Business Combination ). Although we are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, we intend to focus on businesses that have sound fundamentals but that have the opportunity for substantial performance enhancement through a combination of sharpening of strategic focus, more disciplined capital allocation, capital structure improvements, rationalization of cost structure, and enhanced management skillset. Our sponsor is Bluescape Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 27, 2020. On October 30, 2020, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 57,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 575.0 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 13,500,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our Sponsor, Bluescape Sponsor LLC, and an investment fund managed by Zimmer Partners LP Zimmer Entity ), generating gross proceeds of 13.5 million. We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 8,625,000 Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. Subsequently, on November 12, 2020, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of 3,250,000 additional units at a price of 10.00 per unit upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option (the Over-Allotment Option ), generating additional gross proceeds of 32.5 million to the Company. Simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the private placement of an additional 650,000 warrants, at a purchase price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, to Bluescape Sponsor LLC and the Zimmer Entity, generating gross proceeds of approximately 0.7 million. Incremental transaction costs related to the exercise of the over-allotment amounted to approximately 1.8 million, consisting of 0.7 million in incremental cash underwriting fees and 1.1 million of additional underwriting fees, which have been deferred until the completion of the Company s Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 575.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ). Upon closing of the underwriters Over-Allotment Option, an incremental 32.5 million of net proceeds were also placed in the trust account resulting in 607.5 million of aggregate proceeds. The Trust Account is located in the United States at Citibank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. On September 22, 2022, the Company liquidated its remaining portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account and converted it into cash held in the Trust Account. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. We also entered into a forward purchase agreement simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering with the Sponsor providing for the purchase of up to 3,000,000 forward purchase units, and with the Zimmer Entity providing for the purchase of up to 27,000,000 forward purchase units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial Business Combination collectively, the Forward Purchase Agreements ). Participation by the Forward Purchase Agreement providers is discretionary. However, if requested by the Company, and approved by Zimmer Partners investment committee, the proceeds from the sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Business Combination, expenses in connection with the initial Business Combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 On September 22, 2022, our shareholders held a meeting and approved and adopted an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the period of time for which we are required to consummate a Business Combination from October 30, 2022 to October 30, 2023 (the Extension ). In connection with the Extension, shareholders holding 53,350,554 shares of our Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in our Trust Account at a redemption price of approximately 10.06 per share. As a result, on September 22, 2022 536,494,151 in cash was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. If we are unable to complete a Business Combination by October 30, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Business Strategy Our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial Business Combination with a company that can benefit from the managerial and operational experience of our Sponsor and its members. We believe that the wide networks of our management team will deliver access to a broad spectrum of opportunities. We will seek to capitalize on the multiple decades of investment and business transformation experience of our team, led by Executive Chairperson and CEO, C. John Wilder. Mr. Wilder is a well-known entrepreneur with extensive deal-making experience. He has spent his over 40+ year career building, operating, and investing in businesses both in the private and public markets and has deep experience in the energy and industrial value chains in the United States and globally. He has also managed a multi-billion dollar private investment platform from both an operating and an investing perspective. We intend to identify and complete our initial Business Combination with a company that (i) complements the experiences and skills of our management team and (ii) can benefit from our team s operational and investment expertise. We will focus our efforts on opportunities we feel have a competitive advantage and where we believe that we are best situated to enhance the value of the business after completion of the Business Combination. We intend to employ a proactive, disciplined and highly selective acquisition process leveraging our management and board of directors extensive proprietary network of operating partners, executives, investors and advisors. This network has been developed through demonstrated success in both investing in and operating businesses including: Transforming underperforming companies into high performance businesses; Developing and growing companies, both organically and through acquisitions and strategic transactions; Sourcing, structuring, acquiring, and selling businesses; Accessing the capital markets across various business cycles; Fostering relationships with sellers, capital partners and target management teams; and Delivering above market investment return over long periods. 
 We intend to employ a proactive, disciplined, and highly selective acquisition process, and we believe Mr. Wilder s extensive proprietary network of operating partners, executives, investors, and advisors will provide numerous acquisition opportunities. Since the Initial Public Offering, the members of our Sponsor and the members of our management team have been communicating with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company as well as reviewing potential opportunities. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Acquisition Process Our objective is to find and execute an acquisition opportunity at an attractive valuation, enhance the business value through improvements, grow the company (both organically and through strategic acquisitions), and ultimately create shareholder value. We believe our management team is well positioned to identify and capture an attractive Business Combination opportunity. Our acquisition and sourcing process is outlined below: Leverage Broad and Extensive Network Capitalize on sponsor s history of managing multi-billion dollar platforms Utilize sponsor s multi asset class institutional investing expertise Seek Out Bottom of Cycle Investment Opportunities Employ fundamentals driven/value oriented approach Source opportunities from sponsor s proprietary network Generate attractive returns through unique transaction structuring Maximize Value Through Business Improvements Operational/commercial improvements Improved execution of growth capital and asset repositioning Accelerate portfolio repositioning Attract Quality Partners Underpinned by permanent capital Values alignment through sponsor s active participation Long term continuing equity interest 
 The aforementioned criteria and process guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial Business Combination. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Each of our directors and officers may, directly or indirectly, own founder shares and/or Private Placement Warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our Initial Business Combination. Further, such directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such directors and officers was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our Initial Business Combination. In addition, certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he, she or it will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any Business Combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial Business Combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. We anticipate structuring our initial Business Combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial Business Combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding ordinary shares, shares or other equity interests of a target. In 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on the NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. To the extent we effect our initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Business Combination. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive Business Combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other Business Combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares in the target business for our ordinary shares or for a combination of our ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a Business Combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed Business Combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete this offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent this offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that is held by non- 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Financial Position We offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial Business Combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations other than pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities for the initial Business Combination. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement and the Forward Purchase Agreements, our ordinary shares, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial Business Combination. We may seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt instruments, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our Business Combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. In addition to the Forward Purchase Agreements, we may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination, and we may effectuate our initial Business Combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. In the case of our initial Business Combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial Business Combination. At this time, other than the Forward Purchase Agreements, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are listed on the NYSE, our initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial Business Combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. We anticipate structuring our initial Business Combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial Business Combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding ordinary shares, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on the NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. To the extent we effect our initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Business Combination. Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read our prospectus and SEC filings and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial Business Combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial Business Combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial Business Combination; and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial Business Combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. Following our initial Business Combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under the NYSE s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial Business Combination if, for example: We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering); Any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by the NYSE rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person is a substantial security holder); or The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; other time and budget constraints of the company; and traditional legal complexities of a proposed Business Combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 
 Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial Business Combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial Business Combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial Business Combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial Business Combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 to vote against our initial Business Combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the initial Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the initial Business Combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial Business Combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial Business Combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial Business Combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial Business Combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial Business Combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates are restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases are required to be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares , without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed Business Combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, particularly in connection with a Business Combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed Business Combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed Business Combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE, we are required to comply with the NYSE rules. If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial Business Combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial Business Combination. As a result, our initial purchaser s founder shares represent a sufficient proportion of overall outstanding shares to approve our initial Business Combination. However, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor, each member of our management team, and our three independent directors that hold Founder Shares have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial Business Combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial Business Combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If we Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, particularly in connection with a Business Combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the Business Combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial Business Combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed Business Combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the Business Combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the Business Combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the Business Combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the Business Combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial Business Combination. If our initial Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a Business Combination with a different target until October 30, 2023. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that we will have only until October 30, 2023 to consummate an initial Business Combination. If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023 (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Barclays Capital Inc. will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to proceeds following our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial Business Combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial Business Combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the Business Combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination and If We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business Combination The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination and if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023: 

Redemptions in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination Other Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by Our Affiliates Redemptions if We Fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination Calculation of redemption price Redemptions at the time of our initial Business Combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination (which is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 and any limitations (including, but not limited, to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed Business Combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial Business Combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and no previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Impact to remaining shareholders The redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable. If the permitted purchases described above are made, there would be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our sponsor, who will be our only remaining shareholder after such redemptions. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial Business Combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial Business Combination. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 300 Crescent Court, Suite 1860, Dallas, TX 75201. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination and the stage of the Business Combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Financial Information About Prospective Target Business and Internal Controls We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with GAAP. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company and we are deemed to be either a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, we will also be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements, and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks were realized, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a recently incorporated exempted company under the laws of the Cayman Islands with operations since the Initial Public Offering limited to pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities for the initial Business Combination. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a Business Combination and may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our initial Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any Business Combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our initial Business Combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial Business Combination if the Business Combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the Business Combination we complete. Please see Item 1. Business Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of an investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a Business Combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial Business Combination. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our sponsor owns on an as-converted basis, approximately 67 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a general meeting are voted in favor of the Business Combination. As a result, our initial purchaser s founder shares represent a sufficient proportion of overall outstanding shares to approve our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial Business Combination will ensure that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial Business Combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a Business Combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business Combination and may instead search for an alternate Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us. In evaluating a prospective target business for our initial business combination, our management may rely on the availability of all of the funds from the sale of the forward purchase securities to be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Business Combination. If the sale of the forward purchase securities does not close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial Business Combination. We have entered into a forward purchase agreement with our sponsor providing for the purchase of up to 3,000,000 forward purchase units, and with the Zimmer Entity providing for the purchase of up to 27,000,000 forward purchase units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial Business Combination. However, if the sale of the forward purchase securities does not close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial Business Combination. The obligations of our sponsor and the Zimmer Entity to purchase the forward purchase securities are subject to the approval, prior to our entering into a definitive agreement for our initial Business Combination, of their respective investment committees and the forward purchase agreements contain customary closing conditions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial Business Combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. The COVID-19 outbreak has and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business Combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may not be able to consummate an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. The timeframe in which to consummate an initial Business Combination raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, our business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination, and if we are unable to complete a business combination by October 30, 2023, then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 1. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and the financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our independent auditors have included an Explanatory Paragraph on our ability to continue as a going concern in their audit opinion. As more fully described in the audit opinion preceding the financial statements herein, our independent auditors have included an Explanatory Paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern and noting that the accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the we will continue as a going concern and the financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial Business Combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the Business Combination, (2) reduce 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial Business Combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units as well as our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE. While we currently meet the minimum listing standards set forth in the NYSE listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial Business Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial Business Combination and, in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 For instance, in order for our shares to be listed upon the consummation of our Business Combination, at such time our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 200.0 million, the aggregate market value of publicly held shares would be required to be at least 100.0 million and we would be required to have at least 400 round lot shareholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. If the NYSE delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units as well as Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial Business Combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,001 and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial Business Combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if we were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial Business Combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial Business Combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. If the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until October 30, 2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial Business Combination. Of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, as of December 31, 2022, only 553,115 was available to us outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate until October 30, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, we do not 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. Subsequent to our completion of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 
 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a Business Combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our principal activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, on September 22, 2022, we liquidated our remaining portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account and converted it into cash held in the Trust Account. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 required time period, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond this date before redemption from our trust account. If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Law. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond October 30, 2023 before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial Business Combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial Business Combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,293 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial Business Combination. Prior to our initial Business Combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination. We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial Business Combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our Initial Public Offering. In such an instance, our sponsor, the Zimmer Entity, and their permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial Business Combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial Business Combination. The grant of registration rights to our sponsor, our independent directors and the Zimmer Entity may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into prior to the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our sponsor, our independent directors and the Zimmer Entity, and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements, we have agreed to use reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial Business Combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which our sponsor, the Zimmer Entity or their respective assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby, and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the Forward Purchase Agreements provide for certain piggy-back registration rights to the holders of forward purchase securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may pursue Business Combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a Business Combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a Business Combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a Business Combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular Business Combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our Initial Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained herein regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 7,399,446 and 15,187,500 authorized and issued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial Business Combination) at the time of our initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial Business Combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial Business Combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our Initial Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial Business Combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial Business Combination) at the time of our initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination (including the forward purchase shares, but not the forward purchase warrants), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial Business Combination. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed discussion of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to U.S. Holders. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. We may, in connection with our initial Business Combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Law, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. After our initial Business Combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial Business Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial Business Combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination, and a particular Business Combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the Business Combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to entered into prior to the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial Business Combination, is entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial Business Combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The loss of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that we renounce our interest in any Business Combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a Business Combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors, initial shareholders or the forward purchasers which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors, initial shareholders or forward purchasers. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into in connection with our Initial Public Offering, Greg Gordon will serve as a non-voting board observer until the consummation of an initial Business Combination. Other than certain customary confidentiality obligations, he is not required to devote any time to our affairs and will not be a party to the letter agreement and has other affiliations. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Such entities may compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial Business Combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a Business Combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after our Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. On July 13, 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 20,125,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On October 23, 2020, our sponsor surrendered 3,593,750 shares, resulting in an aggregate of 16,531,250 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, 1,343,750 additional Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting 15,187,500 Founder Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. Founder Shares have been surrendered so as to maintain the number of Founder Shares, on an as converted basis, at 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial Business Combination. In addition, our sponsor and the Zimmer Entity pursuant to written agreements, purchased an aggregate of 14,150,000 private placement warrants in private placements (13,500,000 simultaneously with the Initial Public Offering and 650,000 additional in connection with the underwriters over-allotment option exercise), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant 14,150,000 in the aggregate). If we do not consummate an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination, completing an initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination. This risk may become more acute as October 30, 2023 nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial Business Combination. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no current commitments to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial Business Combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may only be able to complete one Business Combination with the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering, the underwriters over-allotment option exercise, and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with proceeds that we may use to complete our initial Business Combination. In addition, prior to the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, we entered into Forward Purchase Agreements with our sponsor providing for the purchase of up to 3,000,000 forward purchase units, and with the Zimmer Entity providing for the purchase of up to 27,000,000 forward purchase units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial Business Combination. The forward purchase securities will be issued only in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination. The proceeds from the sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial Business Combination, expenses in connection with our initial Business Combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. There can be no assurance that the purchase of the forward purchase securities will close. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 We may effectuate our initial Business Combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial Business Combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding ordinary shares, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We may seek Business Combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek Business Combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the Business Combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our Business Combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial Business Combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. In order to effectuate an initial Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial Business Combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of Business Combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial Business Combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants, and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the forward purchase warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the forward purchase warrants, 50 of the then-outstanding forward purchase warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Combination by October 30, 2023 (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial Business Combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a Business Combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers and directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Although we believe that the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial Business Combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial Business Combination, the depletion 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this document. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Business Combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial Business Combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Our sponsor contributed 25,000 and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A ordinary shares. Upon closing of our Initial Public Offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the warrants included in the units, public shareholders incurred an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 97.0 (or 9.70 per share, assuming no exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) due to the issuance of founder shares. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial Business Combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public shareholders seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial Business Combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth herein, or defective provision (ii) amending 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement will provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. We may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us as so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial Business Combination. We issued warrants to purchase 30,375,000 of our Class A ordinary shares in our Initial Public Offering and in connection with the underwriters over-allotment option exercise. We also issued an aggregate of 14,150,000 private placement warrants (13,500,000 simultaneous with the Initial Public Offering and 650,000 in connection with the underwriters over-allotment option exercise), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. We may also issue up to 15,000,000 forward purchase warrants pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination. Unlike some blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities, excluding the forward purchase securities, for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target business. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial Business Combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a Business Combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Statement ). Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers following a business combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants. As a result of the SEC Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our 30,375,000 Public Warrants and our 14,150,000 Private Placement Warrants, and determined to classify the warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. As a result, included on our balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, contained elsewhere in this Annual Report, are derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained within our warrants. Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statements of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. In connection with the restatement, we reassessed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures for the periods affected by the restatement. As a result of that reassessment and in light of the SEC Staff Statement, we determined that our disclosure controls and procedures for such periods were not effective with respect to the classification of the company s warrants as components of equity instead of as derivative liabilities. We plan to enhance our processes and controls to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material weaknesses. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of prior material weaknesses and the related restatements to a change in accounting for the Warrants, and the reclassification of Class A ordinary shares as temporary equity outside of permanent, and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatements and material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this filing, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete a Business Combination. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. An investment in us may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. An investment in us may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to our units, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-half of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we issued in our Initial Public Offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. The failure of Silicon Valley Bank and recent turmoil in the banking industry may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. On March 10, 2023, the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation closed Silicon Valley Bank SVB and appointed 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although depositors at SVB received access to their funds, uncertainty and liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry remain. Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates. The U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments. However, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other needs of financial institutions for immediate liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. There is no guarantee that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions in a timely fashion or at all. The ultimate outcome of these events, and whether further regulatory actions will be taken, cannot be predicted. The extent to which these events impact our search for and completion of a business combination with a target business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning similarly situated financial institutions. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could impact our potential business targets as they may face a material decline in favorable commercial terms or available funding. This may make it more challenging for us to find a suitable target and complete a business combination. Further, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by these events. Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE; we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial Business Combination, and if we effect such initial Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border Business Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 If we effect our initial Business Combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; claws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; regime changes and political upheaval; terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial Business Combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 If our management following our initial Business Combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial Business Combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the Business Combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial Business Combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination and if we effect our initial Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial Business Combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial Business Combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a Business Combination target. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our offices are located at 300 Crescent Court, Suite 1860, Dallas, TX 75201. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II. ITEM 5. MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. Market Information Our units issued in the Initial Public Offering began trading on the NYSE under the symbol BOAC.U on October 27, 2020. Beginning on December 18, 2020, holders of our units could elect to separately trade the shares of Class A ordinary shares and public warrants contained in the units, or continue to trade the units without separating them. On such date, the shares of Class A ordinary shares and public warrants began trading on the NYSE under the symbols BOAC and BOAC WS, respectively. Each whole public warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per half share, subject to adjustment as described in our final prospectus dated October 27, 2020 related to the Initial Public Offering which was filed with the SEC. Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares of Class A ordinary shares and will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination. Our warrants expire five years after the completion of our Initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Holders As of March 24, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our separately traded shares of Class A ordinary shares, and there were 3 holders of record of our separately traded public warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Performance Graph Comparison of Cumulative Total Return Among Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp., the S P 500 Index, and the Russell 2000 Index 100 invested on October 27, 2020 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. For the period from October 27, 2020 through December 17, 2020, reflects the price of a unit, as separate trading of shares commenced on December 18, 2020. 

10/27/2020 12/31/2022 Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp. 100.00 100.25 S P 500 100.00 117.13 Russell 2000 100.00 113.72 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not applicable. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS References to we , us , our or the Company are to Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp., except where the context requires otherwise. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on July 9, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses that we have not yet identified. Although we are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, we intend to focus on businesses that have sound fundamentals but that have the opportunity for substantial performance enhancement through a combination of sharpening of strategic focus, more disciplined capital allocation, capital structure improvements, rationalization of cost structure, and enhanced management skillset. Our sponsor is Bluescape Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. If we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Results of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our activity has been limited to the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our Initial Business Combination. However, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. Additionally, we recognize non-cash gains and losses within other income (expense) related to changes in recurring fair value measurement of our warrant liabilities at each reporting period. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we had net income of 32.5 million, which consisted primarily of a non-cash gain from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 30.4 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of 50.7 million, which consisted primarily of a non-cash gain from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 51.5 million. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had approximately 0.6 million and 1.5 million, respectively, in our operating bank account for working capital. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, our liquidity has been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account of approximately 2.0 million as well as an expense reimbursement of approximately 1.2 million. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial Business Combination. We may withdraw income earned on investments (if any) to pay our income taxes, if any. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. We will be using our existing working capital funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Going Concern Consideration As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, our business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination, and if we are unable to complete a business combination by October 30, 2023, then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 1. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and the financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Related Party Transactions Founder Shares There are 15,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Founder Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the Founder Shares automatically convert into shares of Class A ordinary shares at the time of our Initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustments and certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial Business Combination. Our Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or similar transaction after a Business Combination that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-division, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lockup. Private Placement Warrants We have issued an aggregate of 14,150,000 Private Placement warrants. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of our Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Initial Business Combination is not completed by October 30, 2023, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our Sponsor and our officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Forward Purchase Agreements We also have a forward purchase agreement with the Sponsor providing for the purchase of up to 3,000,000 forward purchase units, and with the Zimmer Entity providing for the purchase of up to 27,000,000 forward purchase units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial Business Combination. Participation by the Forward 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Purchase Agreement providers is discretionary. However, if requested by the Company, and approved by Zimmer Partners investment committee, the proceeds from the sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Business Combination, expenses in connection with the initial Business Combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. If we do not consummate an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, will be entitled to registration rights (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion of such shares to Class A ordinary shares) pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Pursuant to the forward purchase agreements, we have agreed to use reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of a Business Combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the Sponsor, the Zimmer Entity or their respective assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the forward purchase agreements provide that these holders will have certain piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. Commitments and Contingencies Underwriting Agreement The underwriter was entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or 11.5 million in the aggregate paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and an incremental 0.7 million paid upon the Over-Allotment Option exercise (for an aggregate of approximately 12.2 million). In addition, 0.35 per unit, or 21.3 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions (inclusive of approximately 1.1 million of incremental deferred commissions related to the Over-Allotment Exercise). The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Administrative Support Agreement We have an agreement through the earlier of our consummation of a Business Combination and our liquidation, to reimburse our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services. As of December 31, 2022, we have accrued 30,000 payable to Sponsor which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. Risks and Uncertainties On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (the COVID-19 outbreak ). In March 2020, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic, based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. The full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve. The impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak and related advisories and restrictions. These developments and the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the financial markets and the overall economy are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the financial markets and/or the overall economy are impacted for an extended period, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, our ability to complete an Initial Business Combination may be materially adversely affected due to significant governmental measures being implemented to contain the COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact, including travel restrictions, the 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 shutdown of businesses and quarantines, among others, which may limit our ability to have meetings with potential investors or affect the ability of a potential target company s personnel, vendors and service providers to negotiate and consummate an Initial Business Combination in a timely manner. Our ability to consummate an Initial Business Combination may also be dependent on the ability to raise additional equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak and the resulting market downturn. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting policies: Net Income per Ordinary Share We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Remeasurement adjustments associated with the redeemable shares of Class ordinary shares are excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the initial Public Offering and Private Placement in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Under this guidance, shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Shares of conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. Our Class A ordinary shares features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 7,399,446 and 60,750,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, is presented, at redemption value, as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheets. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional paid-in capital, in accumulated deficit. Warrant Liabilities We account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own common stock, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815 ), the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity classification and must be recorded as liabilities. The Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants are not indexed to the Company s own stock and therefore are accounted for as liabilities and, as the warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815, the Warrants are measured at fair value at inception and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820 , Fair Value Measurement , with changes in fair value recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period of change. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Our warrant agreements between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agreement ), include settlement terms and provision related to certain tender offers following a business combination. In consideration of the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, we have concluded that such provisions in the Warrant Agreement that relate to certain tender or exchange offers precludes the Warrants from being accounted for as components of equity. As the Warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815, the Warrants are recorded as derivative liabilities on the balance sheet and measured at fair value at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in the statements of operations in the period of change. The Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants are not indexed to the Company s own stock and therefore are accounted for as liabilities and, as the warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815 Fair Value Measurement , with changes in fair value recognized in the statements of operations in the period of change. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Under Item 3030(b)(1), a registrant is no longer required to disclose its off-balance-sheet arrangements in a separately caption section; however, in accordance with Instruction 8 to Item 303(b), a registrant must disclose material off-balance-sheet arrangement as part of the Liquidity and Capital resources discussion. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, were invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds or in certain money market funds that invest solely in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. On September 22, 2022, we liquidated our remaining portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account and converted it into cash held in the Trust Account. We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception and we do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, due to the events that led to the Company s previous restatement of its financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, to reclassify the Company s Derivative Instruments and Temporary Equity, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15I under the Exchange Act) were not effective. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of these inherent limitations, management does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. Management conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 2013 Framework ). Based on our evaluation under the 2013 Framework, as required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022 and 2021. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). The SEC published the SEC Warrant Accounting Statement, which resulted in our reconsideration of the accounting treatment of our Derivative Instruments and the restatement of our financial statements Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, re-evaluated our internal control over financial reporting and concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to our accounting for warrants in a previous period. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 As a result of that reassessment, the Company s management determined that its disclosure controls and procedures for such periods during the period covered by this report were not effective, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed on April 15, 2022, and due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting which resulted in the restatement described in Note 2 of that filing. Notwithstanding the material weaknesses identified as a result of these restatements and error corrections, management has concluded that our audited financial statements included in the herein are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with GAAP for each of the periods presented herein. The Amendment does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting In light of the restatement of our financial statements included in the Amendment, we plan to enhance our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Our management is reviewing and revising the design of our controls and procedures over our accounting for derivative liabilities and equity treatment of Class A Common Stock. Contemplated enhancements include implementation of additional procedures related to documentation of our management s evaluation of the facts and circumstances supporting its judgments and conclusions surrounding our accounting for derivative liabilities and equity treatment of Class A Common Stock as well as consultation with third-party accounting and valuation experts with relevant knowledge and experience to assist our management with its evaluation of our accounting for such items. In light of the previously noted material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors and Executive Officers Our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position C. John Wilder 64 Executive Chairperson, Non-Independent Director and Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Siegler 51 President and Chief Operating Officer, Non-independent Director Tristan Yopp 37 Chief Financial Officer Curtis H bert, Jr. 60 Independent Director Graham van t Hoff 61 Independent Director Duncan Palmer 57 Independent Director Greg Gordon 51 Independent Non-Voting Board Observer 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 C. John Wilder serves as our Executive Chairperson, Non-Independent Director, and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Wilder is also the Executive Chairperson and member of the Investment Committee of three investment vehicles: (i) Bluescape Resources Company; (ii) Parallel Resource Partners; (iii) and Bluescape Energy Partners. Mr. Wilder serves as Chairperson of the Board and Director on several portfolio companies. Mr. Wilder founded Bluescape in 2007, serving as Executive Chairman. Bluescape is a private alternative investment firm focusing on oil and gas, energy infrastructure, power, and utilities, with over 2.0 billion under management as of March 31, 2020. During more than ten years as a private investor, Mr. Wilder has executed 25 major private equity investments totaling over 1.6 billion of risk equity across three institutional platforms. Throughout his institutional investing career, Mr. Wilder has consistently assembled high quality investment teams capable of creating substantial value through in-depth knowledge of global energy markets and long-term relationships. Mr. Wilder has also consistently implemented disciplined investment decision making and top quality management processes and has employed active portfolio management with the ability to step in and operate any portfolio company. Mr. Wilder started in the energy business in Texas almost 40 years ago with the Royal Dutch/Shell Group, where he rose to the position of Chief Executive Officer of Shell Capital in London, before serving as CFO of Entergy and Chairperson and CEO of TXU Corp. For his achievements at TXU, the Harvard Business Review named Mr. Wilder twice as one of the Best Performing CEOs in the World. Institutional Investor named Mr. Wilder as one of the Ten Best CEOs in America in 2004 and Best CEO and CFO in the Electric Power Sector in all the years he was in the power industry. Mr. Wilder earned a Master s in Business Administration from The University of Texas and he graduated magna cum laude from Southeast Missouri State University with a Bachelor s in Business Administration, also receiving the university s Distinguished Alumni award. Mr. Wilder is on the advisory boards of the McCombs School of Business at The University of Texas at Austin and the A.B. Freeman School of Business at Tulane University. Mr. Wilder is also a Trustee of Texas Health Resources and is a past member of the National Petroleum Council, a U.S. Secretary of Energy Appointment. Jonathan Siegler serves as the President and Chief Operating Officer and Non-Independent Director. Mr. Siegler also serves as a Managing Director and member of the Investment Committee of three investment vehicles: (i) Bluescape Resources Company, (ii) Parallel Resource Partners and (iii) Bluescape Energy Partners. Mr. Siegler also serves on the Valuation, Compliance, and Risk Committees for the investment vehicles. Mr. Siegler serves on the boards of many of the portfolio investments and is responsible for driving performance management, strategy, investment decision making and transaction execution. As a Managing Director, Mr. Siegler helped lead more than 1.6 billion of investments across 25 major investments. Highlights include the origination and greenfield development of one of the largest contiguous positions in the Marcellus Shale, the development of long haul transmissions lines to enable wind generation and the performance improvement of multiple deregulated energy companies. Mr. Siegler was formerly Senior Vice President of Strategy and M A at TXU Corp. He helped (i) design and implement the performance improvement program, (ii) ensure the competitive market was maintained in Texas, (iii) design TXU s new build generation strategy and (iv) led the sale of TXU to an investment group led by affiliates of KKR, TPG and Goldman Sachs. Prior to TXU, Mr. Siegler was an engagement manager at McKinsey Company leading strategy, finance, and operations work across the energy/industrial sector. Mr. Siegler led strategic turnaround work at both E P and power companies and led operations turnaround work at power plants. Prior to that, Mr. Sigler served as a lieutenant aboard the nuclear powered ballistic missile submarine USS Pennsylvania (SSBN 735B), qualifying as a naval nuclear engineer, and receiving three Navy and Marine Corps achievement medals for superior service. Mr. Siegler earned a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the United States Naval Academy, where he graduated with distinction. Tristan Yopp serves as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Yopp has over 14 years of experience in financial reporting, corporate development, M A, and business transformation. He is also a vice president of Bluescape Energy Partners. In this capacity, he is responsible for deal evaluation, diligence, negotiation, structuring, and post-closing portfolio management. Previously, he served as a Senior Manager of Financial Planning Analysis at Celanese (NYSE: CE) where he oversaw three international business lines. Mr. Yopp originally joined Bluescape in 2018 and is involved in all areas of the firm s investment activities, with a dedicated focus on utilities, renewables and special situations. Mr. Yopp began his career in the audit practice at KPMG. Mr. Yopp holds a Master s in Business Administration from The University of Texas and a Bachelor s degree in Accounting and Business Administration from Centenary College. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA). Curtis H bert, Jr. is the former Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and a former Executive Vice President for Entergy Corporation. He also currently serves as a visiting scholar with the Bipartisan Policy Center in Washington, where he co-chairs the Energy Reliability Task Force. Mr. Hebert most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of Lexicon Strategy 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Group, an energy, finance and regulatory law advisory firm where he advised energy companies and corporations throughout the globe on numerous matters, including building accountability and transparency into corporate governance, improving the quality of regulatory filings, reporting and relationships, and executing complex, structured regulatory settlements. Mr. Hebert is highly networked both inside and outside the energy industry, from regulators and government officials to analysts and executives. He has developed broad and deep experience in all segments of the energy sector, spanning exploration and production, natural gas transportation, electric generation and distribution, chemicals, and mining. He also brings a thorough knowledge of national and international energy markets, policy, and regulatory processes. Mr. Hebert has also spent years in the telecommunications, transportation, and water/sewage sector on regulatory filings and administrative hearings. Mr. Hebert holds a Juris Doctorate from the Mississippi College School of Law and a Bachelor s from the University of Southern Mississippi. Graham van t Hoff is the former CEO of Shell Chemicals, Executive Vice President of Shell Alternative Energies, board member of Shell International Petroleum Co. and Chairman of Shell UK Limited. He has extensive board experience on several global joint ventures including Raizen, the world s largest biofuels company, Infineum, the high performing Lubricant Additives company and as Chairman of one of the largest Chinese chemical companies, CSPC (CNOOC Shell Petrochemicals Co). During his tenure at Shell, Mr. van t Hoff oversaw significant global growth in the revenue and profit of Shell s chemical businesses, with revenues exceeding 24 billion and profit after tax exceeding 2 billion. Mr. van t Hoff s 35 years of experience spans multiple segments of the energy and chemicals sectors from upstream through refining, marketing and trading, P L leadership, strategy, government relations, technology and IT. Mr. van t Hoff s extensive international business experience includes appointments to the boards and executive committees of multiple international chemical industry associations, including ACC the American Chemistry Council, CEFIC the European Chemical Industry Association, and ICCA the International Council of Chemical Associations. He was a founding member of the Alliance to End Plastic Waste, formed in 2019 which gained 1.5 billion of funding commitments since its formation. Mr. van t Hoff holds a Master s in Business Management, with Distinction, from Manchester Business School and a Masters in Chemistry from the University of Oxford. Duncan Palmer is the Chief Financial Officer of Cushman Wakefield, a leading global real estate services company, former Chief Financial Officer of RELX, a global provider of information-based analytics and decision tools and former Chief Financial Officer of Owens Corning, a global manufacturer of building materials and fiber glass reinforcements. He also currently serves on the board of Oshkosh Corporation, a leading critical vehicle and equipment supplier with global operations, where he is chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Palmer led Cushman Wakefield s IPO and currently oversees all aspects of the Company s financial operations including multiple corporate functions from treasury and investor relations to tax and internal audit. Mr. Palmer has extensive financial operations, transactional, and business development knowledge and experience through current and previous Chief Financial Officer appointments at Cushman Wakefield, RELX, Owens Corning and as a senior finance executive at Royal Dutch Shell. Mr. Palmer s extensive international business experience includes leadership of world-class finance organizations ranging in size from 500-2,000 employees and encompasses multi-billion dollar capital allocation programs, merger integrations, debt offerings and share repurchase programs. His experience spans many segments of the energy, lubricants, materials, information services and real estate sectors. Mr. Palmer has deep transactional and business development experience, having overseen mergers and acquisitions execution as well as corporate strategy design and execution. Mr. Palmer holds a Master s of Business Administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and Master s degree from St. John s College Cambridge (UK). He is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (UK). Greg Gordon oversees North American utilities research for Zimmer Partners, LP Zimmer ). Prior to joining Zimmer in 2020, Mr. Gordon spent 25 years as a securities analyst covering U.S. utility and power companies. Most recently, Mr. Gordon spent 8 1/2 years as Senior Managing Director and Head of Power and Utilities Research at Evercore ISI, where Mr. Gordon s team ranked number 3 in the Institutional Investor All America Research Team for Power and Utilities research (the II Poll in 2019 and had been highly ranked in the II Poll since 2004. Prior to joining Evercore ISI, Mr. Gordon led the Power and Utilities research effort at Morgan Stanley after spending almost 7 years at Citigroup, also building their coverage of Power and Utilities. Prior to Citigroup, Mr. Gordon covered the power industry at Goldman Sachs and CIBC World Markets, Inc. Additionally, he worked at Regulatory Research Associates, where he analyzed regulatory issues and developments in the electric, gas, and telecommunications industries. Mr. Gordon graduated from Drew University with a B.A. in Economics and is a Chartered Financial Analyst. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of the NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee Upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, we established an audit committee of the board of directors. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is independent and financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Palmer, the Chair of the audit committee, qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. Curtis Hebert, Jr. and Graham van t Hoff also serve as members of our audit committee. Additional information about director independence is set forth in Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below. Director Nominations Our nominating and corporate governance committee will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the shareholders. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Code of Ethics Upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, we adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during 2020 there were no delinquent filers. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION None of our directors or officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, directors and officers, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. After the completion of our initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 proposed Business Combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination, although it is possible that some or all of our directors and officers may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. We are not party to any agreements with our directors and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the Board or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Class A ordinary shares as of March 24, 2023 by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of Class A ordinary shares; each of our directors and executive officers; and all our directors and executive officers as a group. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 24, 2023. On July 13, 2020, our Sponsor purchased 20,125,000 shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. On October 23, 2020, our Sponsor surrendered 3,593,750 Founder Shares, resulting in an aggregate of 16,531,250 Founder Shares. As a result of the subsequent underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, 1,343,750 additional Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting 15,187,500 Founder Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. On October 27, 2020, the Sponsor transferred 15,000 Founder Shares to each of our independent director nominees, at the original per share purchase price. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments. Unless otherwise specified, the business address of each person listed below is c/o 300 Crescent Court, Suite 1860, Dallas, TX 75201. Unless otherwise specified, the percentages set forth in the table below are based upon 22,586,946 ordinary shares, which includes 7,399,446 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units sold in our initial public offering, and 15,187,500 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of March 24, 2023. Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and vote together as a single class, except as required by law; provided, that holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and holders of our Class A ordinary shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares (4) Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Number of Number of Ordinary Shares Approximate Shares Approximate Shares Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned of Class Owned of Class Owned Bluescape Sponsor LLC (Our Sponsor) (2) 15,142,500 99.7 67.0 C. John Wilder (2) 15,142,500 99.7 67.0 Jonathan Siegler Tristan Yopp Curtis H bert, Jr. (3) 15,000 Graham van t Hoff (3) 15,000 Duncan Palmer (3) 15,000 Nomura Holdings, Inc. (4) 945,281 12.8 4.2 All directors and executive officers as a group (6 individuals) (2) 15,187,500 100.0 67.2 

 Less than 1 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 300 Crescent Court, Suite 1860, Dallas, TX 75201. (2) The shares reported above are held in the name of our Sponsor. Our Sponsor is controlled by Mr. Wilder. Interest shown consists solely of Founder Shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. Excludes Forward Purchase Shares that will only be issued, if at all, at the time of our initial Business Combination. The business address of our Sponsor is c/o Bluescape Sponsor, LLC, 300 Crescent Court, Suite 1860, Dallas, TX 75201. (3) Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his membership interest in our sponsor. Interest shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. (4) Based upon the Statement on Schedule 13G/A filed by Nomura Holdings, Inc. on February 14, 2023. Consists of Class A ordinary shares underlying units held for the account of Nomura Holdings, Inc. The shares are beneficially owned by Nomura Global Financial Products, Inc. NGFP ). NGFP is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. Nomura Holdings, Inc. and NGFP, have shared power to vote the Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by Nomura Holdings, Inc. The address of the business office of each of the Reporting Persons is Worldwide Plaza, 309 West 49 th Street, New York, NY, 10019 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE On July 13, 2020, our Sponsor purchased 20,125,000 shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. On October 23, 2020, our Sponsor surrendered 3,593,750 Founder Shares, resulting in an aggregate of 16,531,250 Founder Shares. As a result of the subsequent underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, 1,343,750 additional Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting 15,187,500 Founder Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. On October 27, 2020, the Sponsor transferred 15,000 Founder Shares to each of our independent director nominees, at the original per share purchase price. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 13,500,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our Sponsor and an investment fund 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 managed by Zimmer Partners, LP generating gross proceeds of 13,500,000. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our Class A ordinary shares at 11.50 per share. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. As a result of the subsequent underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, the Company consummated the private placement of an additional 650,000 warrants, at a purchase price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, to Bluescape Sponsor LLC and the Zimmer Entity, generating gross proceeds of 650,000. We also entered into a forward purchase agreement simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering with the Sponsor providing for the purchase of up to 3,000,000 forward purchase units, and with the Zimmer Entity providing for the purchase of up to 27,000,000 forward purchase units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial Business Combination. Participation by the Forward Purchase Agreement providers is discretionary. However, if requested by the Company, and approved by Zimmer Partners investment committee, the proceeds from the sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Business Combination, expenses in connection with the initial Business Combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. If we do not consummate an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The Forward Purchase Agreement also provides that Forward Purchasers are entitled to certain registration rights with respect to their Forward Purchase Shares. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our Sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial Business Combination. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, directors and officers, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Our Sponsor had agreed to loan us an aggregate of 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to the terms of the Note. This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. We fully repaid the Note on October 30, 2020 and no amounts under the Note were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our directors and officers, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. After our initial Business Combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial Business Combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Registration Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement we entered into in connection with the Initial Public Offering, requiring us to register such securities and any of our other equity securities that such persons may hold from time to time for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to our Class A ordinary shares). The holders of 20 of these securities are entitled to make up to four demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of our initial Business Combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder Shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to our Initial Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for ordinary share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination, or (y) subsequent to our initial Business Combination, the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Pursuant to the forward purchase agreement, we have agreed that we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file within 30 days after the closing of our initial Business Combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the Forward Purchase Shares and to cause such registration statement to be declared effective as soon as practicable after it is filed. Conflicts of Interest In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors, initial shareholders or forward purchasers. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into in connection with our Initial Public Offering, Greg Gordon will serve as a non-voting board observer until the consummation of an initial Business Combination. Other than certain customary confidentiality obligations, he is not required to devote any time to our affairs and will not be a party to the letter agreement and has other affiliations. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Such entities may compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial Business Combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a Business Combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and duty to exercise independent judgment. 
 In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any Business Combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. Our investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any fulltime employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this prospectus and will purchase private placement warrants in a transaction that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30- trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and independent directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 
 In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to m or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial Business Combination. Further, commencing on the date of our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will also reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial Business Combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Related Party Policy We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the Company. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our Sponsor, directors or officers unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that our initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our Sponsor, directors or officers, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination. However, the following payments will be made to our Sponsor, directors or officers, or our or their affiliates, none of which may be made from the amounts held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination: Repayment of up to 300,000 in loans made to us by our Sponsor (pursuant to the Note, which was repaid in October 2020); Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing our initial Business Combination; and Repayment of loans which may be made by our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the terms of which have no been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. 
 Number and Terms of Office of Directors and Officers We have five directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Siegler, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. van t Hoff and Mr. H bert, will expire at the second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Wilder and Mr. Palmer, will expire at the third annual meeting of shareholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial Business Combination. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Director Independence The NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. van t Hoff, Mr. H bert and 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Palmer are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The firm of Marcum LLP Marcum served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm from July 9, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered. Audit Fees Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum related to audit and review totaled 87,655 and 66,433 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The above amounts include services in connection with interim review procedures and audit services in connection with our Initial Public Offering, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit Related Fees We did not incur any audit-related fees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees We did not incur any fees for tax services during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All Other Fees All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay Marcum for other services other than those set forth above. Pre-Approval Policy The audit committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors as provided under the audit committee charter. PART IV. ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Financial Statements 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the periods ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the periods ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination, and management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by October 30, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. March 31, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Cash and investments held in Trust Account Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit: Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Warrant liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Shareholders Deficit: Preferred shares, par value shares authorized issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption, respectively) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Stock-based compensation expense - Directors General and administrative expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Gain, dividends and interest on investments held in Trust Account Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Total other income Net income Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, Class A Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, Class B The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Ordinary Shares Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Additional Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of January 1, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation - Directors Remeasurement adjustment on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation - Directors Remeasurement adjustment on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Gain, dividends and interest on investments held in Trust Account ) ) Stock-based compensation - Directors Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Prepaid expenses ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to redeeming shareholders Net cash provided by investing activities Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Redemption of Class A ordinary shares ) Net cash (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash ) ) Cash - beginning of the period Cash - end of the period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Remeasurement adjustment on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate price of . On October 23, 2020, the Sponsor surrendered Founder Shares, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, additional Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in Founder Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Founder Shares outstanding will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination on a -for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments, as described in Note 7. On September 22, 2022, the Company s shareholders held a meeting and approved and adopted an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the period of time for which the Company is required to consummate a Business Combination from October 30, 2022 to October 30, 2023 (the Extension ). In connection with the Extension, shareholders holding shares of the Company s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account (as defined below) at a redemption price of approximately per share. As a result, on September 22, 2022 in cash was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. The registration statement for the Company s Public Offering became effective on October 27, 2020. On October 30, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Subsequently, on November 12, 2020, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units at a price of per unit upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to partially exercise the Over-Allotment option, generating additional gross proceeds of to the Company and resulting in an aggregate of outstanding Units as of November 12, 2020 (Note 3). Each unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole public warrant entitles the holder to purchase ordinary share at a price of per share. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor and an investment fund managed by Zimmer Partners, LP Zimmer Entity ), generating gross proceeds of . In connection with the November 12, 2020 exercise of the underwriters Over-Allotment option, the Company consummated the private placement of an additional warrants, at a purchase price of per private placement warrant, to Bluescape Sponsor LLC and an investment fund managed by Zimmer Partners, LP, generating gross proceeds of and resulting in an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants (Note 4). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash of and , respectively, was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) for working capital purposes. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was placed in a segregated trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. On September 22, 2022, the Company liquidated its remaining portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account and converted it into cash held in the Trust Account. Substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating an initial Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully and the Company must complete an initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Other than the withdrawal of interest to pay franchise and income taxes (less up to to pay dissolution expenses), none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earliest of: (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption (liquidation) of public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023, subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for an initial Business Combination, will either (i) seek shareholder approval of the initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which shareholders may seek to redeem their Public Shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the initial Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes, or (ii) provide shareholders with the opportunity to sell their Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest not previously released to the Company to pay income taxes. The per-share amount to be distributed to public shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of the initial Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their Public Shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek shareholder approval, unless a vote is required by law or under NYSE rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, it will complete its initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the initial Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related initial Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate initial Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is 
 F-8 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Company will have until October 30, 2023 (the Combination Window to complete a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and the Company s independent directors the hold Founder Shares have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to Founder Shares and Public Shares held in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, (b) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to Founder Shares if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Window (as defined below) and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, if the Sponsor or any of the Company s directors, officers or affiliates acquires shares of Class A ordinary shares in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time period. None of the Company s independent directors hold any Public Shares. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Public Offering price of per Unit. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) the amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Shares due to reductions in the value of the trust will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all 
 F-9 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 in its operating bank account for working capital. The Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the initial Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. If the Company is unable to complete a business combination by October 30, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. There is no assurance that a business combination target will be identified prior to October 30, 2023. The financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and the financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after October 30, 2023. Risks and Uncertainties Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 and Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, is presented, at redemption value, as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional paid-in capital, in accumulated deficit. unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands Company as is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. The Company has no offices or employees in the Cayman Islands. Gross income earned by BOAC in 2022 was passive investment income in the form of interest. The mere earning of passive investment income is insufficient to cause BOAC, as a foreign corporation, to be considered to be engaged in a U.S. Trade or Business and interest paid by a U.S. banking institution to a foreign corporation that is not effectively connected income is exempt from U.S. income tax. Therefore BOAC is not subject to U.S. or Cayman Islands income taxes. As such, the Company s tax provision was for the period presented. Founder Shares (Class B ordinary shares) to each of the Company s independent director nominees vesting on grant date, after one year from the date of the Initial Public Offering, and after two years from the date of the Initial Public Offering. Share-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date, 
 F-13 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 and is recognized over the participant s requisite service period. The Company recognized and of stock-based compensation expense related to the awards in 2022 and 2021, respectively. units at a price of per unit during the year ended December 31, 2020. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share (the Ordinary Share ), par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). The Company granted the underwriters a -day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover any over-allotments at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 12, 2020, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of an additional, and final units at a price of per unit upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, generating additional gross proceeds of to the Company and resulting in an aggregate of Units. Each Unit consists of Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Ordinary Share at a price of per share. The Company paid an underwriting discount to the underwriters at the closing of the Initial Public Offering and upon the over-allotment option exercise, a portion of which will be deferred and payable upon the Company s completion of a Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its Business Combination. Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of . On November 12, 2020, simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor and the Zimmer Entity purchased, severally and not jointly, Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of and resulting in an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share. There are no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable (except as described under Redemption of 
 F-14 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022) so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. The Sponsor, Zimmer Entity, and the Company s officers and directors have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until after the completion of the Business Combination. shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate price of . On October 23, 2020, the Sponsor surrendered Founder Shares, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares. Subsequently, as a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, additional Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in Founder Shares outstanding. The Founder Shares outstanding will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments, as described in Note 8. On October 27, 2020, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent director nominees at a nominal value (see Note 2). The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments. All Founder Shares, including those transferred to the Company s independent directors, will be worthless if the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination. In connection with the issuance of the Founder Shares, the Sponsor has paid third parties directly for costs associated with formation of the Company and issuance of the Founder Shares. The Sponsor and the Company s independent directors have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or similar transaction after a Business Combination that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-division, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lockup. Administrative Support Agreement Commencing on the effective date of the Public Offering, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying such administrative support fees. As of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued payable to Sponsor which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 forward purchase units, and with the Zimmer Entity providing for the purchase of up to forward purchase units, at a purchase price of per unit, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination collectively, the Forward Purchase Agreements ). Participation by the Forward Purchase Agreement providers is discretionary. However, if requested by the Company, and approved by Zimmer Partners investment committee, the proceeds from the sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, expenses in connection with the initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. The number of Forward Purchase Securities to be issued and sold by the Company and purchased by the Purchaser hereunder shall be determined upon formal request to the Forward Purchase providers. In no event less than ten ) Business Days prior to the Company s entry into a definitive business combination agreement, the Company shall provide the Forward Purchasers with a notice requesting Forward Purchaser to purchase the maximum units under the Forward Purchase Agreements. Within five ) Business Days after receipt of the notice, the Purchaser shall provide the Company with their decision as to the number of units they wish to purchase. At least two ) Business Days before the business combination closing, the Company shall provide the Purchaser with an updated notice. including its determination, based on the actual number of Public Shares (as defined below) validly submitted for redemption or other changes in the cash requirements, of the number of Forward Purchase Securities that it desires the Purchaser to purchase pursuant to this Agreement. The request for the Forward Purchase Agreement funding is initiated by the Company entirely at its option. There is no binding funding obligation between the parties at the inception of the Forward Purchase Agreement. The Forward Purchasers have the option not to respond to the request to fund, or respond with an indication of no intent to fund. demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Pursuant to the forward purchase agreements, the Company has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts (i) to file within after the closing of a Business Combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than sixty ) days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the Sponsor, the Zimmer Entity or their respective assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the forward purchase agreements provide that these holders will have certain piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per unit related to the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate including the partially exercised underwriters over-allotment option. In addition, the underwriters are 
 F-16 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per Unit, or in the aggregate including the partially exercised underwriters over-allotment option. The deferred fee will be waived by the underwriters in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. shares of preferred shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred shares issued or outstanding. Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, which are presented in temporary equity. The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share (the Founder Shares ). Holders of Founder Shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. The Company originally issued Founder Shares. On October 23, 2020, the Sponsor surrendered Founder Shares, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, additional Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting Founder Shares outstanding. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis. Holders of Founder Shares will have the right to elect all of the Company s directors prior to a Business Combination. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and Founder Shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders except as required by law. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which Founder Shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Founder Shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, (including the Forward Purchase Shares, but not the Forward Purchase Warrants) excluding any shares or equity linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, any private placement equivalent warrants issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination. In no event will the Founder Shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants in connection with the Initial Public Offering and subsequent underwriters over-allotment option exercise during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) from the closing of the Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Warrants will not be transferable, 
 F-17 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except that the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A ordinary shares is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Denominator: Weighted average Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption outstanding Basic and diluted net income per Class A ordinary share, subject to possible redemption Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares Numerator: Net income Net income allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) ) Net income allocated to Non-redeemable Class B shares Denominator: Weighted average Non-redeemable Class B ordinary shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per Non-redeemable Class B ordinary share 
 F-18 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Public Warrants (1) As of December 31, 2021 Assets: Investments held in Trust Account Liabilities: Private Placement Warrants (1) Public Warrants (1) 

 (1) Measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 There were transfers into or out of Levels 2 or 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Warrants The Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on the balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the statements of operations. Expected term (years) (1) Expected volatility Exercise price 

 (1) Expected term (years) utilized in December 31, 2022 valuation was adjusted to reflect the probability of failing to complete a de-SPAC transaction. Probability assessment was as of the December 31, 2022 valuation date. 
 The Warrants are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The measurement of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market under the ticker BOAC.WS. The Company determined the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants using a Monte Carlo simulation model. As such, the Private Placement Warrants are classified as Level 3 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Private Placement Warrants and Public Warrants were valued at and per warrant, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Private Placement Warrants and Public Warrants were valued at and per warrant, respectively. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents BLUESCAPE OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions (1) ) ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions (1) ) ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

 (1) Changes in valuation inputs or other assumptions are recognized in change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the statements of operations. 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 (b) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (1) 3.2 Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (4) 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (1) 4.2 Description of Securities 10.1 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company, the Sponsor and the Zimmer Entity (1) 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (1) 10.3 Amendment No. 1, dated as of September 22, 2022, to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2020, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (4) 10.4 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other equity holders named therein (1) 10.5 Letter Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors (1) 10.6 Administrative Services Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (1) 10.7 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (1) 10.8 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company and the Zimmer Entity (1) 10.9 Form of Indemnity Agreement (3) 10.10 Promissory Note, dated as of July 13, 2020, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (2) 10.11 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated July 10, 2020, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (2) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Table of Contents 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File 

 (1) Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2020 (2) Incorporated by reference from Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248551) filed with the SEC on September 8, 2020 (3) Incorporated by reference from Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248551) filed with the SEC on October 27, 2020 (4) Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 22, 2022 Filed herewith. These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ C. John Wilder Name: C. John Wilder Title: Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Tristan Yopp Name: Tristan Yopp Title: Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/ C. John Wilder Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board March 31, 2023 C. John Wilder /s/ Tristan Yopp Chief Financial Officer March 31, 2023 Tristan Yopp (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Jonathan Siegler Chief Operating Officer and Director March 31, 2023 Jonathan Siegler /s/ Curtis H bert, Jr. Director March 31, 2023 Curtis H bert, Jr. /s/ Graham van t Hoff Director March 31, 2023 Graham van t Hoff /s/ Duncan Palmer Director March 31, 2023 Duncan Palmer 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 boac-20211231xex4d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

Exhibit 4.2 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES As of December 31, 2022, Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company we, us, our or the company had the following classes of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (1) units, each consisting of one whole share of Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share Class A ordinary shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant, (2) shares of Class A ordinary shares and (3) warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A ordinary shares at an exercise price of 11.50. Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on the NYSE under the symbols BOAC.U, BOAC and BOAC WS, respectively. The following summary of the material terms of the securities of the company is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as amended by the Amendments adopted on September 22, 2022), which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Articles ), and the applicable Companies Law and the common law of the Cayman Islands Cayman Islands law by which we are governed. We urge you to read our Articles in its entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this exhibit, or the context otherwise requires, references to: Companies Law are to the Companies Law (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; forward purchase agreements are to the agreements providing for the sale of the forward purchase securities to our sponsor and the Zimmer Entity in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination; forward purchase securities are to the forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants; forward purchase shares are to Class A ordinary shares to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreements; forward purchase units are to the units consisting of one forward purchase share and one-half of one forward purchase warrant to be purchased by our sponsor and the Zimmer Entity pursuant to the forward purchase agreements; forward purchase warrants are to warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreements; founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to this offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares ); management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; private placement warrants are to the warrants to be issued to our sponsor and the Zimmer Entity in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market); 
 1 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; sponsor are to Bluescape Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; Zimmer Entity are to an investment fund managed by Zimmer Partners, LP. Units Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in the registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-248551). Pursuant to the warrant agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, a New York limited purpose trust company, as warrant agent, and us (the warrant agreement a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. The Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on December 18, 2020 . Holders of the units have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. Ordinary Shares Prior to the date of the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering, there were 16,531,250 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, 16,486,250 which were held of record by our sponsor, so that our sponsor owned approximately 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after our initial public offering and the expiration of the underwriters option to purchase additional units. The remaining 45,000 of our outstanding Class B ordinary shares are held by our independent directors, with each of Messrs. H bert, Jr., van t Hoff and Palmer owning 15,000 shares. Upon the closing of our initial public offering (including the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option) and the redemption in connection with the amendment of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association on September 22, 2022, 22,586,946 of our ordinary shares are outstanding, including 7,399,446 Class A ordinary shares and 15,187,500 Class B ordinary shares. Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our Articles, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Law or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our Articles such actions include amending our Articles and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion 
 2 

of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our Articles governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Because our Articles authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such initial business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the initial business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one full year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting of shareholders to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and among the company, the sponsor and certain equity holders of the company, our sponsor upon consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account was 10.00 per public share upon the completion of our initial public offering. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters of our initial public offering. The redemption rights include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Articles (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our Articles, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our Articles require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of 
 3 

the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in our registration statement), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our Articles require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Articles provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. We would need 11,293,474 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 3,764,492(assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 22,586,946 outstanding ordinary shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Our sponsor alone owns 15,142,500 of our outstanding shares. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Pursuant to our Articles, if we have not consummated an initial business combination by October 30, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by October 30, 2023 (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our Articles provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public 
 4 

shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (c) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Articles (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by October 30, 2023 (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (d) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein; and (e) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a general meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination (including the forward purchase shares, but not the forward purchase warrants), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. Except as described herein, our sponsors and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the 
 5 

same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsors and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our Articles may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. Register of Members Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member; whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue; the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member and the date on which any person ceased to be a member. Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register of members will be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. Preference Shares Our Articles authorizes 5,000,000 preference shares and provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding on the date of the filing of this exhibit. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 
 6 

Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which has been filed with the SEC, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 
 7 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading - Warrants- Public Shareholders Warrants- Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined above) except as otherwise described below; if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 
 8 

Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value (as defined below) and the Newly Issued Price (as defined below) as set forth under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 18.00 60 months 0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 57 months 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 54 months 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361 51 months 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361 48 months 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361 45 months 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 0.356 0.361 42 months 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361 39 months 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 0.354 0.361 36 months 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361 33 months 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 0.352 0.361 30 months 0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361 27 months 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.350 0.361 24 months 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361 21 months 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361 18 months 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361 
 
 9 

15 months 0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361 12 months 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361 9 months 0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361 6 months 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361 3 months 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361 0 months 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in some other blank check offerings, which only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under - Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of the final prospectus related to our initial public offering. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 
 10 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. Redemption procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-Dilution Adjustments . If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10-trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 
 11 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities, excluding the forward purchase securities, for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsors or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsors or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under - Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s Articles or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such 
 12 

holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The warrants have been issued in registered form under the warrant agreement. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of the public warrants, and the forward purchase warrants will vote as public warrants on all matters where the terms being amended are the same for each. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which has been filed with the SEC, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Private Placement Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under the section of the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering entitled Principal Shareholders- Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described under the section of the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering entitled - Warrants- Public Shareholders Warrants- Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our sponsor and the Zimmer Entity or its permitted 
 13 

transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor, the Zimmer Entity, or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering. Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Except as described above under - Public Shareholders Warrants- Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the Sponsor fair market value. For these purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsors or an affiliate of our sponsors or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. The terms and provisions of the forward purchase warrants shall be identical to those of the private placement warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 
 14 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Law. The Companies Law is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Law applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain circumstances, the Companies Law allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 662/3 in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Law (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Law provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give 
 15 

the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a general meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Law or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 
 16 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. Shareholders Suits . Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. Special Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law. The Companies Law distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; an exempted company does not have to hold an annual meeting; 
 17 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our Articles will contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our Articles provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our general who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in our initial public offering), will participate in any vote to amend our Articles and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our Articles provide, among other things, that: If we have not consummated an initial business combination by October 30, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our Articles to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond October 30, 2023 or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 
 18 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; If our shareholders approve an amendment to our Articles (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our 146 Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by October 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In addition, our Articles provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. The Companies Law permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our Articles, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Anti-Money Laundering- Cayman Islands If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of 
 19 

business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Law (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. Data Protection- Cayman Islands We have certain duties under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (the DPL based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. Privacy Notice Introduction This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPL personal data ). In the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. Investor Data We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPL, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPL, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPL or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. Who this Affects If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. How the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data The company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 
 20 

a) where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; b) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or c) where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. The Data Protection Measures We Take Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPL. We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Articles Our Articles provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 21 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 boac-20211231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, C. John Wilder, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ C. John Wilder C. John Wilder Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 boac-20211231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Tristan Yopp, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Tristan Yopp Tristan Yopp Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 boac-20211231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, C. John Wilder, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ C. John Wilder C. John Wilder Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 boac-20211231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Tristan Yopp, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Tristan Yopp Tristan Yopp Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 boac-20211231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 boac-20211231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 boac-20211231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 boac-20211231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

